[00:00]
Jay here from YouTube says, "A bachelor
is a selfish teenager. You were born
able to support far more people than
just yourself, but you just want to keep
that given abundance for yourself. How
childish." I think that perfectly
encapsulates the mind frame for a lot of
people. A lot of more religious
conservative people that really push
somebody towards, you know, marriage
settling down is that, you know, to keep
all these riches, so to speak, for
yourself, not necessarily monetarily,
just, you know, everything for yourself
is the ultimate in selfishness. and you
are not contributing to society. Well, I
I don't think that that's true.
Bachelors can certainly contribute to
society. Um, what we're getting at, I
guess, is the sin of gluttony as it was
initially defined. Gluttony today means
that you like eat too much or you drink
too much. But I think it was first meant
to mean like you hoard like you hoard
money or you hoard food or you hoard
value and you don't share it, but you
amass it for the sake of amassing it. So
there's there's a difference between
hoarding value and being married. So for

[01:02]
hoarding value and being married. So for
example, if I were married with
children, it would be much less likely
that I would have made a YouTube channel
that I would have written a book. A wife
and children take a great deal of time,
energy, and money. I've on some level
chosen to benefit a larger swath of
humanity versus a couple of people. And
it's not for me to judge which one is
right or which one is wrong or which is
better. I think each man has to decide
that for himself. But under no cases
should a man amass value and hoard it.
But the idea that the proper use of his
skill and resource is simply to provide
for a nuclear family, I think is
actually fairly shortsighted. I think
that's within the bounds of the average
man. But for anybody who might have a
wider scope, that actually might be
limiting in ways that and more guilty of
hoarding value than spreading it across
a wider audience.