[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
what women
want. Welcome to the age-old problem.
Men have been seeking an answer to this
question for millennia. Even Sigman
Freud confessed that this remained an
enigma for which he had no solution.
However, at the risk of hubris, I will
have to respectfully disagree with the
good doctor. And I'm going to put forth
in this very video my answer to this
question. I'll begin by answering the
question more generally in the sense of
an explanation that holds true over time
and close by answering the question more
specifically in the sense of what women
today want in the modern social millu.
Let's get to it.
The simplest way to explain what women
want in general terms is this. Women

[01:02]
want in general terms is this. Women
want what other women
want. There it is. Women want what other
women want. It's true, but kind of
unsatisfying, especially because we very
quickly run into a chicken and the egg
type of problem. Namely, if women want
what other women want, how do those
other women decide what they
want? In response to this, we might have
to consider female desire to be a kind
of emergent phenomenon that is
normatively
rooted in a certain time and place.
Consider women's fashion. Yes, the
designers in Milan and New York already
know what they're going to be pushing
for the spring lineup 2 years from now.
They're attempting to influence taste,
but they cannot dictate it. Despite
their best efforts, the particular look
that will go viral in any given season
is still anyone's guess. It just kind of

[02:02]
is still anyone's guess. It just kind of
emerges out of the profusion of
individual choices at the population
level. And once that look gets
established, because it's adopted by a
critical mass of women, it becomes the
standard against which individuals are
compared for as long as it remains the
norm. And this is how in a given time
and place, a sizable majority of women
always seem to kind of look the same
despite the fact that their fashions are
constantly changing. Make sense?
A lot of female culture is normative
despite the fact that those norms are
always changing. It's kind of like a
flocking instinct. And there may be
plausible explanations for this
phenomenon. Consider the distribution of
most traits across gender. While most
men and women's distributions are more
alike than not, there is a consistent

[03:01]
alike than not, there is a consistent
effect that we tend to observe at the
population level. That is irrespective
of the trait measured. Women's
distributions tend to be more peaked,
more congregated toward the mean,
whereas men's distributions tend to be
flatter creating longer tails in either
direction. This means that relatively
speaking, a greater proportion of women
tend to be average whereas a greater
proportion of men are more likely to be
either abject failures or rampant
successes. On some level, nature has
chosen males to be the sex on which it
experiments. It takes bigger risks with
males and sometimes those risks pay off
and a lot of times they don't. However,
risk-taking is an aspect of successful
reproductive fitness in males in a way
it just isn't with females. As I've said

[04:00]
it just isn't with females. As I've said
before, the biggest risk you can take as
a man is not taking a risk. If you don't
do something to stand out in some way as
a man, then life will pass you by. You
will be unnoticed by your fellow man,
and you will be ignored by women. The
average man is invisible to
others. This isn't true for women. Most
average women can be reasonably assured
of being selected by someone. This
someone might not be the man they
prefer, but most women do not end up
alone due to a lack of interest, which
can't be the same uh it can't be said
the same for men. So if the successful
outcome is more or less assured, why
would women or females more generally
expose themselves to unnecessary risk?
What would they have to
gain? Evolutionary pressures have pushed
women toward the center, which is

[05:01]
women toward the center, which is
generally the safest place to be. Just
consider how differentially men and
women value safety and security. It's
well documented that men on the whole
are much more comfortable with risk and
uncertainty than women are. They kind of
have to be. And it's this preference for
safety and security that motivates women
to keep a close watch on what other
women are doing because what most other
women are doing constitutes the fattest
part of the distribution curve
irrespective of what that curve is
measuring. And this is where the
greatest safety and security resides.
Like fish in a shell, each individual is
closely monitoring where the group is
moving because if they guess wrong and
the individual turns left when the shaw
turns right, that little fish might find
itself very vulnerable and very
exposed. And this close intex

[06:02]
exposed. And this close intex
observation doesn't stop with fashion
trends. Women are looking to other women
for information on how to live their
lives. More generally, a critical mass
of female behavior is an indication of
where the fattest part of the curve
might be, alignment with which will
afford the greatest possibility of
social
safety. If you appreciate the insights
on this channel, I would highly
encourage you to get your hands on a
copy of my book, The Value of Others.
Over the course of 432 pages, I delve
deep into my economic model of
relationships and explain the behavior
of both men and women in the game of
mating and dating. I also provide a lot
of actionable advice on how to get and
keep more of what you want in the sexual
marketplace. Once you read The Value of
Others, you'll never look at
relationships the same way again. Now
available in ebook, audiobook, and

[07:00]
available in ebook, audiobook, and
paperback formats. The links are in the
description. So that's the answer to the
question of what women want on a very
high level. And this explanation implies
that to understand what women want more
specifically, we would need to observe
how a critical mass of women are
behaving in any given time and place.
Consider how we would answer that
question a few generations ago. What did
most women want? Well, what were most
women doing? They weren't trying to be
boss or ladies who lunch. They
wanted to be housewives. Like that was
the career most women were aiming at 70
years
ago. Now, some people would argue that
this historical behavior is conclusive
evidence that it's in the best interests
of all women to raise kids and take care
of homes. And I don't necessarily see it
that way. Obviously, women have been

[08:00]
that way. Obviously, women have been
evolutionarily selected for traits that
facilitate motherhood. Traits like
gentleness and nurturing, and they may
experience satisfaction in expressing
those traits in their individual
lives. But we also can't ignore the fact
that there has been a noticeable lack of
optionality with respect to women's life
choices for a very long time. When women
historically have become mothers and
housewives, I don't think we can simply
conclude that they were expressing their
biologically programmed preferences in
vacua. Because when they looked to other
women and saw their mothers and
grandfathers and sisters and girlfriends
all doing the same thing, that was a
strong signal as to where the fattest
part of the behavioral curve was
located. And certainly deviating from
this norm carried great risks to women
historically. My point here is that it's
difficult to tease apart how much of
this phenomenon is due to biology and
how much of it is due to

[09:01]
how much of it is due to
culture. Great. So let's fast forward to
the present moment. If you're a woman
looking out at other women, especially
through the lens of social media, what
are you going to see a critical mass of
them doing?
It's definitely not getting married and
having kids, at least not
exclusively. There is still a norm, but
that norm has shifted and it will
continue to shift
continuously. And what I'd like to argue
is that what you see a critical mass of
women doing today
is
everything. And that's what women
want. Everything.
Women today want to have all the
experiences. They want to have a career
and earn a master's degree and start a
business and have a baby and get a
million followers and visit all the
countries and eat all the foods and get
married and find themselves and take a
yoga retreat and blow up the scene,
etc., etc.,

[10:00]
etc., etc.,
etc. Women want to ride all the rides at
Disneyland. They're like completionist
gamers. They don't necessarily want
everything in the sense of material
possessions, but in the sense that they
want to have every emotional,
relational, and social experience that
other women anywhere seem to be having.
And collectively, across the various
highlight reels they consume on social
media, they believe this can and should
be possible for
them. And this is an important clue.
What really motivates the modern woman
is FOMO, the fear of missing out. Thanks
to social media, it appears that other
women are doing all of the things, which
sends the cue that doing all of the
things is the fattest part of the
behavioral curve, which as we've
discussed is where the safety is. And I
think this is a big part of why so many

[11:00]
think this is a big part of why so many
women today are making themselves
unnecessarily anxious and stressed and
depressed. The vast majority of women
cannot do all of the things which
basically sends a constant signal to
them that they are drifting out of the
shaw. Their emotions are responding to
this perception of danger. However, this
is not conscious in all but the most
self-aware individuals.
FOMO as a guiding principle also helps
to explain a lot of what would otherwise
remain baffling about the decisions of
modern women. If the goal is to do all
of the things, then an essential
question that must be considered in any
decision conscious or not must be will
doing this prevent me from doing that?
That is if A prevents B and I want both
A and B, then if possible, I need to be
able to secure B before A, they are
loathed to choose any path that

[12:01]
loathed to choose any path that
forecloses any
other. This is a big part of why women
tend to use their 20s, the decade when
they are most likely to secure a
long-term relationship on the most
favorable terms, to advance their
education and careers rather than start
a family. Given that women's normalized
sexual marketplace value tends to
decrease over time as their youth,
beauty, and fertility fade, men look at
this behavior and shake their heads.
It's almost like watching someone set
fire to a pile of money. It's like, what
a
waste. However, from the perspective of
modern women, this decision makes
perfect sense. After all, it's what a
critical mass of other women seem to be
doing. What's more, starting a family
young would very likely make it much
more difficult to experience certain
things, possibly permanently, which
would obstruct the current prime
directive to do all of the things. Like
a young mother probably isn't going to

[13:01]
a young mother probably isn't going to
Cancun with her girlfriends or giving a
TED talk on mindfulness or eating gelato
in Rome and sushi in Tokyo or getting
celebrated as one of the 30 under 30.
Female logic dictates that it's better
to get those things before settling down
for completionist purposes, otherwise
FOMO. Now, you might argue that starting
a family later in life, assuming she's
able to do so, will also prevent certain
experiences like say watching her
grandkids graduate from college or
celebrating her golden wedding
anniversary. And this is true. Choosing
any path in life closes off others. This
is inescapable. The way out of this is
to realize that women don't actually
want to do all of the things. They just
want to do all of the things that a
critical mass of other women have
decided are worth doing. They
conveniently ignore everything else. And
this, like fashion, changes with time.

[14:00]
this, like fashion, changes with time.
In any case, there you have it. Women
want what other women want. And today,
what other women want is to do all of
the things. They are motivated by FOMO
and in the service of that desire they
are incentivized to postpone foreclosure
for as long as possible. Accept these
principles and the behavior of modern
women becomes entirely
comprehensible. What do you think? Does
this fit with your own experience? Let
me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its message
as it's word of mouth referrals like
this that really help to make the
channel grow. I know you know someone
out there who could benefit from hearing
this episode. It's kind of an important
one. Do your part. Send it to someone
who you know would like to hear what I
have to say. I have a few other things
that I can pitch to you now. Um if you'd
like to join my free weekly newsletter
in which I write original content that I
don't post here or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours

[15:00]
one-on-one consultation with yours
truly, you can do so on my website.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore the sexual
marketplace through the lens of
behavioral economics, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, in which I have bimonthly
group consultations and Q&As with
invited guests. Uh, both of these are
excellent additional resources. If you
like the content you see here, you're
definitely going to like what you find
uh in both of those locations. Check it
all out. It's all in the links to the
description. in the description below.
As
usual, thanks for your support and thank
you for listening.