[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
know when to shut
up. This one is for the guys. When it
comes to mating and dating, I've seen
far too many of you snatch defeat from
the jaws of success. And the most common
culprit behind this unpreferred outcome
is not knowing when to shut up.
The unwillingness to stop talking has
blown more negotiations in the history
of the world than we can ever hope to
estimate. And as you'll recall from my
book, relationships always progress
through three distinct phases
irrespective of whether they last for
the night or the rest of your life.
Attraction,
negotiation, and maintenance. The
ability to appreciate when further
discussion will do more harm than good
is an essential skill in sales. And as

[01:02]
is an essential skill in sales. And as
I've said before, if it works in sales,
it works with women. Let's examine this
further. I've spoken to a number of
veteran salesmen over the years who have
told me that one of the hardest lessons
they've ever had to learn is the need to
stop talking once the other party has
made a decision to move forward. Whether
we're talking about selling a car or
going back to your place, there is
literally nothing nothing further you
can say at this point that will help
your case because they have already made
their decision. You literally cannot
talk them into doing it. However, you
absolutely can talk them out of doing
it. And you can do this in a variety of
ways despite your best intentions. For
instance, let's say you're selling a car
and you have the bright idea to flatter
your customer's decision to purchase a

[02:00]
your customer's decision to purchase a
particular vehicle. You have excellent
taste, sir. This is the best model we've
gotten in this year. And the customer
might latch on to those last couple of
words. What do you mean this year? Were
last year's models better? When do you
get in the next year's stock? Do you
understand? Rather than feeling
reassured as to the wisdom of his
decision, all your comment succeeded in
doing was introduce a new doubt into a
mind that was poised to take action,
which of course is very, very dumb. Now,
this is a failing that tends to afflict
more novice salesmen. And this is true
for a number of reasons. First and
foremost, this can occur because they
have been programmed to believe that
optimal sales strategy always progresses
through a rigid succession of steps that
gradually escalates the other party to

[03:00]
gradually escalates the other party to
the purchase decision. AI DA. Within
this mindset, skipping a step is
functionally equivalent to blowing the
sale. And within every optimal sales
strategy is the demonstration of value.
Like, I cannot tell you how many sales
calls I've sat through with more
inexperienced businessmen who didn't
understand that I just wanted to cut to
the chase and who instead insisted on
putting me through a slide deck or a
scripted pitch in order to demonstrate
the value of a service I was already
interested in procuring. And this
insistence was their downfall. I felt
like I was talking to a chatbot, not a
human being. and that did not make me
feel reassured that I was being seen,
heard, and appreciated for my specific
needs and desires. It's important to
understand who you're dealing with and
to change tact once it becomes obvious
where the other person resides on the

[04:00]
where the other person resides on the
decision-making
continuum. As I've said before, the main
reason why men blow the first date is
they won't stop talking about
themselves.
And this is usually the result of a
little bit of knowledge, which as they
say is a dangerous thing. They've
learned that women desire high value
men.
Aha. There go. They come to the
conclusion that seduction is merely a
function of their ability to demonstrate
the highness of their value as quickly
as possible. And this typically results
in such hamfisted exposition that there
is little space for the woman to feel
anything other than admiration for the
man's apparent ability to conduct
himself so confidently in the absence of
self-awareness. Now, if you're fortunate
enough to have good things going for
yourself, it's always better for her to

[05:00]
yourself, it's always better for her to
discover these things about you than for
you to describe them yourself.
Show don't tell. Showing is both more
impressive and more trustworthy than
anything you could affect with your
mouth. It's also a reasonable safeguard
against being exploited for one's
resources, which is a common fear that I
often hear successful men
express. Now, the second reason why so
many noviceses seem to find it difficult
to shut up is low
self-esteem. In the sales arena, it is
essential to believe in one's product
implicitly. And this is generally the
attitude that one's product speaks for
itself, but that the salesmen will
remain on hand in the event that people
need assistance in seeing that. And in
point of fact, there will be many
customers and many more customers once
the product's success is established
that actually will be able to see the
product's virtues on their own. However,

[06:00]
product's virtues on their own. However,
a salesman with low self-esteem won't
believe that. He himself doesn't
believe, but the product speaks for
itself. So, he can't possibly believe
that anyone else would believe what he
does not. And because he doesn't believe
that, he insists on selling, often right
past the point of the
sale. I personally experienced this
reticence when working with some former
business partners. It took over a year
of my insisting for them to add a buy
now button to the sales page of our
mutually developed product. And this was
because they fundamentally could not
conceive of someone who could recognize
the value of our product and want to
move things along. This is not how they
would behave and so they projected that
tendency onto others. People need a free
trial. They need to be convinced of the
wisdom of buying the product. They need
assurances and guarantees and
comparisons, etc., etc. And yes, some

[07:01]
comparisons, etc., etc. And yes, some
people will need these things. And in
general, the more significant the
purchase, the more likely people will
need those security features. However,
it is absurd to insist that some people
aren't ready to hand over their money
and get on with it. And just like you
miss out on the first group by not
offering a free trial, you absolutely
miss out on the second group by not
offering an add to cart. Different
strokes for different folks. The ability
to readily accommodate people who have
already made their decision will prevent
you from blowing an easy sale. And
you're more likely to do that if you
believe in the value of your product and
don't insist on a demonstration of that
value. If you appreciate the insights on
this channel, I would highly encourage
you to get your hands on a copy of my
book, The Value of Others. Over the
course of 432 pages, I delve deep into

[08:03]
course of 432 pages, I delve deep into
my economic model of relationships and
explain the behavior of both men and
women in the game of mating and dating.
I also provide a lot of actionable
advice on how to get and keep more of
what you want in the sexual marketplace.
Once you read The Value of Others,
you'll never look at relationships the
same way again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the
description. Now, this leads us to the
pragmatics of power, which among other
things includes a willingness to
receive. Be willing to receive,
gentlemen. Be willing to receive money.
Be willing to receive female attention.
Be willing to receive opportunity. Be
willing to receive the good things in
life, grace and abundance and adoration
and
respect. If you believe that you have to

[09:01]
respect. If you believe that you have to
talk everyone into giving you those
things, then on some level you yourself
do not yet believe that you deserve
them.
Talk to people with the confidence that
your value is obvious and assured and
you will feel the need to demonstrate
that value as much as you would feel
called upon to demonstrate that water is
wet or the sky is blue. A king abides in
his dignity. He does not make arguments
in support of
it. Now, this is especially true when it
comes to women in the game of mating and
dating. Most women make the decision as
to whether they would ever sleep with a
man within the first few minutes of
meeting him. And this decision once made
is extremely difficult to change. If you
take a girl home and you discover that
her bra and panties match, my dude, it
wasn't your decision to have sex that
night. She made that decision for you.

[10:01]
night. She made that decision for you.
And she made that decision in advance of
the date. It wasn't your demonstration
of value on the date that sealed the
deal. It was, as previously discussed in
another episode, the fantasy about you
that you successfully failed to disabuse
her of that moved things along. She was
neither ambivalent nor disinterested
when she showed up. She was already
motivated to take action. She had
already sold herself on the product, and
all you had to do was finalize the
paperwork. Further selling would have
been both unnecessary and
counterproductive. Believe in your
product and give her the option to buy
now. All right. Now, the ability to shut
up is not just strategic, it's tactical.
It can increase interest and attraction
when utilized appropriately. This is
because the most compelling way to
capture someone's attention is to take
yours away. There are several

[11:00]
yours away. There are several
psychological reasons for this. in the
first. Okay, be
honest. During that silence, how many of
you check to see if there was something
wrong? Did you check to see if the video
stopped? If the internet was down? Did
you fiddle with the volume controls? If
you had been listening to me in the
background, you probably suddenly gave
me your undivided attention. And I was
able to capture your attention by taking
mine away. It's a powerful tactic to
motivate action. Now, the caveat here is
I was only able to accomplish this feat

[12:00]
I was only able to accomplish this feat
because I had already captured your
attention to begin with. If you were
just flipping through channels and you
came upon some random vlog filled with
dead air, you would just have kept
moving forward. So, taking action
uh so taking attention away only works
as a tactic if you've succeeded in
capturing attention to begin with. This
is something that master seducers
understand. Seducing a woman is kind of
like big game fishing. It's a process
that is fundamentally governed by
tension and release. You got to know
when to let the line out and you got to
know when to reel the line in. Tension,
reeling it in and release. Letting it
out. If you're reeling when you should
be letting or letting when you should be
reeling, either you're going to break
your line or that fish is just going to
swim away. In the context of a first
date, this means not jumping in to fill
every silence just to keep the
conversation going. This means not

[13:01]
conversation going. This means not
confessing your feelings too quickly in
order to reassure her of your
intentions. This means indicating your
attraction, but making no immediate move
to act upon it. These are all easy,
actionable ways to introduce emotional
and sexual tension into the courtship
process. And in the context of an
ongoing relationship, this means never
allowing your woman to take you for
granted. This means periodically giving
her the gift of your absence.
Give good love in attention and
occasionally let her go without. Not in
a punitive or petulant or provocative
way. These kinds of absences are not
gifts, but in the way that a cloudy day
makes us miss the sunshine, which is a
treasure that we all take for granted
from time to time. In any case, when it
comes to sales and women, less is often
more. Do not insist on selling and

[14:03]
more. Do not insist on selling and
cultivate the confidence that one's
value speaks for
itself. And in the interest of this
episode, I'm not going to sell you
anything. You know who I am. If you're
interested in finding more about what I
can do for you, I'm sure that you will
find a way to make that happen. In any
case, I really appreciate you listening
to today's episode. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.