[00:00]
And I actually focus more on whether a
woman is loyal to you rather than when
she's in love with you. And I think a
lot of people with low self-esteem, they
will focus on but I know he loves me,
but I know she loves me. I just know. I
know she treats me badly. I know she
cheats, but I know deep down she loves
me. And I said, love, loyalty is far
more important than love when it comes
to a woman. Forget whether she loves
you. Who cares if she loves you or not?
Is she loyal to you? Is she treating you
well? Treatment is far more important
than this belief system that I know she
loves me. And people with low
self-esteem, they want to believe this
person loves them as a compensation
strategy to the fact that they don't
love themselves. But when you truly love
yourself, you be, I don't care if you
love me or not. How do you treat me is
more important. And they don't focus on
the treatment. Absolutely. Like focusing
too much on the emotion is like paying
attention to money locked in a safe at
the bottom of an ocean. It's like it
might be very valuable, but it's
inaccessible. Maybe you love me, maybe
you don't. I have to take your word for
it, but I certainly don't feel it from
the way that you're treating me. Right.
Yeah. And you notice that with your male
clients as well that they focus on the
fact that she might or is it? They can
they can do that. But I think the real
issue with bad treatment in a

[01:01]
issue with bad treatment in a
relationship is a man for whatever
reason has already decided this is the
one I want. This is the one I want to go
the distance with. This is the one I
want to marry and start a family with.
And they've emotionally committed and
made a decision prior to sufficiently
vetting the woman. And now they're kind
of like behind the eightball and they're
realizing less than flattering traits,
incompatibilities, and difficulties. and
they're running defense. They're trying
to rationalize to themselves, make
excuses for the behavior because they're
trying to preserve the dream that
they've already decided to emotionally
invest in that they've projected onto
that particular Woman.