[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax better living through psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
rise of the
beta. So folks online talk a lot about
high value men alpha men who can compete
successfully both in life and in the
sexual marketplace. We know that all
things being equal, women tend to mate
and date hypergamously. That is they
tend to mate and date up status
hierarchies. By the same token, we know
how difficult it is to ascend those same
hierarchies, which implies that those at
the top must be more competent, more
diligent, more intelligent, more
ruthless, etc., than those at the
bottom. However, all this kind of begs a
question. Namely, if alpha men are
supposed to be at the top of social
status hierarchies, then why is it that
so many of our corporate leaders and
cultural icons and elected politicians
are such weak [ __ ]
dorks? Like, why don't we see alpha

[01:01]
dorks? Like, why don't we see alpha
Chads running the world? While we've
seen a shift toward traditional
masculinity as a positive in the most
recent election cycle, why is it that so
many leaders around the world seem to be
beta males? Like that shouldn't be
possible, right? In fact, on the
surface, it seems to be a flaw in our
model. Shouldn't the guys at the top, no
matter how they present themselves, be
the alphas by definition? What is going
on? It's a very interesting question.
In today's episode, I'm going to offer a
possible explanation for this
phenomenon. To begin with, it's
important to understand that the current
situation is not the end state. This is
not how things are supposed to look at
the end of the game. What we're
currently experiencing is an
intermediary stage in a social movement
that may or may not reach its conclusion
depending on current and future events.
Beta males in positions of power is not

[02:01]
Beta males in positions of power is not
the desired end goal. It is merely a
necessary step in the direction of that
goal. The best analogy I've been able to
come up with to explain what is going on
comes from the TV show Survivor. Now,
I'm not a Survivor super fan, but I'm
familiar with the premise and I find the
program absolutely fascinating from a
social psychology perspective. Winning
the game depends on correctly adapting a
fluctuating system of strategies in a
constantly changing social millu. It's
not enough to be the smartest or the
strongest or even the most well-liked.
It's real politic with real people.
They've produced nearly 50 seasons of
the show already. So even if you've
never seen it, you're likely familiar
with the premise. In any case, in one of
its nearly 50 seasons, Survivor
conducted a gender-based experiment and
pitted men against women. Though the
team started out in equal numbers, only
women made it to the end game. All the

[03:01]
women made it to the end game. All the
men had been eliminated. And this
outcome is particularly surprising given
how the game began. At the beginning of
the competition when the men and women
were segregated, the women didn't win a
single
contest. Actually, no. It's it's not
fair to say they didn't win. They didn't
even come close to winning. It was a
bloodbath. The men were destroying the
women on every single challenge the game
presented. Not only that, but the
villages, like the way the two teams
were living, were completely different.
The men had formed a cooperative system.
They constructed shelters, marshaled
fire, and were eating game. They were
living fairly comfortably given the
rather primitive environment they found
themselves in. On the other hand, the
women were basically huddling under
rocks, wet and cold. They didn't have
the skills or the systems to construct
even a tenth of the men's
infrastructure. And of course, the
better the relative conditions, the

[04:00]
better the relative conditions, the
easier it was for the men to maintain
their competitive advantage. So given
all this, how did the men go from being
absolutely dominant to being voted out
of the game? How did the women pull off
this coup? It's an interesting question.
Pause the episode now and see if you can
figure it
out. All right, so this is basically how
it went down. It soon became obvious to
the women that they were not going to be
able to win in a head-to-head
competition against the men. And every
time the women lost, another one of
their numbers was voted out of the game.
They understood that their days were
numbered and that they would have to try
to undermine the men in some other way.
So what the women did was so dissension
among the men. The women observed that
as powerful and skillful as the men
were, this power and skill was not
distributed evenly across the group. A
pecking order had organically emerged,

[05:01]
pecking order had organically emerged,
and the most competent and accomplished
had risen to the top. These men, whom we
could call the alphas, were responsible
for a disproportionate majority of the
team's success. Now, awareness of this
fact was not lost on the men. However,
it didn't really seem to bother any of
them. They were teammates and aligned
toward a common goal. It was okay that
some men were higher status than others
because there was still a place for
every man in the economy of that
society. It was kind of like a high
functioning sports team. The whole team
could acknowledge their best players as
their captains and yet not impede their
ability to work together successfully.
In fact, this kind of hierarchy probably
makes a team success more likely as the
team has functionally endowed certain
individuals with executive functioning
which can expedite decision-m and
cooperation. That said, the women were
able to create dissension in the ranks
by sewing doubt among the lower status

[06:00]
by sewing doubt among the lower status
men. They found some pretext or other
toer the lower status men and basically
said, "Look, we get it. You won. We're
screwed and our time here is limited.
We're not going to win. But before you
start celebrating, you've got to
consider as soon as we're gone, who do
you think is going to be next? Huh? H
you think you're going to beat out those
alphas? As soon as we're gone, you're
next on the chopping block. We can't
beat those guys, but let's be honest,
neither can you. So, let's form an
alliance against the alphas for our own
mutual
self-preservation. Now, on some level,
this was a rational argument. However,
the women also spiced this offer with a
couple of emotional
tidbits. First, they played on the beta
male's pity by damsling. They made an
uncommon show of their misery and
helplessness in order to evoke a helping
response from these men, which they

[07:01]
response from these men, which they
eventually succeeded in doing. Before
too long, these betas were sharing food
and fire with the women, their
competition. So, by plucking on male
heartstrings, the women were able to
create a fifth column inside of the
men's village in order to secure
instrumental support, something that the
alphas would be less likely to
do. Second, the women lightly flirted
with the betas and suggested the
possibility of relationship further down
the road. Like once the alphas had been
removed, the women indicated that they
would be able to move into the village
to take their place. And wouldn't that
be more pleasant company than a bunch of
sweaty dudes? So through a combination
of fear, pity, and desire, the women
were able to persuade a group of lower
status males to betray their higher
status teammates. Initially through
clandestine sabotage and bad faith, and
eventually through open revolt. However,
by this time, the women and the betas
together comprised a majority block

[08:00]
together comprised a majority block
which was able to get rid of the
threatening higher status
men. And once all the alphas were gone,
guess what happened? The remaining women
broke their alliance with the betas and
voted every single one of them out of
the game. After all, they were no longer
useful. So the outcome the betas feared,
the outcome that motivated them to
betray their teammates was precisely the
outcome that came to pass as a result of
their
betrayal. And that's how the women were
able to beat out the men and win the
game. They could not succeed in direct
competition. They were only able to
survive by turning the lower status men
against the higher status men through
the manipulation of fear, pity, and
desire. Pretty clever,
huh? If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's

[09:01]
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. So, this is my best explanation
as to why there are so many beta males
in positions of power and authority
today. It's a stage in the process. For
the last few decades, we've collectively
been voting the alpha males out. And
this has really only been possible
because women have been able to forge an
alliance with lower status men. And like
the TV show, this has largely been done
through the manipulation of emotion,
especially through the concepts of
maleness and

[10:01]
maleness and
masculinity. Across the same timeline,
all of the traits associated with
traditional masculinity, the toughness,
the strength, the stoicism, etc. have
been rebranded as toxic. Impressionable
young people who are typically still
sorting out who they are and who rely
heavily on external approval to navigate
this process have been raised with a
notion of what makes a man good that has
almost entirely been constructed by
women. You can see this most clearly in
the shaming language that women employ.
A real man is always defined via v his
relationship with women, never to
himself. And this in turn has created
generations of weak, misguided men who
have gotten this way by trying to rise
to the conception of manhood that has
been formulated by women. And it is
likely that this conception that women
and and let me ask you a question. Is it

[11:01]
and and let me ask you a question. Is it
likely that this conception that women
have created is exclusively or even
primarily in the best interests of the
men
involved? Just put the shoe on the other
foot. Ask women whether they believe
that traditional models of femininity,
which were largely defined by men,
exclusively or even primarily serve the
best interests of women. How do you
think they would respond? But we're to
believe that women are so altruistically
blind to self that the definitions of
masculinity and of ideal male behavior
that they promote have nothing to do
with their own
agendas. In any case, women have
succeeded in seducing a subset of men
into betraying their brothers. That is
to align with their conceptualization
that traditional
masculinity against which they might not
be able to successfully compete is toxic
and misogynistic.
in exchange for female approval. A need
that is so deeply instilled in so many

[12:00]
that is so deeply instilled in so many
men that in many cases it is
indistinguishable from their own
self-worth. This alignment not only
produces fewer alpha males with each
subsequent generation, but it also
creates a powerful voting block capable
of removing the remaining alphas from
positions of authority using
ideologically backed policy initiatives
as
well. And why is this occurring? Because
just like on survivor, the modern woman
is in competition with the modern man.
Gone are the days of complimentarity in
which men and women functionally move in
separate orbits. The modern woman is in
her masculine and she has chosen or has
been forced or has been incentivized
depending on your perspective to enter
into historically male social domains
and carve out a space there. They want
money and power and status and
recognition. And to get those things,
they have to beat out the men who also

[13:03]
they have to beat out the men who also
want those things. The issue is that
just like on Survivor, the alpha males
are extremely difficult to beat in
direct competition. Like even the other
men couldn't beat them. So these men
have to be removed from the game if
women have a chance of occupying the
highest positions of power and
authority. And the play for the last
several decades has been to make all the
traits and attributes associated with
these alpha men morally reprehensible.
Morally reprehensible. This has been
done by controlling the narrative of
what makes for a real man or a good man
and increasingly through moralization
masked as medicalized language. Only the
most strong willed and disagreeable of
men are able to resist this, especially
if it is fed to them from the time they
are young boys as yet incapable of
critical thought. In their zeal to prove

[14:02]
critical thought. In their zeal to prove
that they are not like the other guys
and to secure a female approval that has
become indistinguishable from their own
self-worth, women and lower status men
have teamed up to rid the world of alpha
males and all they represent. And that
is where we find ourselves today. The
process has begun, but it hasn't yet
been completed. Whether or not the
intended outcome is obtained largely
depends on whether or not these lower
status men wake
up. Play the tape forward, guys. Once
all the alphas are out, what's going to
happen next? Those betas are going to be
the next to go. It's just like on the
show. These men are only useful to women
until the alphas are eliminated. Women
can and do out compete beta males all
the time. They are not an obstacle to
their victory. These men will have

[15:00]
their victory. These men will have
served their purpose. And like the nice
guy providers that end up divorced when
their wives no longer need anything from
them, they will be sumearily dismissed
once they have outlived their
usefulness. Make no mistake, women are
in direct competition with men. And if
you can't win through direct
confrontation, then you have to resort
to guerilla tactics. That is
reasonable. After all, all's fair in
love and war. Now, whether women will
actually be better off if they're the
ones occupying the positions of power
and authority is an open question. As
you'll recall on Survivor, their village
wasn't functioning particularly well,
and I don't think it ever did. Even
after they moved into the vacancies
created by the eliminated alphas, they
lacked the skills and the systems to
maintain the community they had
inherited. However, this was kind of a
moot point as the game ended once they
had won. They had no reason to think
past the point of securing the highest

[16:01]
past the point of securing the highest
position. On the other hand, this is not
how the real world works. The game does
not end once someone is invested with
power and authority. In point of fact,
it only just begins. And in my opinion,
it's in everyone's, men and women's,
everyone's best interests, if the most
competent and capable people, whoever
they turn out to be, are the ones
running the show. When this occurs,
things tend to work, and there tends to
be a place for everyone. It's not a
perfect system. Nothing is, but it
certainly beats the
alternatives. What do you think? Does
this fit with your own experience? Let
me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message, as it is word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter in which
I write original content or to book a
paid consultation one-on-one with me can

[17:02]
paid consultation one-on-one with me can
do so on my website. There's also my
book, The Value of Others, and my member
community, The Captain's Quarters. The
links to everything are in the
description below. If you like the
content here, there's a lot of great
value in these other resources. Check
them out. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.