[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is an ideal
marriage. So, this is something that I'm
not infrequently asked about. It's like
Orion, can you give an example from
popular culture, a book, a movie, a TV
show of a relationship that you feel
actually works that you could hold up as
a kind of model for a positive, healthy,
functional relationship? you seem kind
of down on relationships in general. So,
what does a good relationship look like?
And it's true. I'm often not very
optimistic about relationships. They're
just so hard to do over the long term.
I've seen hundreds of marriages up close
and there hasn't been any that I've seen
where I've said to myself, "Man, I wish
I could change places with that guy."
Now, I thought about this question a
bunch because I want to help people. I
want to be able to hold up a model of a
good marriage, but there really aren't a

[01:00]
good marriage, but there really aren't a
lot of good examples in our popular
culture. In most of the content
produced, which it should be remembered
is ultimately for entertainment
purposes, the guy is kind of hopeless
and dumb and ugly, and the woman is the
competent and attractive one. When the
relationship works, it kind of works in
spite of the guy and because of her
efforts. And this is just not how things
operate in reality. More competent women
do not end up with less competent men.
And even when they do, they certainly
don't stay with those men. And the
relationship is generally pretty
unsatisfying until they leave. We know,
for instance, that women who outearn
their partners are significantly more
likely to file for divorce. And this
isn't entirely or even mostly due to
male fragility or whatever nonsense
explanation is circulating in the
popular consciousness. In any case, I've
given it some thought and I was able to
identify one marriage represented in our

[02:03]
identify one marriage represented in our
popular culture that I think might be
one of the most successful and
satisfying. It's probably not what you
expect me to say, but here it is. The
relationship that I'm willing to hold
out as an example of a successful
marriage from popular culture
is the Adams family. Gomez and Morticia.
They figured it
out. Let me
explain. I'm not suggesting that the
outward form of their relationship is
what is enviable. Like I don't want
exactly what they have. I don't want to
live in a spooky castle with morbid
interior design.
But I do want what they have. That is a
relationship that is exquisitly and
enthusiastically attuned to who they are
as individuals. That's why their
marriage works. The first thing that's
interesting about the Adamses is that
Gomez is absolutely the adorer and

[03:02]
Gomez is absolutely the adorer and
Morticia is absolutely the adored. But
Orion, you've said multiple times on
this channel that it's better for the
man to be the adored and for the woman
to be the adorer. And here in your ideal
example, it's the reverse. What gives?
Well, what gives is that I stand by my
statement in general? In general, it is
better for the woman to be the adorer
and for the man to be the adored.
However, relationships are not formed
between generalities. They are formed
between specific and unique individuals.
And this is precisely my point.
Relationships should be customtailored
to the individuals within them. Even if
this means the actual structure or
operation conflicts with general
guidance, expectations or ideal
templates. It's not good to be pmic and
rigid with respect to your relationship
models. Ultimately, it's for the two

[04:01]
models. Ultimately, it's for the two
people in the relationship and only
these two people to decide what works
for them. Like, let's be done
collectively with forcing ourselves into
procrustian boxes and start demanding
that our boxes fit us instead. So, I
already like these two because they
demonstrate that unconventional
exceptions to the rule can in fact
flourish and succeed.
Now, the second thing I love about Gomez
and Morticia is that they are so [ __ ]
weird. They are weirdos. And it's not
just that they tolerate the others
peculiarities, they love them. They
support them. They go all in. Like, we
can't imagine Gomez married to some
waspy lady in Connecticut. We can't
imagine Morticia dating a San Francisco
tech bro. like it just wouldn't work.
And that is reflected in the world

[05:00]
And that is reflected in the world
around the Adams family. Everyone on the
outside is looking at them like they're
[ __ ] nuts, which they kind of are,
but they've embraced their nuttiness to
the point that they could care less if
the incipid NPCs pretending to be normal
understand them.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the

[06:00]
description. Gomez and Morticia have
embraced their weirdness, their desires,
their lifestyles, their idiosyncrasies,
and they built a relationship around
that weirdness to strengthen and
preserve it. Well done. This is in stark
contrast to the monolithic template for
how heterosexual marriage is supposed to
look, which according to its success
rate is failing people left and right.
When two billion people are dreaming the
same dream, that's not their dream.
That's their programming. And their
heads have been so full of programming
for so long that in many cases they've
forgotten how to dream for
themselves. But not Gomez and Morticia,
which is why I love what they have. What
they exemplify is the idea that in order
to really flourish in a relationship,

[07:00]
to really flourish in a relationship,
you have to abandon that programming and
dream for yourself. Figure out who you
really are. Not who you think you are,
not who you want to be, not who you
think you should be, but who you really
are. And begin to date from that place.
And keep searching until you find
someone who doesn't just tolerate you.
Though to be honest, tolerance is
preferable to the critical and
judgmental relationships that many
people find themselves in, but who
thinks that what you are is [ __ ]
awesome and vice versa. Put your
individualities first and build your
relationships around a complimentary
functional
dynamic. Another thing I love about
Gomez and Morticia's marriage is that
they play games with each other
constantly. Like all the [ __ ] time
they are playing with each other. People
say things like, "I don't want to play
games with my relationship. A real
relationship takes work," etc. And this

[08:01]
relationship takes work," etc. And this
is terrible advice. Think of what the
vast majority of people do the moment
they get off work. They play games.
That's what they'd rather be doing. All
kinds of games. Video games, romance
games, crossword puzzles, spectator
sports, gambling, conversational games,
etc., etc. A great deal of our pleasure
and satisfaction in life comes from game
playing. It's like, yeah, relationships
take work and they become work the
moment you stop playing.
Now, I don't mean that Gomez and
Morticia play games competitively, that
is games in which one person wins and
the other person loses. This is
typically not great for relationships.
Gomez and Morticia play games that they
both win. Their games are fun and silly
and sexy. They certainly seem like they
can't get enough of each other. And I
think that has a lot to do with the fact
they are using games to inflame their
mutual interest. They're also creative

[09:01]
mutual interest. They're also creative
and role flexible. Like Gomez loves to
play this game where he becomes the
tango master and Morticia loves to play
along because she knows where this is
going. They're going to end up in the
bedroom for yet another round
of strengthening their
relationship. Never stop playing with
your partner. Just play with them in a
way in which you both win. This
cultivates a lively, engaging energy
that will keep your relationship and
your bedroom
alive. So, that's what I love about the
Adamses. They're so fully themselves
that they don't give a [ __ ] about what
anyone else thinks. They're obviously
straight, but they're kind of queer in
the sense that they have decided to
deviate significantly from the cultural
template held out to them with respect
to how their marriage is supposed to
look. And they raise children in this
context and they stay together over time

[10:02]
context and they stay together over time
while their neighbors are probably
trying to keep it together over the
dinner table and getting
divorced. Figure out who you are. Stop
making compromises of your individuality
for the sake of another person's
happiness. Embrace your weirdness and
build your relationships around what
actually works, not what is supposed to
work. And understand that you cannot do
this with anyone. Gomez needs a
Morticia. Morticia needs a Gomez.
Neither one of them would be able to
make it work with a
normie. But how normal are you really?
I think that people, if they're really
honest with themselves, are weirder than
they give themselves credit for and they
could lean into that a little bit more.
So, that's what I have for you. Gomez
and Morticia Adams, unlikely candidates
for a model marriage, but I think I've
laid out a compelling argument for why
that might be the case. What do you
think? Does this fit with your own

[11:00]
think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message. I know you know someone
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. You can also join my free
weekly newsletter or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with me on my
website. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, in which I lay out my
economic framework for relationships and
my member community, The Captain's
Quarters, in which I host live bimonthly
group consultation calls and Q&As with
invited guests. The links to everything
are in the description below. Check it
out. Lot of great value there. As
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.