[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
the disposable
man. This episode is likely going to rub
some folks the wrong way. However, I've
been sitting with these ideas for quite
some time and I think they're now ready
for a wider audience. The message here
will be difficult for some men to hear
because it may cause them to question
their identities in a deep fundamental
way. Fish can't see the water. When
you've been swimming in water your
entire life, the element becomes
invisible. On some level, it has to
become invisible in order to navigate in
that medium. And the properties of the
water slowly become indistinguishable
from the properties of the fish. Today,
we're going to be discussing where the
fish ends and the water begins.
Most men that exist on this planet are
brainwashed. I understand that word has

[01:01]
brainwashed. I understand that word has
some very serious connotations, but try
as I might, I haven't been able to find
a word that better describes men's
predicament. It's a brainwashing that is
supported in a million little ways
across most cultures. And it's been
going on for so long that its existence
has been completely naturalized. Many
people, including men, even believe that
it constitutes a biological difference
in much the same way that the social
conditions in which women have
historically operated have been mistaken
for women's natural
inferiority. It's such an accepted
belief that when I say it out loud, it
may not even provoke any surprise or
astonishment. So let me first present a
more visible historical contrast to
bring this belief into sharper
focus. During the Second World War, the
Japanese military adopted the practice
of the divine wind, which is the literal

[02:01]
of the divine wind, which is the literal
translation of
kamicazi. Kamicazi pilots were young men
who were ordered to dive bomb American
battleships. They would be killed in the
process, but they might also be able to
kill hundreds of their enemy in one fell
swoop. While they lived, kamicazi pilots
were very highly honored, and their
memories were celebrated with all the
marshall pomp the Japanese military
could muster. Self-sacrifice in the
service of others was established as the
highest goal to which a man could
attain. And who were these others? After
all, it wasn't other men who were
sheltered on the home front. It was
women. This part doesn't get said out
loud very often, but it's important to
enunciate in order to logically complete
the thought. Namely, self-sacrifice in
the service of women was established as
the highest goal to which a man could
attain. Now, if you heard that last
sentence and didn't think there was

[03:01]
sentence and didn't think there was
anything strange about it, let me ask
you a follow-up question.
Do you think the kamicazi pilots were
brainwashed? That is, if you took away
the propaganda and the indoctrination
and the pomp and the honor and the
glory, do you think that a healthy
functioning man would volunteer to throw
his life away? And if it was voluntary,
why would all the propaganda and
indoctrination and pomp have been
necessary? Survival is kind of the
ultimate goal of all living things. To
suggest that an individual would
voluntarily surrender that goal despite
the protoplasmic desire of every cell in
his body to continue living without the
presence of some overarching ideology,
patriotism, love, freedom, the right
thing to do is a bridge too far. And of
course, it's easier for us westerners to
consider the kamicazi indoctrination to
be brainwashing because we don't share
those cultural beliefs. It seems foreign
and alien to us, but it probably

[04:02]
and alien to us, but it probably
wouldn't have to the Japanese at the
time. And that in turn implies the
existence of beliefs that seem perfectly
reasonable to us that might be baffling
and incomprehensible to those who do not
share those beliefs. However, as we'll
see, the more things change, the more
things stay the same. In point of fact,
men today are still raised to imitate
the divine wind. This is the belief
under which most men are brainwashed
that men are most useful as
sacrifices. And the larger the
sacrifice, the more useful they are
considered to be. This means that
culture in a million insidious ways
programs men to die or at least to be
willing to die when necessary so that
their sacrifice might be useful to
others. and in particular to
women. To my mind, this by itself is a

[05:03]
women. To my mind, this by itself is a
large part of why far more men commit
suicide than women do. From a very young
age, men are groomed for self-sacrifice
in a way that women, who are instead
instructed in their inherent value, just
aren't. And a society in which one
gender is systematically programmed to
sacrifice for the good of the other, in
my opinion, can't possibly be just and
can't possibly be equal.
Just imagine how different the world
would look if young boys were taught
that they had inherent worth and that
their incurring harm, physical or
emotional, is one of the most heinous
transgressions that could occur in
society. That they had a right to their
lives and that they weren't bound to do
the right thing when the right thing
conflicted with the right thing for
them. and that they had an entitlement

[06:00]
them. and that they had an entitlement
to service and protection from women
simply on the basis of their gender.
Trust me, the most destabilizing
revolution in human history will occur
precisely 25 years after we stop
programming boys with the kamicazi
script.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Let's be clear, the kamicazi
comparison is both literal and
figurative. Today, at this very moment,
men are being sent to war to die. To die

[07:00]
men are being sent to war to die. To die
for causes that they may not understand
and for reasons from which they cannot
possibly benefit. In this country, men
are forced to enroll in selective
service. A lot of American women don't
even know that this program exists. But
it doesn't seem to bother anyone, men or
women. Why? Because we all just kind of
believe that, yeah, men are the
disposable
sex. They're expendable. Like, I wonder
how many fewer wars we would
collectively have thought throughout
history if the belligerent were forced
to send women, that is the valued sex,
into battle.
like suddenly the conflict might not be
so worth it, you
know. However, men are also and more
commonly expected to make a figurative
self-sacrifice in the service of women.
This has to do with giving up on his
hopes, his dreams, his interests, his
friends, his happiness, and the

[08:01]
friends, his happiness, and the
possibility of happiness. If and when
any of these things conflict with his
duty to his woman, they are told to grow
up, man up, and step up. Not when action
would be in their own self-interest, but
when action would be beneficial to the
interests of a woman with whom he is in
a
relationship. In fact, as I argue in my
book, romantic relationships are
probably the largest wealth
redistribution program that has ever
existed in the history of this planet.
Whether that wealth is redistributed
through taxes and social programs or
through the material expectations of
courtship and marriage is irrelevant.
Even opting out doesn't protect men. The
bachelor tax has just been rebranded as
the tax advantages of filing jointly. In
any case, single, married, or divorced,
men's income is expected to at least
partially support women in a way that
women's income is never expected to do.

[09:02]
women's income is never expected to do.
This expectation both presupposes and in
turn supports the belief that women are
in some way entitled to men's
wealth. And this is problematic because
believing that one is entitled to
another person's wealth is equivalent to
believing that one is entitled to the
labor that created that wealth. And
believing that one is entitled to
another person's labor is
slavery. It's a partial slavery to be
sure because it's proportional and
indirect, which is why it can
functionally operate in plain sight. But
I would argue that slavery is so
abominable that even partial forms of it
should be called out. Now, when this
episode goes public, I expect some
measure of push back from the audience.
And frankly, I'm going to expect that
most of the push back that I receive
will not come from women, but from men.
This is because there is a not
insignificant subset of men that has so

[10:03]
insignificant subset of men that has so
deeply identified with this programming
that it has been elevated to the status
of an ideal.
Sacrifice in the service of women, an
ideal that is ingrained in the romantic
imagination, is not just a duty for
these men. It's a source of pride. And
the more they sacrifice, the more they
feel entitled to feel proud of
themselves. And I would argue that this
is because these men suffer from a kind
of Stockholm syndrome. They have not
been able to escape this captive
ideology. So they have imbued it with
positive even holy i.e. divine wind
attributes. Not only that, but for every
man who believes that his self-sacrifice
in the service of women is a source of
pride, there is another man who is
currently desparing because he has no

[11:01]
currently desparing because he has no
woman to whom to offer his life as
sacrifice. That's how deep this
programming is. There are men right now,
right now who are depressed, hopeless,
and self-loathing because they do not
yet have a beneficiary for his impulse
to
self-sacrifice. They are soldiers in
want of a war. And I don't think we can
say the same of the opposite sex. Now,
this is not about demanding that women
be kamicazi pilots as well. I don't want
there to be any kamicazi pilots. like I
would prefer that that role doesn't
exist. That said, there are times when a
person has to be willing to lay it on
the line and to back up one's position
with sweat and blood. Otherwise, how
much do I truly value my values?
However, if I'm going to do that, if I'm
going to go
allin, I'm going to do so in the service
of my dreams and my values and my

[12:03]
of my dreams and my values and my
ideals, not for somebody else's. I
reserve that right to myself. Another
person's distress is not necessarily my
responsibility. To demonstrate how
reasonable men suddenly become with
respect to this idea, just swap the
gender of the person who happens to be
in distress. Like, it's possible that I
would die to protect Kyle from the other
side of town. But before I did so, I
would have some questions. Questions
like, what did Kyle do to get himself
involved in such a dangerous
predicament? Why isn't Kyle able to
protect himself? Why? What would I hope
to gain from fighting his battles? And
why do I feel motivated to protect Kyle
from the consequences of his decisions?
What's more, I don't think I would feel
particularly guilty for not getting
involved in Kyle's situation depending
on the answers to those questions.
However, turn Kyle into Carla and the

[13:00]
However, turn Kyle into Carla and the
situation feels much different. Throw
the possibility of honor into the mix
and you're off to the races. In my
estimation, that kind of high- sounding
language is poor recompense for a life
cut short. In any case, when men do feel
guilty for not getting involved, when
like Cain, they feel ashamed that their
sacrifice has been rejected by women as
insufficient. That's the programming
speaking. And the solution is for men to
recognize it as such and to turn away
from death and
sacrifice and toward life and abundance
and prosperity.
like I am going to take the radical
position that my life is no less
valuable than a woman's or that my hopes
and dreams are any less valuable than a
woman's. I like my life. I I I really

[14:02]
woman's. I like my life. I I I really
do. I want to live a long and happy and
healthy life. I am not convinced simply
as an accident of my birth that I should
be a vessel of self-sacrifice for the
other gender. Furthermore, I'm going to
argue what most women implicitly
understand, namely that a life without
honor, which is not the same thing as a
life with dishonor, that a life without
honor is preferable to a death with
honor.
Life, my brothers, is a precious thing.
And I would argue that the life of a
man, literally or figuratively, is not
any less precious on the basis of his
gender. There will be more peace and
justice and equality in the world the
more this is accepted as
true. And as I said, this might be a
tough cell for men because men like

[15:01]
tough cell for men because men like
honor. Men like glory. So do I. However,
my argument is that these words are too
often used like bull fighters capes.
They lead men right into the
sword. For instance, many men would
proudly die for their women. That is no
small
thing. But just how many of these men
would live for them? Like how many of
these men are healthy and they take care
of themselves so that they can live for
as long as possible that they can have
as many resources and be abundant and
share with the women in their lives? How
many of them are focused on that versus
sacrificing what they currently
have? As courageous as it is to die in
the service of an ideal, it is often
much harder to live in the service of
that same ideal. And what these men
might be escaping through their
sacrifice is an invitation to an even
higher calling. An invitation not to
death but to life to be healthy and

[16:02]
death but to life to be healthy and
virtuous and strong and powerful and
abundant and prosperous. Like these are
classical virtues the kind of virtues
that existed before Christianity which
functionally argues through the example
of Christ that self-sacrifice in the
service of others is the highest ideal
to which men can attain.
My point in closing is not that this is
entirely wrong. That's a very good
thing. My point is that this ideal can
be so easily exploited by others and
that men should be very clear about what
exactly they are sacrificing and
why. Life demands more than death. It's
often the harder choice, which is why
men can be so loath to choose
it. What do you think? Does this fit
with your own experience? Let me know in
the comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody because it's word of mouth

[17:00]
know somebody because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter or to
book a one-on-one paid consultation with
yours truly can do so on my website.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore interexual
relationships through the lens of
behavioral economics, and my member
community, The Captain's Quarters, in
which I give bimonthly group
consultation sessions and offer invited
Q&As with guests from all over the
internet. The links to everything are in
the description below. Please check them
out. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.