[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
the problem of now or the dirty
garage. Over the last few decades, we've
heard from a lot of self-help gurus
about the power of living in the now.
According to these thinkers, so much of
our depression and anxiety is due to the
fact that we spend most of our time
ruminating about the past or worrying
about the future. The past and future
don't truly exist. There is only the
now, only this present moment. Let go.
Embrace the moment. After all, this is
all there is. And let's be clear,
there's nothing about this that is
untrue. I've said much of this myself in
various episodes over the years.
However, this just makes the obvious
question to be asked all the more
pressing. Namely, if this is true, if
there is a free and available solution

[01:01]
there is a free and available solution
to so many of our unnecessary problems,
then why do so few people live this way?
I thought about this question and I've
come to the conclusion that this advice
stops short of a full appreciation of
the experience of living in the now
which while solving some problems
absolutely creates some new ones. Let's
examine this further.
If we are truly able to arrive at a
place where either through extreme
control of our attention or a kind of
complete absorption in the present
moment, past and future no longer exist
and we abide without judgment or
expectation or even conscious thought,
then all we're truly doing in that
moment is sensing, is perceiving.
Living in the present moment is a very
sensuous or sensual experience. You see
what you see. You hear what you hear.

[02:02]
what you see. You hear what you hear.
You feel what you feel. And whatever is
present is the totality of your universe
in that
instant. And this is potentially
problematic for a number of reasons. Not
least of all being that modern men and
women are not very sensual and that we
collectively look down on sensuality as
base and pile, whereas the abstract
realms of meaning and purpose are where
the most mature and self-actualized
people
reside. In any case, the problem with
experiencing the present moment
sensually is that most people's
immediate environment is not
particularly pleasant to experience.
Like, I don't think I would have any
problem living in the moment if I were
lying on a feather bed covered in rose
petals and beautiful women. That sounds
quite nice. I don't think I'll be
thinking about my tax returns. Indeed,
in order to be absorbed in the present
moment, most people require a stimulus

[03:01]
moment, most people require a stimulus
that produces strong physical pleasure
and/or a very evocative emotional
experience. This is why, according to
one of my favorite experience sampling
studies, the one and only commonplace
activity during which people are focused
on the present and do not experience
mind wandering episodes is sex. And like
a positive feedback loop, this present
focus could very well be part of the
reason why we find sex so pleasurable.
For better or worse, however, most of us
do not spend most of our time having
sex, which means most of our everyday
experience generally isn't all that
pleasurable. Like, just pause and look
around you. Do you like what you're
seeing? Do you enjoy what you're
hearing? Unless you have a lot of money
and freedom, probably not. Most people's
everyday circumstances are not
particularly pleasant.
I understand that people can cultivate a

[04:00]
I understand that people can cultivate a
taste for unpleasant things. For
instance, I doubt there were many people
who enjoyed the bitterness of coffee
when they first drank it. Just like
people can cultivate a pallet for food
and drink, people can kind of cultivate
a pallet for experience. But that takes
some maturity and that absolutely
requires sitting with uncomfortable or
unpleasant sensations for a while. Most
people don't want to do that. They don't
want to come into direct sensual contact
with the unpleasantness of their lives.
So what people do is use their judgments
and their meanings and they time travel
in their minds into the past or into the
future in order on some level to cover
up the unpleasantness of their immediate
sensuous experience which they would
prefer not to feel.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly

[05:01]
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Unfortunately, this aversion to
sensuous experience of the present
moment can make a positive feedback loop
in that it can disincentivize people
from expending the effort to make their
immediate environments more pleasant to
experience. This is why I subtitled this
episode the dirty garage. Let's say you
have a garage that needs cleaning, but
every time you open the door and peek
inside, you think, "Oh man, it's dirty
and dark in there. Do I really have to
do this? I don't really feel like
spending time in there right now." And
so you put the chore off. But over the

[06:00]
so you put the chore off. But over the
next few weeks, few months, few years,
that garage just continues to accumulate
more and more crap, which in turn makes
it much less likely every time you open
that door with good intentions that
you're actually going to make any
progress. In fact, the garage might have
to get so dirty and so crowded that you
can't even walk in there for you to say,
"Fuck it. I'm ready to do something
about this." like the problem had to get
sufficiently urgent and painful for you
to take action. Misery is unsustainable,
which is why I've said that sometimes
things have to get worse before they get
better. So, people avoid the present
moment because generally speaking, the
present moment isn't all that pleasant.
And there is a specific form of
unpleasantness that really tends to keep
people out of the here and now. Do you
know what it is?
The present moment is
incredibly

[07:00]
incredibly
boring. It's so boring. Like the
Buddhists figured this out a long time
ago. Remove judgment and expectation and
self-consciousness etc. And all you're
left with is the immediate sensual
experience which is empty. It's not good
or bad or right or wrong or even
pleasant or unpleasant. It just is what
it is.
And there is nothing we can do about
that. There's nothing to do about that.
Empty sensuous experience doesn't really
require anything of us. Which is
probably why most animals can kind of
live their lives just being. And I don't
think humans can really do that. In any
case, with their capacities for meaning
making and abstract thought, they don't
really seem built for that. It would be
like owning a Lamborghini but only
driving it in the first gear. In any
case, simply perceiving sensual reality
is experienced by most people as
extremely boring, which is one of the

[08:00]
extremely boring, which is one of the
most aversive states that humans can
experience. Now, certain specialists
have tried to tackle this problem
headon. Take Zen Buddhism for instance,
whose practitioners sit in prolonged
periods of boredom much of the time.
Like I think everyone should experience
a Zazen session at some point in their
lives. Most likely you'll be so bored
that your mind will start to revolt
against you. It'll start to do all kinds
of crazy cognitive cartwheels in an
attempt to keep you stimulated. And
because this isn't particularly pleasant
either, most people don't become adept
at zazen. It's the dirty garage again.
That said, if you were to stick with it
year after year after year, you would
likely become sublimely attuned to the
smallest fluctuations in your sensory
and emotional experience. Like imagine
drinking only plain water for a year. If

[09:00]
drinking only plain water for a year. If
you were to add just a grain of salt or
a granle of sugar to your drink after
all that time, you would probably be
able to sense it. On the other hand, if
you're drinking three sodas a day, the
glass with the granule is going to taste
like plain old boring water. Now, none
of this is to say that we shouldn't do
these things, that we shouldn't clean
our garages. It is to say that simply
living in the now isn't going to make
your problems disappear, at least not
immediately. Beginning to live in the
present moment is like finally attending
to the garage that you've been avoiding
for years. It's going to be difficult
and unpleasant and effortful. But if you
stop because of that, besides losing the
opportunity to develop your pallet for
life in all its subtle and miraculous
manifestations and the chance to alter
your environment in a reality based way
to make it more pleasant to experience,
you will likely continue to be subject
to a constant low-grade stress against

[10:01]
to a constant low-grade stress against
which you will have to expend more and
more of your psychic energy. What we
resist persists. So doing the work to
abide in the present moment might be
worth considering if you're starting to
feel like your head is stuffed with too
much crap. Just don't let the gurus
mislead you. Living in the here and now
is not going to miraculously solve all
of your
problems. What do you think? Does this
fit with your own experience? Let me
know in the comments below. And please
send this episode to someone who you
think might benefit from its message
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. I also have a few other
things that you might want to consider.
You can join my free weekly newsletter
for which I write original content or
book a paid one-on-one individual
consultation with me on my website.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore the economic
model of human relationships, and my
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host by monthly group

[11:01]
Quarters, where I host by monthly group
consultation sessions as well as Q&As
with invited guests. The links to
everything are in the description below.
Check them out. You might like them. As
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.