[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is the plow
horse. Personally and professionally,
I've had the opportunity to observe
hundreds of marriages up close. And I
would say that after all I've seen, I
could count on one hand the number of
relationships that I wouldn't mind being
in. And there was no man, not a single
one with whom I would want to change
places. Now, I understand that
relationships can look very different
from the outside than they do from the
inside and that ultimately it's for the
two people in the relationship and only
those people to decide whether their
relationship is sufficiently beneficial
to endure. However, despite these
qualifiers, I couldn't help but feel
that my observation was fairly damning
of the institution of marriage to some
degree. And that got me thinking, what
was it about these relationships that I

[01:00]
was it about these relationships that I
found so
off-putting? And the answer that I came
up with is that the men in question just
seemed so [ __ ] whipped. Like they
were so toothless and came. Their wives
became their bosses. Happy wife, happy
life. It was just work, family, work,
family. Odd infinitum. Their lives got
so small, their freedom was
non-existent, and they often seemed like
shadows of their former selves. Like
wild animals that had been shut up in a
zoo, they seemed weak and listless and
stressed. Many years ago, while climbing
Boundary Peak, the highest point in
Nevada, I came across a herd of wild
mustangs in the high sage. Against the
rugged backdrop of the snow-covered
mountains, the animals looked so strong
and healthy and free. It was one of the
most beautiful sights I have ever seen.
I could not imagine any one of those

[02:00]
I could not imagine any one of those
horses preferring the bit and the bridal
to a life on the open range. And yet in
the world today, so many horses are
yolked and harnessed. They are hitched
to plows and made to carry the burdens
of others. They are equipped with
blinders so that they only see the task
before them. They are geled, castrated
to make them more tractable, and they
are whipped when their drivers are
displeased with their efforts. The life
of a plow horse is not a happy one. He
exists to serve the needs of his owner.
Too often this is what I see when I look
at married
men. I see horses in harness. When I
speak to them, they generally don't
understand how this happened. They
remember their Mustang days. When they
got married, they didn't think they were
signing up for the yoke. They thought
their girlfriend would stay their
girlfriend, which is why they married
her. They think their marriages are

[03:02]
her. They think their marriages are
flawed and often ask how to fix them.
However, I have to respectfully disagree
with these men. Their marriages are not
necessarily flawed. The life of a
married man is the life of a plow horse.
This is not a flaw. This is a feature.
This is by design. Why do you think they
call it getting hitched? Marriage is a
commitment to make a woman the primary
beneficiary of your labor for the rest
of your life.
That's what it is designed to do. And
when this occurs, it is working
properly. Let's examine this more
closely. Consider the traditional duties
of the husband to protect, to provide,
and to forcewear all others. That's an
ideal husband, right? Now, imagine we
not only prioritized these duties, we
optimized them. that the optimization of

[04:02]
optimized them. that the optimization of
the traditional duties of the husband is
the life of a plow horse. For instance,
if we were to optimize for sexual
exclusivity, like if we were to make it
impossible for the man to have any other
women in his life, what would you do?
Well, you would definitely take up all
of his free time. You would insist that
he not follow other women on social
media. You would prevent him from seeing
his unmarried friends and strictly
forbid time alone with other women. And
while you might not literally castrate
him, you would symbolically do so by
monopolizing his sexuality and then
withholding it, which is what transforms
sex from an act of intimacy and pleasure
and connection into a carrot on a stick
to keep the man working. That's how you
would optimize for sexual exclusivity.
That's not marriage done wrong. That's
marriage done right under traditional
social expectations. And on some level,

[05:00]
social expectations. And on some level,
that might be for the best. Like, if a
man wants to remain exclusive to one
woman, why wouldn't he cut off all other
women, real or virtual? What could those
women be other than a source of
frustration or a temptation down a
slippery slope? In any case, nothing
good could come from it, so just cut
them off.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,

[06:01]
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the
description. All right, let's keep this
up. What would you do if you wanted to
optimize for provision? That's easy. You
would ensure the man has just enough
rest for his body and mind to recuperate
for tomorrow's labor. His leisure and
pleasure and enjoyment are irrelevant.
He is a beast of burden. Beasts of
burden aren't allowed to coort in the
meadow with their friends or to nap in
the shade when there is work to be done.
Both would be wasteful misallocations of
his energy toward unproductive ends. He
has afforded just enough relaxation to
prevent injury, burnout, or divorce so
that he might remain productive for as
long as possible. And this is why women
and wives in general are much more
likely to tolerate certain forms of male

[07:01]
likely to tolerate certain forms of male
leisure than others. It's simple. The
more a woman understands that a given
activity might indirectly benefit her,
the more she is willing to tolerate a
man's enjoyment of that activity. This
is why, for instance, women are much
more willing to tolerate men playing
golf, which is associated with
networking and negotiations, than say
playing video games. Most women hate
hate video games. They reserve their
most shaming denunciatory language for
men who play them and they hate them
because there is nothing in video games
directly or indirectly from which women
might benefit. So it is a selfish and
wasteful use of time and energy
irrespective of how much the man in
question derives pleasure or connection
from the
activity. And this of course is what
transforms women into complaining nags.
It's not the natural inclination of any

[08:01]
It's not the natural inclination of any
animal to work itself to death. It must
be whipped into shape. Just like it's
the owner, not the horse, who gets to
decide when the horse is sufficiently
rested, it's for the wife to whip the
husband back into the harness when she
decides he could be more productive. And
if a man is unfortunate to lose access
to the source of his provision by say
losing his job, it's unlikely the woman
will long stay to support him. Like a
farm owner, she just secures another
horse, one ready and able to work and
disposes of the first as discreetly as
possible. That's how you would optimize
for provision. Again, that's not
marriage done wrong. That's marriage
done right. That's what's supposed to
happen. And finally,
protection. How would you optimize for
protection? You already know the answer.
The man is expected to sacrifice

[09:01]
The man is expected to sacrifice
himself, both literally and
figuratively, when necessary, for the
good of the woman. Plow horses don't
retire. They die in harness, ensuring
the survival and well-being of those
they leave behind for as long as
possible. And perhaps after their
deaths, they are shipped off to the glue
factory to render one final act of
service to their owners. That's how you
would optimize for protection. It sounds
terrible, but you will always put
something less valuable between you and
harm's way to protect yourself. You
wouldn't use something more valuable as
a buffer, would you? Like, no one is
going to take a bullet for a horse, is
she? As I discussed in the disposable
man, some lives are worth more than
others. And the institution of marriage
and the interexual dynamics that it
represents is one of the most pervasive
ways in which this inequality is

[10:00]
ways in which this inequality is
perpetuated in the modern day. Again,
this is not marriage done wrong. This is
marriage done right.
So it is important for men to go into
this relationship with their eyes wide
open. Optimizing for protection,
provision, and sexual exclusivity has
the plow horse as its logical endpoint.
This is not an accident. This is
purposeful and
intentional. This is what is supposed to
happen. Why men continue to sign up for
this? Why they leave the open range for
the stable is something that I'll
discuss in a future episode. But I think
that's enough for today. What do you
think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please come on guys, send
this episode to someone who you think
might benefit from its message. I know
you know someone because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Also,

[11:00]
help to make the channel grow. Also,
anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with me can do so on my
website. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, in which I explore the
economic model of relationships, and my
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, in which I host bimonthly
group consultations and Q&A sessions
with invited guests. The links to
everything are in the description below.
Check them out. There's a lot of good
value there. As always, I appreciate
your support and thank you for
listening.