[00:00]
Too often, this is what I see when I
look at married men. I see horses in
harness. When I speak to them, they
generally don't understand how this
happened. They remember their Mustang
days. When they got married, they didn't
think they were signing up for the yolk.
They thought their girlfriend would stay
their girlfriend, which is why they
married her. They think their marriages
are flawed and often ask how to fix
them. However, I have to respectfully
disagree with these men. Their marriages
are not necessarily flawed. The life of
a married man is the life of a plow
horse. This is not a flaw. This is a
feature. This is by design. Why do you
think they call it getting hitched?
Marriage is a commitment to make a woman
the primary beneficiary of your labor
for the rest of your life. That's what
it is designed to do. And when this
occurs, it is working properly. Let's
examine this more closely. Consider the
traditional duties of the husband. to
protect, to provide, and to forcewear
all others. That's an ideal husband.

[01:01]
all others. That's an ideal husband.
Right? Now, imagine we not only
prioritized these duties, we optimized
them. That the optimization of the
traditional duties of the husband is the
life of a plow horse. For instance, if
we were to optimize for sexual
exclusivity, like if we were to make it
impossible for the man to have any other
women in his life, what would you do?
Well, you would definitely take up all
of his free time. You would insist that
he not follow other women on social
media. You would prevent him from seeing
his unmarried friends and strictly
forbid time alone with other women. And
while you might not literally castrate
him, you would symbolically do so by
monopolizing his sexuality and then
withholding it, which is what transforms
sex from an act of intimacy and pleasure
and connection into a carrot on a stick
to keep the man working. That's how you
would optimize for sexual exclusivity.
That's not marriage done wrong. That's
marriage done right under traditional
social expectations.