[00:00]
[Music]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is some men
need
marriage. So I recently published an
episode called the plow horse in which I
argued that the ultimate purpose of
marriage was to harness a man's
productive labor to the benefit of a
particular woman. I compared the life of
a single man to a wild mustang and that
of a married man to a beast of burden.
If I'm correct and this is the true end
goal of marriage and not as some believe
some deviant aberration, then we are
presented with an obvious question,
namely, why do so many mustangs
willingly leave the open range for a
life in the
stables? The answer is simple but
unflattering. Not everyone is built for
the open range. Just like some horses
are better suited for the yoke than for
the wild, some men are absolutely better

[01:01]
the wild, some men are absolutely better
suited for marriage than for a life of
freedom. These men are happy in
marriage. They want nothing more in life
than to wake up, go to work, and come
straight home to their wife and kids.
Odd infinitum. This is the structure of
their lives. And narrow and confining as
it might seem to others, it is
preferable to a lack of structure
altogether, which is what these men
would face in the absence of their
marriages. This is actually
representative of a much deeper and
universal human problem.
Namely, people can't handle freedom. In
many places, especially America, we
consider freedom not only to be a
unilateral good, but one of the highest
goods to which people can obtain. It is
so valuable that it cannot be bought at
too steep a price. And yet, if that is
the case, why do we everywhere find
people in some sort of unfreedom?

[02:00]
people in some sort of unfreedom?
It might very well be that human beings
are not designed to handle the state of
freedom indefinitely. Too little freedom
wrankles and oppresses, but too much and
we seem to fly to pieces. The
alternatives seem to be hedonistic
debauchery or anomic depression, which
might actually be the same thing. Eric
from wrote an excellent book on this
subject called Escape from Freedom. In
it, he discusses all the various ways in
which modern man flies out of freedom
and its attendant insecurity and
uncertainty into forms of intellectual,
emotional, and spiritual slavery,
including most notably the adoption of
totalitarian
ideologies. To the human animal, pure
freedom is isolating and vertigenous.
That's why in Nietzech's thus spake
zerahustra the protagonist lives in a
cave at the top of a mountain. At such
heights the air is clean and bracing but

[03:03]
heights the air is clean and bracing but
life is cold and stark at elevation
which is why most people don't live
there. They live in the valley below.
The idea here is freedom is not a
condition people can long sustain.
Everyone needs structure, even
Zerahustra. The question is whether that
structure is going to be internally
extrapolated or externally
imposed. The former is the only way to
ensure that your life is actually
customtailored to your unique tastes,
preferences, and temperaments. However,
the only way to create that internally
extrapolated structure is to resist
adopting an externally imposed one long
enough to go through the difficulty and
expense of building such a structure for
yourself. And most people, for a variety
of reasons, are unwilling to do this.

[04:01]
of reasons, are unwilling to do this.
The majority of men are not going to
have the patience, the discipline, the
competence and the drive to build their
own internally extrapolated structures.
And since all men cannot long tolerate
freedom, this means that these men will
need to adopt an externally imposed
structure or risk being annihilated one
way or another. In this way, I think we
can consider that marriage is actually
useful to a lot of men in precisely the
same way that the army is actually
useful to a lot of men. It's kind of
strange to equate the two, but they're
more similar than we might think.
Consider the army. The army is a place
where young men who might not have any
purpose, direction, or self-discipline
can learn the value of service. can
learn to stand up straight, can learn to
be strong, can learn the importance of
sacrifice. They learn to get their lives

[05:00]
sacrifice. They learn to get their lives
in order, to go to bed at the same time
every day and wake up at the same time
every day and eat at the same time every
day. And they learn the necessity of
pushing through pain and discomfort in
the service of an overarching goal. They
learn about honor, teamwork, and
tradition. And they learn valuable
skills that can be useful both to their
unit and potentially to their larger
society. Sounds pretty good, huh? I
guarantee that the army is the best
thing that has ever happened to some
men. So why doesn't everyone
enlist? If you're interested in taking
your understanding to the next level, I
would encourage you to check out the
captain's quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.

[06:00]
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Well, first and foremost,
everyone doesn't enlist because that
isn't the whole story about the army.
But no recruiter is going to tell you
the whole story ahead of time.
Otherwise, you might make an informed
decision which will absolutely lead to
fewer recruitments. However, what is
more gerine to our present argument, we
can appreciate that everyone doesn't
enlist in the army because the army
isn't equally beneficial to all men. And
based on the good things the army is
presumed to provide, it's easy to deduce
the kind of man for whom the army would
be most beneficial. That is, if the army
provides purpose, discipline, and
competence, then it's obvious that the
army would be most beneficial to
purposeless, undisiplined, and
incompetent men. And the more
purposeless, undisiplined, and
incompetent the man, the more beneficial

[07:00]
incompetent the man, the more beneficial
the army would be.
However, men naturally vary with respect
to these and other dimensions. If you
were to take a man who has already gone
through the trouble and expense of
becoming purposeful, disciplined, and
competent, then not only will he find
the army less useful, but he may fail to
thrive in that environment as well. This
is because the very first thing that
would happen if such a man were to
enlist is that the army would go to work
tearing down his internally extrapolated
structure. There are no individual
structures in the army. There is only
the army's externally imposed structures
and this is what ideally allows the army
to operate as a unified machine toward a
common goal. It's also why I think the
army and the military in general is so
big on marriage. The two institutions
fundamentally operate under the same
principles, at least with respect to the
men involved. They're also both easy to

[08:00]
men involved. They're also both easy to
get into and hard to get out of. Now,
even if we were to pretend as a thought
experiment that the army is all good,
which it isn't, are we also going to
pretend that the army is the only way
that men can learn purpose, discipline,
and competence? Or to say the same thing
in a different way, are we going to
pretend that anyone who doesn't enlist
is purposeless, undisiplined, and
incompetent? Wouldn't that be a bit of a
stretch? However, this is too often how
people approach the institution of
marriage. Not only do marriage
apologists argue, like army recruiters,
that marriage is all good and only
beneficial to the individuals involved,
but also that anyone who refuses to
enlist is selfish, unhealthy, and afraid
of commitment. It's a rare individual
who would insist that everyone should
enlist in the army, but argue that maybe

[09:00]
enlist in the army, but argue that maybe
getting married isn't for everyone, and
people will look at you like you have
two heads.
Marriage, like the army, is best suited
for people who have not built an
internally extrapolated structure for
themselves. Like the army, marriage can
potentially teach a man good things.
Things like how to care for people other
than himself, how to share his resources
with others, how to listen, how to be
attentive, how to be reliable, and how
to sacrifice in the service of a higher
calling. Like these are all good things
for a man to learn. But marriage is not
the only [ __ ] way that men can learn
those things. Just like joining the
military isn't the only way for a man to
get a consistent bedtime. A marriage
will be more useful to a man the less he
has already learned to do these things
for
himself. What's more, if he has already
learned to do these things for himself,
he will have some suffering in store for
him in married life. Because just like

[10:00]
him in married life. Because just like
the army, there is no real place for an
internally extrapolated structure in
that institution that needs to be
dismantled and replaced with an
externally imposed structure in the
service of unified action. And who is to
say that the new externally imposed
structure is always better than the old
internally extrapolated structure? That
would be tantamount to arguing that the
army structure is the highest most
enlightened structure to which the human
being can obtain which I think we can
all agree is pretty
indefensible. Acting like marriage is
for everyone is like acting like the
army is for everyone. Both institutions
have specific structures that are useful
and valuable to the individuals involved
in direct proportion to the extent that
the individuals have not already
extrapolated those structures for
themselves. The man who is already

[11:00]
themselves. The man who is already
purposeful, disciplined, and competent
does not need the army.
By the same token, the man who is
already reliable, generous, and
self-trcendent does not need
marriage. Such a man is a mustang who
has learned to thrive on the open range.
He does not need a whip. He does not
need a harness. And he does not need to
be castrated. He is a healthy, vigorous,
and beautiful creature thriving in his
environment.
So men for you the question of marriage
is a question of
self-nowledge. How well can you handle
your freedom? Are you going to use it to
assume the responsibility of building an
internally extrapolated structure for
yourself which despite the difficulty
and expense is what I would recommend or
are you going to fly from that freedom
into an available externally imposed

[12:01]
into an available externally imposed
structure the army a marriage a religion
a political ideology a sports franchise
model trains or worst of all some form
of bad faith
neurosis. How do you propose to deal
with the problem of your own existence?
If you're in the latter camp, you might
be better served by choosing marriage
and learning to love your
yoke. Answering poorly or refusing to
answer at all does not absolve you from
the consequences of your
decision. What do you think? Does this
fit with your own experience? Let me
know in the comments below. And please
send this episode to someone who you
think might benefit from its message. I
know you know somebody out there who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like that that really
help to make this channel grow. Also,
anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write new
original content or to book a paid
one-on-one consultation with me can do
so on my website. There's also my book,

[13:01]
so on my website. There's also my book,
The Value of Others, in which I explore
my economic model of relationships, and
my member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I give bimonthly group
consultations and invited Q&As's with
guests from all over the internet. The
links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.