[00:00]
[Music]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is
delusional women. So the other day I had
the privilege of sitting down with Saudi
Khan on soft white underbelly. It was a
long time coming. We had been texting
for nearly 2 years before we were able
to make that happen. In any case, after
the talk, as I often do, I reviewed my
performance in my mind. And I think I
did a good enough job that day, but I
also spent the next couple of days
wishing I had responded differently to a
couple of questions. The wit of the
staircase, as the French say. So, this
episode is designed to supplement some
of the words I said in that interview
with respect to one issue in particular.
At one point, Mark asked us both whether
we thought that men or women were more
delusional. And Sadia was pretty
emphatic. She thought it was men who
were more delusional than women. And she
went on to talk about how a lot of her

[01:01]
went on to talk about how a lot of her
older wealthy male clients actually
believed that the young, pretty women
who were dating them loved them for who
they were and not their 70-year-old
money. And yeah, I would say that's a
form of delusion. And Saudia seems to
see that a lot, which has a lot to do
with the fact that she's working in
Dubai at her particular price point. And
I think she would freely concede that.
In any case, I've mentioned on this
channel that the most prevalent male
fantasy is the belief that men can be
loved for who they are and not for what
they do or the value they provide to
others. So definitely some alignment
there. Now, in the interview, I did push
back against this this idea that men are
more delusional than women, but I wish I
had pushed back more forcefully. I've
since given the question more thought,
and I'm now convinced that women are
actually far more delusional than men,
especially in today's day and age. Yes,
the delusion that Saudia mentioned is

[02:00]
the delusion that Saudia mentioned is
valid, but how many 70-year-old sugar
daddies are out there dating 23-year-old
gold diggers? Proportionally, this is a
very small subsection of the population,
which means that it's not a very common
problem. On the other hand, the delusion
that I'm going to lay out here affects
the average woman, and so it is a much
more prevalent and significant
issue. The delusion of the average woman
has been culturally reinforced in a
number of ways over the past 20 years.
All of the most popular content geared
toward women that has been produced in
the last two decades reinforces this
delusion. You see it in the Twilight
series. You see it in the Fifty Shades
of Gray series and many, many others.
The formula for all of these narratives
is functionally the same. A rather
normal and unassuming woman against all
reason or expectation and through no
real effort of her own becomes the

[03:00]
real effort of her own becomes the
object of a handsome, wealthy, powerful,
emotionally mysterious man's intense
obsessive desire. He is everything a
woman could possibly want and he not
only simply lays it at her feet, he
practically begs her to take it from
him. For some reason, this top
0.00001% of a man has decided to forego
all of the options that would be
available to him and to focus
exclusively on this average woman. And
of course, this averess is by design.
The protagonist kind of has to be
average so that the consumer, who is
also average, can more easily project
her identity onto the character and
experience the fantasy. If the character
were very very beautiful for instance
that is if she was the kind of woman
these types of men are interested in
accessing in real life it would be more
difficult for the average reader to see

[04:00]
difficult for the average reader to see
herself in the
protagonist. We also see this delusion
in the kind of Yas queen culture that
has sprung up over the past 10 or 15
years. You know what I'm talking about.
Girl, you are the prize and don't let
anyone tell you different. You deserve
the world. If a man doesn't recognize
your worth, that is if he doesn't give
you what you think you deserve, then you
have to cut him loose and move on. A
real man knows how to treat a queen,
etc., etc. Now, what has happened is
that the vast majority of women who by
definition are average now believe that
they deserve a significantly above
average man.
And there is absolutely no basis in
reality for this belief, which is what
makes this a particularly female
delusion. As I discuss at length in the
book, relationships are formed when
unequal goods of comparable value are

[05:00]
unequal goods of comparable value are
exchanged. If the value proposition is
too disperate, then no relationship is
formed. And we know that in general,
people tend to mate and date people of a
comparable sexual marketplace value and
attractiveness.
This does not happen in
reality. If you appreciate the insights
on this channel, I would highly
encourage you to get your hands on a
copy of my book, The Value of Others.
Over the course of 432 pages, I delve
deep into my economic model of
relationships and explain the behavior
of both men and women in the game of
mating and dating. I also provide a lot
of actionable advice on how to get and
keep more of what you want in the sexual
marketplace. Once you read The Value of
Others, you'll never look at
relationships the same way again. Now
available in ebook, audiobook, and
paperback formats. The links are in the

[06:00]
description. So, what's the upshot of
the reality of assortative dating? Easy.
Despite the fact that we normatively
assign the values of men and women
differently, we never see eights with
threes unless it's some kind of
disingenuous exploitative relationship.
But even the relationships that Sadia
was talking about might not be that. I
mean, she's hot and he's rich, so they
might be playing on comparable power
levels. The delusion would be to think
that the fact that he's rich has nothing
to do with why she's there or the fact
that she's hot has nothing to do with
why he's there. The delusion that I'm
talking about is a very serious problem
because there are far far more average
women than there are soft-headed
70-year-old men. And many of these women
might be forgoing satisfactory
relationship opportunities in favor of a
fantasy that has no basis in reality.
And the longer they attach themselves to

[07:01]
And the longer they attach themselves to
that fantasy, the less likely they're
ever going to secure a satisfactory
relationship in real life. And I get it.
A perfectly decent satisfactory
relationship isn't very sexy or
exciting. But wouldn't such a
relationship be better than no
relationship at all? I guess it's for
each person individually to decide for
him or herself. And that's the
non-rhetorical question that is being
asked every single day in the sexual
marketplace. Is it better to be alone
than to settle? And that presupposes
another question. What does it mean to
settle? Let's make this a bit more
concrete. I'll give you a practical
example of this delusion that I've
personally encountered in my dating
experience.
A while back, I once went out with a
woman who is probably situated between a
five and a six in terms of her NSMV. So,
nothing terrible, but also nothing
exceptional, just an average young

[08:01]
exceptional, just an average young
woman. And after our date, this woman
texted me a report card in which she
graded me on a number of dimensions.
Like, you almost have to respect the
nerve. And how did I score? Well, on a
scale of 0 to 10, this woman awarded me
a six for intelligence. So, in her eyes,
I was intellectually average, a three
for physical
attractiveness, so I'm about halfway
between hideous and normal, and a zero
for emotional intelligence, which means,
I don't know, I'm a robot or dead or
something. 0 36, which if you average
across the three dimensions, makes me a
three on average.
Now, I understand that I'm not
everyone's cup of tea, and that is
totally fine, but there is no
conceivable universe in which I am
objectively a three on a scale of 10.
Like, there is just no way. I

[09:01]
Like, there is just no way. I
was half a mind to simply dismiss this
as bad female flirting. But the same
woman who was an averagel looking woman
in her 30s went on to tell me that she
was saving herself for a man who was an
eight in all three of those
categories. It's like fair enough,
sweetheart, but you have to think if I'm
a
three, who do you think is going to be
an eight? Like who is that man? My
feelings aren't hurt. I'm legitimately
curious who this man is, and I'd like to
shake his hand. A three and an eight are
like four standard deviations away from
each other. In terms of intelligence,
that's the difference between real
intellectual disability, like the kind
that would get you disqualified from the
military and intellectual giftedness.
That is a huge contrast. Who is this guy
and where is she going to find him? And

[10:01]
and where is she going to find him? And
of course, on what reasonable basis can
a five or a six expect to catch the
attention of such a man, let alone enter
into an enduring relationship with him?
But that's the delusion that an ordinary
woman can secure a relationship with an
extraordinary man and that anything less
isn't worth her time. The average woman
wants the moon, but anyone in possession
of the moon is not gonna give it to an
average woman. Again, this was not a
21-year-old model or an Instagram baddy
with a million followers. This was a
perfectly average woman. Nothing
terrible, nothing wonderful. And this
woman is not unusual. I bet that almost
every man watching this video has
personally dealt with this very issue in
his own dating experience. In any case,
that's how I wish I had responded to
Saudia in that moment if I had had my
wits about me. Women are far more

[11:02]
wits about me. Women are far more
delusional than men these days, and that
delusion is pricing them out of the
sexual marketplace, which is directly
contributing to the overall decline in
relationships over the same
timeline. What do you think? Does this
fit with your own experience? Let me
know in the comments below. And please
send this episode to someone who you
think might benefit from its message.
You know, there's someone out there who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this. That really
helped to make the channel grow. Also,
anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter or to book a paid one-on-one
consultation with me can do so on my
website. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, in which I explore the
economic model of relationships, and my
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, in which I host bimonthly live
group consultations and Q&As with
invited guests. The links to everything
are in the description below. Check them
out. A lot of great value there. As
always, I appreciate your support and

[12:00]
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.