[00:00]
Yeah, I mean it the funny thing is we
have all these contradictions in terms
of what we consider to be valid. So if
you said it used to be the case that we
assume that depression or epilepsy was
the result of being possessed by an evil
spirit. I think it was King Saul who had
basically many interpretations of that
particular story in the Bible was that
he had depression. He had clinical
depression but then in the story of
course he was possessed by an evil
spirit. And so we we'll say, "Oh, that's
come on. Possessed by an evil spirit.
That's why you have depression. That's
ridiculous." But people will use phrases
like demons that I have to fight or and
so it's like how is one, you know, not
not that it's invalid. I'm just saying
it's kind of like we're like accepting
it's almost arbitrary. It's like why is
personal demons accepted but like
possessed by an evil spirit is scoffed
at. Mhm. I can see that. Well, here's
another to complicate that even further.
It's like we still kind of believe in
demons. We don't say demon, we say
depression. Now, when people say the

[01:00]
depression. Now, when people say the
explanation for demon possession is
incorrect, they'll say because show me a
demon. Like point to it. What's the
proof that demons exist? Like show me
some evidence in the existence of
demons. Like fair enough, right? But
show me some examples that depression
exists. Like it's ontologically an
entity that we can point to or it will
consistently show up in some sort of
scan. That's where we started this
conversation and said that is depression
right there. What we've done is we've
reified which means to make a thing out
of something that is an experience. It's
immaterial. But we've forgotten. We've
done that because we think that that's
objective and empirical versus the demon
is more of like symbolic or
metaphorical. Yeah. Yeah. But on some
level, the depression is kind of a
metaphor as well because it doesn't ha
it has just as much onlogical validity
as a demon. It is a way of talking about
an experience that makes sense to the
person that you're talking to. It
wouldn't make sense for me to talk about
demons anymore. It makes sense for me to
talk about depression. That doesn't
necessarily mean they're that different.