[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk
is I
did this is a very important thing to
understand if you don't believe in
yourself then it won't matter if every
other person in the world does and if
you do believe in yourself it won't
matter if every other person in the
world doesn't. It is your belief in your
own potential that makes 100% of the
difference with respect to what you
accomplish in life. Today, I'm going to
illustrate this with a particularly
satisfying example from my own life. But
just so it's not all about me, along the
way, I'm also going to explain why it is
that some women are mean to men who like
them. So, that's the hook to keep you
watching. Let's get to it. Many many
years ago, I completed my undergraduate
education at New York University's Tish

[01:01]
education at New York University's Tish
School of the Arts in an acting
conservatory there. And my first year of
college was really hard. Like in most
cultures, there is a definite status
hierarchy among actors. The people who
are cast as leads are generally higher
status than the people who are cast in
smaller roles who are generally higher
status than those who don't get cast at
all. And in an acting conservatory, your
social position is largely determined by
these outcomes. However, at NYU,
freshmen are prohibited from auditioning
for shows. In your first year, you're
just expected to acclimate and focus on
your training. And that kind of means
that during that first year, no one
really knows yet where they fit into the
social hierarchy, as this is revealed in
the crucible of competition. like it's
hard to know who is fastest before the
race is run, right? So, at this point, I
hadn't yet had a chance to show my
chops. I was also kind of a loner. I had

[02:01]
chops. I was also kind of a loner. I had
difficulty acclimating to New York. I
found it overwhelming. I didn't have
money or friends or a girlfriend. I
spent most of that first year just
trying to get through it as best I
could. That said, I was there because I
believed in myself. I was struggling,
but I knew I had it in me to be a
successful actor. And frankly, I was a
little surprised why that wasn't
immediately apparent to other people. In
any case, I didn't have any of the usual
signifiers of status, and I hadn't yet
been given the opportunity to
participate in open competition. So, it
was a tough
year. And to make matters worse, that
year, I developed a crush on a young
woman who was in the same program as me.
However, every time I went up to talk to
her, she was
real mean to me. Like viciously mean.
Mean to the point of being cruel.
Especially when I would speak to her in

[03:01]
Especially when I would speak to her in
front of other people. It was almost
like she was offended. She had to share
the same air as me. It was the vibe that
she was giving off. Now, this obviously
didn't make me feel good, but even more
than feeling hurt, I remember feeling
confused.
Like, I wasn't rude or aggressive or
inappropriate. Why was she behaving so
nastly? After all, I was just offering
to take her out to dinner, get to know
each other. So, what's with the
hostility? How was that justified? And
of course, I have since learned this
experience is hardly unique to me. It's
one that millions of men have passed
through and like me, it typically leaves
them scratching their heads. What is
going
on? Well, I can explain this to you. I
can explain why women can be hostile and
mean to men even in the absence of any
conceivable
provocation. It has to do with
differences in perceived status. Like,

[04:01]
differences in perceived status. Like,
it's not a coincidence that I began this
story by describing my circumstances
that first year of college. I had no way
to demonstrate my status in a public-f
facing way, just some confidence and a
belief in my own potential and I was
dealing with an attractive young woman
who had, let's say, a certain idea about
herself. So, in her mind, she was up
here and I was down here. And a woman
who is placed in that dynamic against
her will, who has that dynamic imposed
upon her, wants to get rid of that man
as quickly as possible.
And there's a reason for that. Remember,
women tend to mate and date up. They
don't mate and date down. So, if she
thinks that she's up here and he's down
there, and he thinks that she he still
has a shot with her, then she is going
to deduce one of two things. either A
that the guy is completely delusional
and/or doesn't understand how the game

[05:01]
and/or doesn't understand how the game
is played, neither of which make him an
attractive option, or B the man is
somehow communicating with his interest
that he believes that she is actually
down here, which is an insult to her ego
and
self-esteem. Higher status women tend to
receive lower status men's interest as
an insult.
as it implies that she is lower a status
than she believes herself to be. This is
why it is very important that they not
be seen with those men as status is
largely dependent on what is visible to
others. Rather, they would want to be
seen being courted by handsome and
attractive men as the latter's high
status interest would increase the
former's perceived sexual marketplace
value even further. And the fastest way
to get a man to leave you alone is to
hurt his feelings. Immature or low
character women are also more likely to
resort to cruelty for this purpose, but

[06:01]
resort to cruelty for this purpose, but
almost all women will resort to this
tactic if more subtle responses don't
work.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Now, as a guy who has
experienced this, it would be easy for
me to judge this kind of behavior
negatively from the place of my hurt
feelings. Like, who do these women think
they are? But to be honest, I actually
understand it. And I understand it
because I have been placed in a similar
dynamic in other aspects of my life.

[07:01]
dynamic in other aspects of my life.
Take my YouTube channel for instance.
I've worked very hard for years to build
my channel and grow my audience by
pouring my heart and soul, my wisdom and
experience into these episodes. This
effort has paid off in a number of ways,
and I'm extremely grateful, like
extremely grateful for the opportunity
this success has
brought. By the same token, every day I
now get propositioned by people who
started a podcast last week, have 12
subscribers, and want to do a
collaboration with me.
Now, I'm not easily insulted, but I can
certainly understand how someone else
might find that proposal
insulting. And why is that? Because
either A, these folks are delusional and
or don't understand how the game is
played, or B, they are communicating
with their interest that they believe
I'm on par with their uncle Ted, who

[08:01]
I'm on par with their uncle Ted, who
they interviewed last week.
I know it's not a good look to talk like
this, but this is how the world works,
guys. If I show up on every two-bit
podcast with a dozen followers, I'm
going to significantly dilute the impact
of my message, which is at cross
purposes with my mission and everything
I've worked for for years. What's more,
a collaboration would disproportionately
benefit the other party. Like, what
would I have to gain from such a
partnership? As I discuss in my book,
relationships are only formed when
unequal goods of comparable value are
exchanged. If the proposed values are
too disperate, then the transaction, if
it occurs at all, becomes a form of
charity, not a real
relationship. And while I definitely
don't respond to these proposals with
cruelty or malice, I I typically don't
respond at all. This is the same
underlying dynamic that occurs when a
low status man propositions a high
status woman. It's like shoot your shot,
man, but don't be surprised or insulted

[09:01]
man, but don't be surprised or insulted
if you don't really get anywhere. That's
feedback into your marketing, your
perceived value, or both. In any case,
let's return to my story. Starting my
sophomore year, I was finally allowed to
audition for shows, and I started to
land leading roles in increasingly
high-profile productions. Doors began to
open. One thing led to another, and this
ultimately culminated in getting cast as
the lead in the schoolwide mainstage
production my senior year. This would be
equivalent to playing first violin at
Giuliard.
As I
remember, as the news began to spread,
the woman I mentioned earlier, the same
woman who was nasty to me all those
years ago, came up to me and said,
"Wow, you're the lead in the main
stage, huh? Who would have thought you
would get so
far?" And I looked that woman dead in

[10:00]
far?" And I looked that woman dead in
the eye and I
said, "I
did." and I walk the [ __ ]
away. Now, besides being one of the more
satisfying mic drops of my personal
life, it illustrates the principle I
mentioned at the top of this episode. I
believed in myself. I knew what I could
do even when no one else did. And this
is to be
expected. Listen to me carefully. No one
can see your [ __ ] potential. It is
completely invisible to the outside
world. The rest of humanity can only see
your results. However, you need to be
able to see your own potential in order
to make it through the trouble and the
difficulty and the expense of generating
those results by competing successfully
in the various arenas of life. And this
is why you need to be very honest with
yourself about who you are, where your
talents lie, and what you can and cannot

[11:02]
talents lie, and what you can and cannot
do. This will increase the likelihood
that you can go allin on races you can
actually win which will help prevent you
from becoming a burned out also ran. You
will need to believe in yourself because
no one else will for a very very long
time. Again take my YouTube channel. For
the first couple years, I was putting
out four episodes a week, and it was 10
views, two likes, and the only comment
was, "Your microphone sucks, dude." And
it's not like my friends and family were
calling me up on the regulars telling
me, "Hang in there, Orion. I know you
can do it. I believe in you." In fact,
many of these people might have secretly
wanted me to fail. As the success of a
peer is an affront to the vanity of
others.
My point is, don't expect support from
anybody. The reason you're not
succeeding is not because other people

[12:00]
succeeding is not because other people
don't believe in you. No one believes in
you, but that wouldn't matter if you
did. So, what do you say? Do you believe
in yourself? Let me know in the comments
below. And if you got your own special
mic drop anecdote, you can write it down
there, too. Please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. You can also join
my free weekly newsletter or book a
one-on-one paid consultation with yours
truly on my website. There's also my
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore the underlying dynamics of
relationships and my member community,
The Captain's Quarters, where I host
bimonthly group consultations, among
other things. The links to everything
are in the description below. Check them
out. a lot of great value in those
resources. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.