[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is the
irresponsible man. So in this episode,
I'm going to be responding to the most
common criticism I've heard in response
to a man's decision to not get married
or have children. The criticism is
fundamentally that the decision is
inherently selfish. A bachelor is a man
who hoards wealth for himself, which is
greedy, miserly, and antisocial. He also
must be immature, a perpetual manchild
who is afraid of commitment and eager to
escape real responsibility. Finally, he
must be deluded as life without a family
is devoid of meaning, purpose, and
legacy. Literally, nothing is more
valuable and important than this. So, a
man who chooses to forego it is as
foolish as a man who prefers three brass
rings to a single gold

[01:01]
rings to a single gold
coin. I have received this exact
criticism many times over the course of
my adulthood. In fact, it is often
offered in far more judgmental and
antagonistic language than I have
presented it here. In any case, I'm
going to respond to this criticism with
my most persuasive counterarguments.
Let's get to it.
First and foremost, I think it's
important to decouple a couple of
things. It's like, yes, I believe that
marriage and parenthood can provide men
with meaning and maturity and legacy and
purpose. However, it is clearly not the
only way to achieve those things. In
fact, there are many other ways that men
can create a lasting legacy for
themselves, can maturely assume
responsibility, and can imbue their
lives with meaning and purpose that
don't involve
reproduction. What's more, it seems just
as obvious that marriage and parenthood

[02:01]
as obvious that marriage and parenthood
don't always and inevitably provide men
with these things. Just look around. The
world is full of people raised by
deadbeat parents. People who were given
the opportunity to assume responsibility
and did not. Likewise, the world is full
of people who receive very little in
terms of a legacy from their parents.
And I'm not saying this in terms of a
monetary inheritance. I'm saying that
they learned very little from their
parents in terms of wisdom or knowledge
or even practical skill. People aren't
particularly rich in these attributes in
general and parents are not some special
exception. Finally, the world is full of
people who became the meaning of their
parents' lives. Lives which were
otherwise devoid of purpose. And that is
a role that children neither ask for nor
possess the ability to discharge. Take

[03:01]
possess the ability to discharge. Take
my word for it. A child who
unconsciously becomes the vessel for his
parents' unlived lives is a therapy
patient waiting to
happen. All right. So, at this point,
we're more or less forced to admit that
marriage and parenthood are not the only
ways to secure meaning, maturity,
legacy, and purpose. And that meaning,
maturity, legacy, and purpose do not
always attend marriage and parenthood.
So we have to concede that these two
groups, the institutions on the one hand
and the values on the other are
functionally
independent. Sometimes they go together
and sometimes they don't, which isn't an
entirely reassuring
observation. So why do so many people
act as if marriage and parenthood are
the beall endall for individual growth
and fulfillment? It's actually very
simple. It's because they are ordinary

[04:00]
simple. It's because they are ordinary
conventional people. And ordinary
conventional people among other things
lack initiative and
imagination. Case in point, ask these
same people, the same people who
criticize bachelors, a simple question.
How should I make money? How should I
make money? And I'll bet you dollars to
donuts that 99 out of a hundred will
tell you get a job. Ordinary people are
employees and because they have an
employee mentality, they literally
cannot imagine another way of making
money other than a job. And they're
afraid they'll die penniless in some
god-for-saken gutter without one. Make
no mistake, the people who tell you to
get a job to make money are the same
people who are going to tell you to get
married to grow up. And in my opinion,
ordinary conventional people are about
as equipped to give good financial

[05:00]
as equipped to give good financial
advice as they are to hold forth on
purpose and meaning. It's not very nice
to say, but the average person has about
as much fulfillment as he has money,
which is to say not very much of either.
So what is his take on these topics
really worth?
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the
description. Now, we can't get rid of

[06:01]
description. Now, we can't get rid of
jobs because the majority of people are
ordinary and conventional, and how else
are ordinary and conventional people
going to make a living? But let me ask
you a question of my own. Are the most
financially successful people you know
employees? You already know the answer.
The richest people are not employees.
They are investors and entrepreneurs.
They are people of initiative and
imagination. However, if you start
talking to the average person about side
hustles and passive income and capital
gains, you're going to get a lot of
mused reactions. There are plenty of
ways to make money without being an
employee, but you'll be talking right
above their pay grade. They literally
will not understand what you are talking
about and why it would matter to them
anyway, which is unfortunately one of
the reasons the poor stay
poor. The same people who cannot imagine
a way to make money without a job are

[07:01]
a way to make money without a job are
the same people who cannot imagine a way
to secure meaning, maturity, legacy, and
purpose without marriage and parenthood.
And if you think about it, this is
actually a very strange position as it's
functionally arguing that lost,
immature, poor, and purposeless people
should become parents in much the same
way they argue that broke people should
get a
job. And that sounds at best like a
pretty risky gamble. Like we typically
don't hire people without relevant
skills or experience, especially for
important roles, with the expectation
that the demands of the role will
somehow prompt them to rise to the
occasion. By the same token, people
don't suddenly become emotionally mature
and responsible when they become
parents. Sometimes they do, but I would
argue just as often they don't.
In fact, it's difficult to argue against

[08:02]
In fact, it's difficult to argue against
the perspective that maybe maybe I don't
know maybe we'll have better outcomes
all around if people intentionally
choose to start a family once you know
they feel sufficiently mature and
responsible for the
task which of course presumes that there
are ways of becoming mature and
responsible without marriage and
children. Otherwise, we're functionally
arguing for a kind of marital
conscription, which is at cross purposes
with the marriage vow as a freely chosen
oath, to put it
mildly. Just like there are many, many
ways to make money without a job, there
are many, many ways to create meaning,
legacy, and purpose without children.
However, in both cases, these ways
require initiative and
imagination, which is why they are
incomprehensible to the average person.
Marriage and children will remain, for
lack of a better word, the communist
pathway to meaning and purpose in that

[09:03]
pathway to meaning and purpose in that
it is well within the reach of the vast
majority of humanity.
After all, it costs about a hundred
bucks to get a marriage license and
absolutely nothing to make a baby.
Though to be sure, it's typically
expensive to raise one. And just like it
is far more difficult to say start your
own company than it is to get a job, it
is far more difficult to assume
responsibility for your own purpose and
legacy than it is to start a family.
which is why people don't start
companies or assume personal
responsibility for these
things. What do you think? Does this fit
with your own experience? Let me know in
the comments below. How did I do? And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its message
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really helped make the
channel grow. You can also sign up for
my free weekly newsletter or book a
one-on-one paid consultation with yours
truly by signing up on my website.

[10:00]
truly by signing up on my website.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I unpack the hidden
dynamics of interexual relationships,
and my member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&A sessions with
invited guests. The links to everything
are in the description below. Please
check them out. A lot of great value in
those resources. As always, I appreciate
your support and thank you for
listening.