[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is no
one is coming to save you. That's right,
guys. The cavalry isn't coming. This is
it. You are the one that you've been
waiting for. No one is going to swoop in
and give you the life that you feel you
deserve. Not me, not your parents, not
your therapist, not your priests, not
your guru, and absolutely not some
woman. And the sooner you figure that
out, the sooner your life will start to
improve. Time to take some
medicine. If you are listening to this
content, then you are old enough to
assume complete responsibility for the
present conditions and future direction
of your life. Trust me, this is for the
best. As I've mentioned previously, the
definition of responsibility is the
ability to respond. And who is able to

[01:01]
ability to respond. And who is able to
respond to the conditions of your life?
You guessed it, you, [ __ ] If
your job sucks and women won't date you
and you got no friends and life seems
like an intolerable burden, then who
resides at the center, at the nexus of
all those converging issues? That's
right, you, [ __ ] You are the
common denominator in all of your
problems. And if no one has told you
recently, allow me to remind you this is
not a coincidence. Your problems are
precisely your problems because you
continue to show up both to yourself and
others in ways that run counter to
successful
outcomes. Do you think you can play the
game however you want and still win?
Like how old are you? Where the [ __ ] is
that written? What kind of narcissistic
grandiosity is that? If you violate the

[02:01]
grandiosity is that? If you violate the
rules of any game, then play cannot
continue. If you have no overarching
strategy, then victory will be a
serendipitous and uncommon outcome. And
if you do not train, then you will not
improve. This is as true for money and
women and happiness as it is for boxing
and football and chess. And of course,
it makes no difference to your outcomes
whether I violate the rules or not, or
have an overarching strategy or not, or
train or not. I will suffer the
consequences and reap the benefits of my
action and inaction. This is inescapable
and on some level you have no right to
deprive me of either. We would certainly
consider it unjust. If after working
overtime to accomplish some important
goal, you were to steal my bonus from

[03:00]
goal, you were to steal my bonus from
me.
That outcome was the consequence of my
good action. It was my due. By the same
token, though, it is also unjust if
after slacking off and behaving
insubordinately, you were to try to
prevent me from getting fired. That
outcome was the consequence of my poor
action. It was my do as well. Never,
never stand between a person and the
consequences of their actions. doing so
is a form of theft one way or
another. And if this is true for me, it
is true for you. This is why I like to
remind my patients from time to time
that I get paid either way. Like, why
should I care more than you whether you
succeed? It's not like I'm going to get
a bonus if your life gets better. I
don't get to experience the benefits of
your loving relationship or your healthy
sense of self. you do. By the same

[04:00]
sense of self. you do. By the same
token, why should I care more than you
whether you fail? I don't suffer the
secret misery of your self-hatred or the
helpless frustration of your victimhood.
You
do. Just like I'm not going to take
credit for your success, I'm also not
going to take responsibility for your
failure. That's the agreement.
Everything else is [ __ ] And it
might be useful for you to examine to
what extent you want to continue to
credit yourself for your successes while
simultaneously holding others
responsible for your failures. You can't
have it both ways. And trust me, it will
be better for you if you take possession
of both than to deny the ownership of
either. Not only can no one else improve
your life except you, no one else will
experience the consequences of your
actions and inactions except you as

[05:00]
actions and inactions except you as
well. This is why your life is your
responsibility. If you're interested in
taking your understanding to the next
level, I would encourage you to check
out the Captain's Quarters, my
membersonly self-improvement community.
Your monthly membership will get you
access to a cadre of like-minded,
supportive individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Now, people are subject to
slipping into a victim mentality and
wallowing in resentment and self-pity.
However, no one can move forward while
in the place of a victim. You cannot
progress if you remain the object of
other people's malevolence. And people
are malevolent or at least they can be.
They are disappointing and selfish at

[06:00]
They are disappointing and selfish at
best and envious and sadistic at worst.
People can hurt you both intentionally
and unintentionally as you move through
the world. This is inescapable.
However, you can only move forward if
you become the subject of your own
life's story, which includes assuming
responsibility for the circumstances and
conditions of your existence,
irrespective of what has happened to
you. This is important. Irrespective of
what has happened to you means there are
no exceptions. No matter the betrayal or
the neglect or the injustice or the
cruelty that you experienced, you assume
responsibility for the circumstances and
conditions created by this
treatment. This is radical
accountability and it will accelerate
your growth
significantly. Indeed, the more you
assume responsibility, the faster your

[07:01]
assume responsibility, the faster your
life will improve. There is a direct and
unbreakable relationship between the
two. Take responsibility for what has
happened to you and notice what
happens. Over the course of my life,
I've suffered a number of betrayals at
the hands of friends, family, and
lovers. For years, my head was full of
ideas on how they should have behaved,
how they should have treated me. And
those ideas filled my heart with pain
and resentment. It wasn't good for me,
chat. And it wasn't until I had a long
hard talk with the man in the mirror
that I was able to start to liberate
myself from that emotional prison.
Because after all, whose [ __ ]
decision was it to trust those people?
Who chose those friends or committed to
those lovers? Even in the case of family
who continued to make an effort to
maintain those
relationships, it was me who did those

[08:01]
relationships, it was me who did those
things. I chose to become friends with
people who couldn't reciprocate my
friendship, which was a very stupid
thing for me to do. I committed to
lovers who weren't able to remain loyal.
I continued to maintain a one-sided
relationships with family members. No
one forced me to bring these people into
my life. In fact, in most cases, I
worked very hard to get and keep them in
it. It was all my fault, which was an
incredible revelation because if I could
make bad choices that contributed to my
suffering, it meant that I could make
better choices to alleviate that same
suffering as well. I had the ability to
respond to those conditions. I didn't
simply have to continue on as I always
had, nor did I have to wait for anyone's
permission to make changes. The license
to do so always ever resided in
me. Assuming radical responsibility, the

[09:03]
me. Assuming radical responsibility, the
attitude that everything that happens to
you, for good or for bad, is your fault,
is one of the most effective means of
self-development that you have at your
disposal. It will motivate you to seek
out actionable lessons to change your
behavior so that it is more aligned with
reality moving forward. There are ways
to become financially successful. There
are ways to have more satisfying
relationships. There are ways to have a
strong and healthy body. There are ways
to feel happy and contented. There are
ways to do all of these things. And if
you act counter to these ways, then you
are likely going to suffer. But you are
certainly not going to achieve the
outcome you desire. In which case, it
would be better to either surrender the
frustrating desire, which is hard to do,
or bring your behavior more in line with
reality, which is also hard to do, but
which at least holds out the possibility

[10:00]
which at least holds out the possibility
of
success. Again, no one is coming to save
you, my dudes. You are your own cavalry.
assume absolute responsibility for your
life and see what happens. You can start
right now, right where you are. You
don't have to read a book. You don't
have to save up money. You don't have to
relocate to some other part of the
world. You can start today with what you
currently have because what you have and
have always had is the ability to
respond the conditions of your life. All
you're doing, like an errant prince, is
ascending to your power in a conscious
and intentional
way. What do you think? Does this fit
with your own experience? Let me know in
the comments below. Tell me how you have
taken control and responsibility of your
own life. And please send this episode
to someone who you think might benefit
from its message. I know you're thinking
of somebody when you're listening to
this because it's word of mouth

[11:00]
this because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter or book a paid consultation
can do so on my website. There's also my
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore my economic model of
relationships and my member community,
The Captain's Quarters, in which I give
bimonthly live group consultation
sessions and Q&As with invited guests.
Links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out. A lot
of great value there. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.