[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax better living through psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
stop short or go long. So over the
course of my career I've spoken with
thousands of people about their
relationships. And while many of these
folks were in some form of crisis, a
sizable minority of this sample were in
intact relationships. In learning about
the stories of these couples, I've
noticed some commonalities with respect
to when relationships, especially
long-term relationships like marriage,
tend to succeed. And I'm going to share
those observations with you
today. As far as I can tell, there are
really only two ways for relationships
to go the distance, especially in
today's day and age. You can either stop
short or you can go long. Those are the
two pathways. Stop short or go long.
It's the folks in the middle who

[01:02]
It's the folks in the middle who
unfortunately constitute a majority of
people in the contemporary sexual
marketplace who tend to struggle. I'm
going to explain what I mean using an
extended metaphor and then bring it back
to relationships more concretely at the
end of the episode. Okay. So consider
this. Let's imagine that you grew up in
a small town like New Salem, North
Dakota, population
958. It's in the middle of nowhere.
Maybe there's a gas station. Maybe there
is a mom and pop diner, but there is
nothing else going on. Just a spattering
of houses on the cold and empty plane.
And now let's imagine that after
graduating high school, you moved to
Fargo, the largest city in the state.
Population 125,000 souls. You're now in
the biggest city you've ever been to in

[02:02]
the biggest city you've ever been to in
your entire life. And you may be
overwhelmed by the contrast with your
hometown. In any case, it's like a whole
world has just opened up to you. After
all, there is just so much going on in
Fargo. There's a movie theater and a
Cold Stone crearyy and an Abberrobi
store, shops and bars and restaurants
galore. There is so much to do and so
many people to do it with. And in this
revelation, you become smitten with
Fargo, North Dakota. And you say to
yourself, "Wow, I love it here. I'm
never going back home. this place has
everything I need and I'm happy
here. Now, if that's the case, and it
will be for some people, then one of the
best things you could possibly do is buy
a house in Fargo and never [ __ ]
leave. Like, never ever ever. Make some

[03:04]
leave. Like, never ever ever. Make some
friends in your community. Meet a nice
boy or girl in your local church. Start
a little garden. Make some babies. And
let the wicked world turn. You hear what
I'm saying? Don't worry about what's
over the horizon. Just enjoy your little
life. This is stop short. Because what
will happen if you continue past this
point? In most cases, the exploration is
tentative at first. For instance, let's
say that after staying in Fargo for a
while, you're sent to New York City for
a month as part of your job, and this
just blows the top off of your reality.
I thought Fargo was big. Holy [ __ ] this
place is incredible. They have so many
different kinds of people and so many
different kinds of food and so much to
do and so much to experience. And
because you're not really living in New
York, you're more like a glorified
tourist, you experience a lot of the

[04:00]
tourist, you experience a lot of the
upside and not a lot of the downside of
living in that place. You go to Broadway
shows and Central Park, maybe even have
a fling with a charming and worldly
Paramore. And then after 4 weeks of high
living, you go back to Fargo, North
Dakota. What do you think is going to
happen? Now, if you're not careful, you
might spend the rest of your life
romanticizing those four weeks you spent
in New York City. The excitement, the
culture, the sophistication, the
impressiveness of it all. New York might
become the greatest city in the world
for you. And if it does, it might be
very difficult for you to truly enjoy
Fargo from that day forward. In fact,
you might end up pretty down on Fargo by
comparison. I can't believe I thought
this [ __ ] kicker backwater village was
the place to be. That said, most likely
you might like Fargo, but in your heart
of hearts, you might always be dreaming

[05:02]
of hearts, you might always be dreaming
of the Big
Apple. But why stop there? Maybe a few
years later, you start traveling
internationally as part of your
business. Now you're taking a few
intercontinental flights a year. Rio,
Paris, Perth, Cairo. For the first time,
you're experiencing life outside the
United States. And it's opened your eyes
to how parochial many of your values and
perspectives have been. You begin to
feel much less tied to Fargo,
irrespective of your situation back
home. And you're beginning to wonder,
maybe I don't need to stay in North
Dakota. Maybe I don't even need to stay
in America.
Maybe I could live anywhere in the
world. And if that's true, where would
be the best place for me to
live? At this point, settling down in
Fargo is probably out of the question.

[06:00]
Fargo is probably out of the question.
The memories of what you've seen and
experienced would probably haunt you for
the rest of your life. You've cracked
open a door.
You know that there is literally an
entire other world on the other side of
it, but you haven't yet thoroughly
explored it. What's more, you've had the
experience of being wrong. After all,
you used to think that Fargo was the
most impressive city that you've ever
seen. So, who's to say whether you
wouldn't be wrong the next time you feel
that way about a place?
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you

[07:00]
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the
description. Now, if you've come this
far, you don't have much of a choice but
to keep going. Become a citizen of the
world. Go to all the continents. Go to
scores of countries, hundreds of cities.
experience Muslim cultures and Buddhist
cultures and Christian cultures and
primitive cultures. See the first world,
the third world, and everything in
between. This is go
long. And once you've been to hundreds
and hundreds of places, you'll finally
be in a position to more or less
objectively judge the virtues of any
given location. While you won't have
seen it all, you'll have a pretty good
idea about what's out there. You'll be
able to look at a place like Fargo,
North Dakota, and say as a city, it's

[08:03]
North Dakota, and say as a city, it's
probably a 3.6. Not a lot of culture or
opportunity there, but you can drink the
tap water and won't get stabbed in the
streets. If you're a Midwesterner with
small town values, but don't want to
live in a strictly rural environment, it
could be a good choice. You would be
even-handed. You'd understand that every
place has its benefits and liabilities,
and you'd likely have amassed enough
accurate self-nowledge to know what
might be a good fit for you personally.
You could see Fargo clearly, but only
after going to hundreds and hundreds of
places. Now, at this stage of the game,
if you found a place that you really
loved, say Osaka, Japan, you could
actually be very confident in your
decision to settle there. Well, there
will always be plenty of places you've
never been to. The fact that you like
Osaka better than any of the hundreds of

[09:02]
Osaka better than any of the hundreds of
places you've already visited in your
life makes it very unlikely that you'll
prefer any new new destination to Osaka.
The probability isn't zero. It's never
zero, but it's very very small. And as a
result, you can feel rather confident in
your choice of habitation. So those are
the two options. You can either stop
short and settle in Fargo or go long and
end up in Osaka after years and years of
searching. Objectively speaking, it
would be extraordinarily rare if Fargo
was the best fit or even a good fit for
you. But because you will have stopped
short, you won't ever know that. And you
might be able to make do with what you
have, especially if you never seriously
investigated what you might be missing
out on.
On the other hand, you could be very
confident in your choice of Osaka, but

[10:00]
confident in your choice of Osaka, but
it will likely have taken years of
uncertain wandering and the considerable
expense that such a life entails before
reaching that
conviction. In any case, those are the
two pathways to a successful
relationship. Stop short or go long. The
first category, the ones who stop short,
tend to marry like their high school
sweethearts. They don't date around.
They have little if any previous
relationship experience. And they get
off social media, put on blinders, and
live their little lives. It probably
won't be the best relationship for
either of them, but they won't know
that. And there is often enough there to
make it work if there's a
willingness. On the other hand, those in
the second category, the ones who go
long, can have the most satisfying
relationships. But this often only comes
after years of frustrations,
heartbreaks, and disappointments.
They've learned to see what lies beyond

[11:01]
They've learned to see what lies beyond
the parochial view of love and marriage.
With all the initial confusion and
culture shock this likely entailed,
these folks often arrive at a fairly
objective perspective on relationships
and coupled with accurate self-nowledge
can make confident decisions about what
kind of arrangements and partners would
constitute goodness of fit for
them. But everything in between these
two is really tricky. It's the
equivalent of seeing a little of the
world while remaining stuck in North
Dakota. They can't unsee what they have
seen or forget what they have
experienced. And that memory will form
the basis of comparison, albeit a skewed
one, that will rob them of much of the
joy and contentment they might otherwise
have felt about
Fargo. It's also important to understand
that in a given relationship, both
partners needn't have done the same

[12:00]
partners needn't have done the same
thing. like both could stop short and
both could go long, but it can also be
the case that one person stops short and
the other person goes long. And in my
estimation, this is probably the best
arrangement for a long-term
relationship, provided it's the woman
who stopped short and it's the man who
went
long. The woman won't have a basis of
comparison. She won't have had a number
of previous relationships that may
impede her ability to experience
complete joy and contentment with her
current partner. And this is very
important to the long-term stability of
any relationship as women are much more
likely than men to stay or leave a
relationship for emotional
reasons. On the other hand, the man may
have gotten the exploration largely out
of his system. As a result, he's much
more likely to value what he has with
his current partner, who almost by

[13:01]
his current partner, who almost by
definition would represent a very high
goodness of fit. And he's much less
likely to blow up the arrangement in
some kind of midlife crisis of erupting
desire. After all, he's been around the
world, and he knows what else is out
there. The point is that exploration is
not as risk-free as many people believe.
If you don't explore enough, you might
forever be comparing your situation to
some magic summer in your past or end up
perpetually dissatisfied because you've
experienced a little bit of what you're
currently missing. In my experience, a
stop short woman and a goong man have
the best overall chances of succeeding
long term. What do you think? Does this
fit with your own experience? Let me
know in the comments below. And please
send this episode to someone who you
think might benefit from its message
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the

[14:01]
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter, I write original
content for that every week, or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly, can do so on my website. There's
also my book, The Value of Others, in
which I go into the economic model of
sexual relationships, and my member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly live group consultation
calls. The links to everything are in
the description below. Check them out. A
lot of great resources at your disposal.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.