[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is all I
want. Well, all I want is a rich,
handsome, loyal man who spoils me but
knows how to stand up to my nonsense.
Who is as comfortable staying in and
watching Netflix as he is going out on
the town, who is spontaneous and willing
to take trips at a moment's notice, but
who makes me feel safe and protected in
his arms because he's so reliable.
Someone who is my rock, but who is
always down to rock my world. My partner
in crime, my better half, my missing
piece. Well, all I want is a woman who
can be my partner, my intellectual
equal. Of course, she needs to be
attractive. I mean, that goes without
saying. Someone who can meet me
sexually, but who isn't too horish about
it. We'll have a small family on a
ranch, so it would be great if she loves
kids and knows how to slaughter a pig

[01:00]
kids and knows how to slaughter a pig
while remotely running a seven-figure
company in our spare time. We'll
continue to push ourselves to grow and
learn and explore, but we'll also never
forget our relationship is based on a
foundation of shared values and mutual
friendship. Bonus points if she's into
rock climbing and Call of Duty. Guys and
gals, does this sound familiar?
If so, this is why you suck at dating.
This is why you're single and lonely.
This is why you're paired up in
unfulfilling, conflictual relationships.
You want too goddamn much. You want too
much. All I want. And then you rattle
off 20 independent and often mutually
exclusive criteria. Is it really too
much to ask that a man? Yeah. Yeah, it
really is. Well, why is it so hard to
find a girl? Because you want a
unicorn, man. And news flash, unicorns

[02:01]
unicorn, man. And news flash, unicorns
do not exist. Think about it this way.
Imagine you and I are having a friendly
conversation. I'm currently unemployed
and looking for work. And when out of
your concern, you ask me how things are
going, I respond, "Not great, man. I
mean, all I want is a high-paying, low
stress, personally rewarding job. Like,
is that really too much to ask? That's
just three
things. Why is it so hard to find? Like,
how much sympathy would you have for me
at that point? Only one person in a
million has a highpaying, low stress,
personally rewarding job. Like for all
intents and purposes, those jobs do not
exist, and they're certainly not
advertised. If a job is highpaying and
personally rewarding, it's going to be
stressful. A lot of people are going to
have high expectations about your
performance. If it's high-paying and low

[03:01]
performance. If it's high-paying and low
stress, it's not going to be personally
rewarding. No one dreams about flipping
luxury goods in geoarbitrageed markets
when they grow up. And if it's low
stress and personally rewarding, it's
not going to be high paying. You're not
going to pull in six figures working for
Habitat for
Humanity. In a job, people are extremely
fortunate to get two things that they
want, but when it comes to their sexual
relationships, they somehow have no
problem demanding 20. This is insane, as
I discuss in my book. and is expensive.
It is a statistical inevitability. Every
time you say and, you're multiplying
probabilities, which according to the
immutable laws of mathematics makes the
product smaller. And when something is
rarer, it tends to be more expensive to
find and more expensive to keep. Most

[04:02]
find and more expensive to keep. Most
people could not afford to keep a
Siberian tiger in their backyard, but
somehow they believe they could maintain
a Pegasus. This is some Jurassic Park
And we all know how that story
ended. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the
fundamental conditions of happiness is
wanting what is
possible, wanting what is
impossible. and you sign yourself up for
frustration, misery, and despair. What's
more, when you go to the dating pool in
general, or a specific person in
particular, with an impossible list of
criteria, you are much more likely to
blame the dating pool in general or the
specific person in particular for your
frustration, misery, and despair than
your own impossible desires.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly

[05:01]
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
hope to see you
aboard. So, what's the
solution? Want fewer things and if
possible, get more of your needs met in
other relationships. Often times, a
commitment to a long list of criteria is
based on ignorance or delusion. Like,
you just don't understand what the
market has to offer. I hate to break it
to you, but there are no inexpensive
lakefront properties. So sorry. And
really it should take like an afternoon
of searching to figure that out. So
persisting in a belief to the contrary
must be based on willful ignorance and

[06:00]
must be based on willful ignorance and
self delusion. Like people have to
actively protect themselves from
exposure to disisconfirming evidence
which trust me people absolutely do.
However, long criteria lists can also be
based on anxiety. The tendency to
optimize is actually a form of
perfectionism. And perfectionism has
long been known to be a coping strategy
for managing anxiety. It is a futile,
ineffective strategy for managing
anxiety, but that doesn't stop anxious
people from using it. A long list of
criteria can either be a way of
disqualifying a person you wouldn't
choose
anyway. If only she did this, I'd marry
her in a heartbeat. Or a socially
acceptable way of saying that you're not
ready for a
relationship. No, Mom. It's not that I'm
not ready for marriage. It's that there
are no good men
around. Pout. However, when good is
actually shorthand for 18 different

[07:01]
actually shorthand for 18 different
unrelated criteria, then listen to me,
men are not the
problem. Remember, getting three things
in a job is functionally impossible. So,
how bad do you need the money? People
with trust funds can afford to be picky,
but they're probably not looking for
jobs, are they? What does your bank
account look like? By the same token,
there are certain things that you can
only get from a sexual relationship. So,
how bad do you need those things? Be
honest with yourself. What do your
timeline and optionality look like? How
picky can you afford to
be? It's also important to examine why
you want what you want. Not in the sense
of what is the ultimate origin of my
desire but in the sense of what will the
fulfillment of these desires
accomplish. Relationships should serve a
purpose. They should help you move in

[08:01]
purpose. They should help you move in
the direction of a concrete realizable
goal irrespective of whether that goal
is raising healthy children over a
lifetime or blowing off some steam on a
Friday night. The goal should be
concrete and realizable. Because if it's
not concrete, how do you measure your
progress toward it? How do you even know
if you've achieved it? And if it's not
realizable, then what are you even
doing? Like, you're barking up the wrong
tree, amigo. You're wasting your time
and your energy and your money and your
opportunity, all of which you have in
limited quantities.
Go after things that you can get and
enter into relationships with people who
have the skills, the temperament, and
the willingness to help you get them.
Otherwise, you are on the path of pain.
It is not possible to live a contented
life if you want what is
impossible. Period. People who refuse to

[09:02]
impossible. Period. People who refuse to
surrender their desires, irrespective of
whether their desires are realizable,
people who instead insist that the
desires should be realizable despite all
evidence to the contrary, are generally
not very happy and not very peaceful,
which also makes them terrible long-term
partners. Something to keep in mind.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel
grow. A few more resources for you. If
you want to join my free weekly
newsletter, I write original content for
that. Or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly, you can
do so on my website. There's also my
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore the underlying dimensions of
relationships, and my member community,

[10:01]
relationships, and my member community,
The Captain's Quarters, in which, among
other things, I host a number of by
well, bimonthly group consultation calls
and Q&A sessions with invited guests.
The links to everything are in the
description below. A lot of value in
those places. As always, I appreciate
your support and thank you for
listening.