[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is how I
know what women
want. So this episode was inspired by
some of the comments that viewers left
in response to my recent solo interview
on Soft White Underbelly during which
among other things I talked about what
women want a subject that I've
previously discussed on this very
channel. Mark titled the talk something
comparable. In any case, I'm fairly
convinced that the vast majority of
negative comments that this interview
received were simply reactions to the
optics associated with the interview.
Namely, that I was a man speaking about
women's
desires. How could I, a man, possibly
know what women want? I've never been a
woman. I don't know how women think. I
don't know how women feel. So, what

[01:01]
don't know how women feel. So, what
misguided arrogance must I possess to
presume to answer this
question? Now, there are a number of
reasons why this kind of reaction is
actually very concerning, both with
respect to epistemology and with respect
to social dialogue, but we're going to
pass over these for now. In this
episode, I'm simply going to respond to
the objection on face value and explain
how it is that I in fact know what women
want. And if you listen very carefully,
you'll potentially be able to advance
your understanding of human beings in
general. Let's get to
it. So, the main argument in support of
dismissing my perspective is that I, as
a man, cannot possibly know what it
really feels like to be a woman. And I
agree with that predicate. I don't know
what it really feels like to be a woman.
That's
true. But we can also extend that

[02:00]
true. But we can also extend that
statement to literally everyone. I can't
feel anybody else's feelings. I can't
experience anybody else's life. And that
means that I do not know, cannot know
what it really feels like to be anyone
else.
And it's certainly not true that men
simply understand each other due to the
fact that they share a gendered
experience of reality because whatever
that gendered experience is, it's not
the same gendered experience for all
men. Similarly, women typically don't
get together and sing kumbaya over their
shared womanhood. In fact, in the
diversity of human experience, there are
probably some men who are more different
from me than some women are. The point
is that experience doesn't neatly
organize itself around the identity
categories that people create. But none
of this matters with respect to the
point under consideration. And why
doesn't it matter? Because I don't need

[03:00]
doesn't it matter? Because I don't need
to know how a woman feels in order to
know what she wants. I will say that one
more time. I don't need to know how a
woman feels in order to know what she
wants. And why is that? Because the
truest indication of what people in
general, men and women, what people want
is not their feelings. It's not their
intentions. And it's absolutely not
their words. It's their behavior.
Observing how people behave, especially
with respect to scarce resources like
time or money, is the most accurate and
reliable indication of what people truly
value. And guess what? As a man, I can
observe women's behavior. In fact, as an
outside observer, I'm probably better
equipped to observe a woman's behavior
than that woman is herself. This is

[04:00]
than that woman is herself. This is
because people have all kinds of blind
spots or more accurately distortions
that prevent them from seeing themselves
as other people do. This is a large part
of what makes therapy effective. In
therapy, you examine your subjective
experience with your therapist and
collaboratively figure out where it
doesn't quite line up with reality,
which is generally why people suffer.
And it is the observation of behavior,
not the mutual recognition of a shared
gendered experience, that makes this
possible. But let's go further, starting
with my first premise, namely that
people's behavior is the most accurate
and reliable indication of what people
truly want. Take this hypothetical
example. Let's say that you share a new
business idea with a friend and this
person is just over the moon with
support for your vision. This is going
to make a billion dollars. Your product
is going to change the world, man. I can
see one of your widgets in every

[05:01]
see one of your widgets in every
household in America, and I know that
you have the smarts and the drive to
make this possible. I believe in you.
However, if you ask him if he wants to
invest a,000 bucks in your enterprise
and he says something
like, you know, I'd really like that. I
I really want to help you and I know I'm
going to be missing out on something
big, but you know, money is really tight
right now and I just don't have the
funds to
invest. But then you learn the following
week he spent a,000 bucks on a new TV.
What are you reasonably going to
conclude about what your friend really
thinks and
feels? Like, if you still believe that
he doesn't have money, if you still
believe that he thinks your business
idea is good, and if you still believe
that he wants to support you, you are a
idiot. His behavior indicated
quite clearly that he believed a new

[06:01]
quite clearly that he believed a new
television would generate more value for
him than your in amazing investment
opportunity. Now, he could also be
wrong. That is, you might actually have
a good business and getting in on the
ground floor could be the wisest
decision of your friend's life. Like,
what would your life be like today if
you bought 10 bitcoins 15 years ago? But
you would still be a idiot if
you thought your friend actually felt
that way and bought the TV
instead. If you appreciate the insights
on this channel, I would highly
encourage you to get your hands on a
copy of my book, The Value of Others.
Over the course of 432 pages, I delve
deep into my economic model of
relationships and explain the behavior
of both men and women in the game of
mating and dating. I also provide a lot
of actionable advice on how to get and
keep more of what you want in the sexual
marketplace. Once you read The Value of

[07:01]
marketplace. Once you read The Value of
Others, you'll never look at
relationships the same way again. Now
available in ebook, audiobook, and
paperback formats. The links are in the
description. What people do is the
clearest indication of what they value.
And that is why whenever there is
discrepancy between what someone says
and what someone does, you should always
always give priority to what they do. It
doesn't mean you ignore what they say
completely, but you absolutely take it
with a large dose of salt. And the
larger the discrepancy, the larger the
dose. Anyone who succeeds in making you
believe their words over and above their
actions has cast a spell on you. That
person is a magician. And when they go
so far as to insist that their words
should take precedence over their

[08:01]
should take precedence over their
actions, then they become like Oz, the
great and powerful, who insists you pay
no attention to the man behind the
curtain. Because if you do, you'll
realize there is no magic involved, just
smoke and mirrors and a clever slight of
hand.
Having listened to thousands and
thousands of people, I can confidently
tell you that words are more often used
to obscure the truth than to reveal it.
I'll say that again. Words are more
often used to obscure the truth than to
reveal it. The truth is revealed through
action. And our actions often reveal
uncomfortable truths about ourselves.
They often betray the concept of who we
think we are or the concept of who we
would like to be. This is why I might be
in a better position to observe a
person's actions than the person him or
herself. And that's a tough pill for

[09:02]
herself. And that's a tough pill for
anyone to
swallow. The eye cannot see itself. Like
literally, if it did, it would cease to
function as an organ of sight. It has to
be transparent to self in order to see.
In a similar fashion, the eye, the ego,
cannot completely see it itself either.
That's why we need friends and
counselors to point out when we miss
things and keep us on the straight and
narrow. This is because just like there
are magicians who cast spells on others,
people absolutely cast spells on
themselves. In fact, the two are
related. more the more susceptible
people are to their own spells, the more
susceptible they tend to be to the
spells of others. And the spell that
people most commonly cast on themselves
is the willingness to believe their own
These distortions or coping mechanisms

[10:03]
These distortions or coping mechanisms
are designed to protect the individual
from pain, especially the pain that
arises from the cognitive dissonance
that would ensue upon realizing that
their actions were not in fact in line
with their consciously articulated
values. They don't want to feel like a
bad person or a hypocrite. So they
believe that they tend to act in line
with their beliefs even when there is
copious evidence to the
contrary. This is why the beginning of
real self-improvement is the willingness
to confront one's own evasions and as we
say take a good long look at the person
in the mirror. And why do we say that?
Because in the mirror you can actually
see yourself not as you believe you look
like but as other people see you. It is
an idiom that functionally means to look
at oneself

[11:01]
at oneself
objectively which is of course what I
can more easily accomplish as a third
party. The more you can get out of your
subjective experience, your feelings,
your stories, your deceptions, the
closer you will get to the truth.
In any case, that is how I can possibly
know what women want without ever
personally experiencing their subjective
emotions. Perhaps I'll discuss the other
ramifications of this perspective, which
are even more concerning in a future
episode. But I think that's enough for
today. What do you think? Does this fit
with your own experience? Let me know in
the comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. Even a woman
who disagrees with my perspective. see
what she says because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with this guy
can do so on my website. There's also my

[12:02]
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the underlying
dimensions of sexual relationships, and
my private community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly live
group consultations and host Q&As with
invited guests from all over the
internet. The links to everything are in
the description below. A lot of great
value in those resources. Please check
them out. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.