[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
estranged fathers. Unfortunately, this
is not an uncommon problem in today's
day and age. It's also a fairly complex
problem with lots of fringe cases. So,
we're going to be painting with a fairly
broad brush today.
Now, while there are some men who are
textbook deadbeat dads who disappeared
the minute they found out the woman was
pregnant and stayed away for good, there
are also lots of men who would be much
more involved in their kids' lives if
they could. And today I'm going to be
talking primarily about this second
class of men.
Involuntary estrangement can occur for a
variety of reasons. In many cases, it's
due to a combination of custody
agreements and inappropriate
gatekeeping. In the wake of divorce,

[01:01]
gatekeeping. In the wake of divorce,
women are awarded primary or sole
custody of children 70 to 80% of the
time. What's more, some of these women
will emotionally alienate the children
in their care from their fathers. After
years of little to no contact, during
which time the children were potentially
told a very one-sided story about the
men in question, fathers can face an
extremely difficult battle to
reestablish a connection with their
kids. Even when they are successful, and
this is far from certain, it can take a
very long time. as the beliefs we
develop in childhood can and do persist
for a
lifetime. Of course, men can legally
challenge this arrangement, but this can
be expensive, bureaucratically
difficult, and emotionally grueling.
Many of these men have already gone
through the ringer of the family court
system once, and this was the outcome

[02:01]
system once, and this was the outcome
they received. As a consequence, they're
often less than hopeful that engaging
with the same process again will produce
a different result. In any case, there
are lots of reasons why this can happen,
and it's certainly not always because
the fathers involved are bad men. It's
an extraordinarily painful and helpless
and hopeless position for these men to
be in.
Over the years, I've met with many men
in this situation who have come to me
for guidance. Is there anything I can do
to change the situation? How can I keep
the connection with my child alive in
the wake of my ex's gatekeeping? How can
I ensure that my children don't hate me?
These are all tough questions,
especially because we have to be honest,
fathers don't have a lot of rights under
certain agreements. And as previously
mentioned, these can be very hard to
change. So there is often a measure of

[03:01]
change. So there is often a measure of
acceptance required to navigate this
challenging situation with
equinimity. But here's the thing. For
better or worse, family stories are
long. Friends, lovers, colleagues all
come and go. But family relations last a
lifetime. Irrespective of the
preferences of the individuals involved,
you will always be those children's
father and they will always be your
kids. There is literally nothing anyone
can do about that. And sometimes in
these long family stories, there are
empty
chapters. But that doesn't necessarily
mean that the story is over. Just
because people fall apart from each
other at one point in the narrative
doesn't mean that they can't come back
together further into the story. What
I'm saying is that if you're a father
who is estranged from his children, you

[04:01]
who is estranged from his children, you
might have to play the long game. Rely
on the fact that family stories are long
and b your time. In the worst case
scenario, you will have to wait until
your kids turn 18. Eventually, your
children will become adults. And as
adults, they will have to make up their
own minds about things, including very
notably their parents. They may even
come to you with questions. However,
there is also the possibility that after
years of emotional alienation, they will
feel no particular motivation to
establish a
relationship. Think about what that
mother might have been saying throughout
their childhood. He never really loved
you. If he wanted to be in your life, he
would. He never called or wrote or made
an effort, etc., etc. This will be an
extremely difficult narrative to
counteract after the fact. But that

[05:00]
counteract after the fact. But that
doesn't mean that there isn't a way to
do so.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you
aboard. Let's get concrete. The strategy
I'm going to share with you today was
actually taught to me by one of my
professors in grad school. He was a
clinical psychologist who specialized in
men's mental health and fatherhood in
particular. And he taught this to me
because he unfortunately saw this
situation in his office all the time.
And I can attest that the strategy has a
good success rate. I've shared this
approach with a number of men I've

[06:00]
approach with a number of men I've
personally counseledled and it's
produced the desired result in every
single
case. So what is it? If you're a father
who is emotionally estranged from his
children, all you need to do is get your
hands on a cardboard
box. Nothing fancy. Any cardboard box
will do. Now, we're going to call this
your evidence box. And as the name
suggests, we are going to fill this box
with evidence of your love, effort, and
dedication. Every week, you're going to
write your kid a letter, like an old
school letter, and you're going to send
it via certified mail. And that little
certified receipt goes right into the
evidence box. Either your child actually
receives a letter, which is good, or you
build a slightly stronger case against
the mother's alienating narrative, which
is also good, and you write that letter
every week, come rain or come shine.

[07:03]
every week, come rain or come shine.
Next,
milestones. Every birthday, every
Christmas, every important event that
you are not able to attend, you buy your
kid a little present and write out a
little card. If you cannot reasonably
ensure that your child will receive
them, then you put them into the
evidence box with their receipts
attached. The receipt is important. It's
not about the money involved. The
receipt is to establish the date of the
purchase. It helps to establish the
counternarrative that you in fact had
been trying to be an involved parent the
entire time. And again, you're going to
fill this box with acknowledgements of
your child's development religiously.
Don't miss a single important
occasion. Now, obviously, the strategy
is going to require a little money and
more than a little discipline, but it's
highly effective at changing hearts and
minds. Without your evidence box, if and

[08:02]
minds. Without your evidence box, if and
when you do reestablish contact with
your children, what will prevent the
exchange from devolving into a he said,
she said argument?
After all this time, why should I
believe you? Mama was there for me all
those years. You're just showing up now.
It's going to take more than words to
convince
me. This is, after all, a fairly
reasonable position for the child to
take. However, with an evidence box, you
now have a leg to stand on. Your love,
effort, and dedication have been
documented and preserved. And now,
mama's got some splaining to do.
Depending on the story she's been
pushing in your absence, there is now at
the very least the introduction of some
reasonable doubt with the revelation of
this new
information. And this is just in the
event of the worstc case scenario where
you have to wait until your children ate
out age out of their custody agreements.
In many cases, mothers will relax their
gatekeeping with consistent effort. You

[09:03]
gatekeeping with consistent effort. You
don't need to tell the mother about the
evidence box. In fact, you probably
should. However, if you persist in
sending certified letters to your kids
every week, she might just soften her
stance. I'm not saying it's necessarily
right, but she might have certain
expectations with respect to how you
need to show up for your kid. And
demonstrating that you can be a stable
presence in that kid's life can go a
long way. Again, I've worked with a
number of guys in this situation and the
evidence box worked and they didn't have
to wait until their children turned 18.
It took a few months to a few years. But
in every case, the consistent effort
overcame their ex's gatekeeping and they
were able to reestablish relationships
with their children. So, that's how you
deal with parental estrangement.
Hopefully, you don't need to use this
strategy, but there it is.
What do you think? Does this fit with

[10:01]
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know some guy who needs to hear this.
It's word of mouth referrals like that
that really help to make the channel
grow. There's also a few other things.
You can go to my website and sign up for
my free weekly newsletter for which I
write original content or book a
one-on-one paid consultation with yours
truly. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, where I go into the economic
model of relationships, and my private
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host
live bimonthly group consultations and
host Q&As with invited guests from all
over the internet. The links to
everything are in the description below.
Check it out. There is a lot of great
value down there. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.