[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is male
cheating and female cheating.
This has been a much requested episode.
We're going to be painting with some
very broad strokes today. However, on
the population level, there do seem to
be some significant differences between
infidelity as men tend to practice it
and infidelity as women tend to practice
it. And we're going to be talking about
a few of those differences today. Let's
get to it.
The first really significant difference
between male cheating and female
cheating is their respective
correlations to relationship
satisfaction. According to the research
I've read, there is no statistically
significant difference in reported
relationship satisfaction between men
who cheat and men who don't. This means
that the philanderers were just as happy

[01:01]
that the philanderers were just as happy
or unhappy with their primary
relationships as the men who stayed
loyal.
On the other hand, there is a
substantial and statistically
significant difference in reported
relationship satisfaction between women
who cheat and women who don't. That is,
the women who cheat report significantly
higher rates of relationship
dissatisfaction in their primary
relationships. To put it another way,
women who are satisfied with their
relationships are much less likely to be
disloyal, though they still can be. This
finding by itself is interesting, but it
also suggests that men and women tend to
have different motivations when they
cheat. Most notably, men don't seem to
cheat in order to replace their partners
or to get needs or desires met outside
of their primary relationship. If they
did, we would likely see differences in
relationship satisfaction between

[02:00]
relationship satisfaction between
cheaters and non-cheaters. Right? On the
whole, I think most of the men who cheat
do so because they a have the
opportunity to do so and b believe they
can get away with it. In fact, they tend
to see the infidelity as a sexual outlet
that has nothing to do with their
primary relationship.
I have talked to many, many men who have
told me, "Brian, I love my wife. I would
never leave her. She means the world to
me." and I [ __ ] other women. To these
men, these two statements, I love my
wife and I [ __ ] other women, have
nothing to do with one another. He does
not consider them contradictory. It's
like they live in two different parts of
his being. We can call this
compartmentalization.
And I think it's a big part of why men
and women cheat for different reasons.
For better or worse, men seem to be
better at compartmentalization than

[03:01]
better at compartmentalization than
women are. For instance, what is the
biggest female complaint about men in
relationships?
He's emotionally unavailable. Right?
This is shorthand for I couldn't access
certain parts of his emotionality. She's
not saying the man's emotions are
non-existent. She's saying she couldn't
get to them, which suggests that they
have been compartmentalized into other
dynamics or relationships. And it's this
compartmentalization that is directly
responsible for the belief that he can
love one woman and [ __ ] another.
On the other hand, the significantly
higher rates of reported relationship
satisfaction in women who cheat suggest
that they cheat in order to satisfy
needs and desires that go unmet in the
primary relationship. And we see this
borne out in the cultural double
standard around marital infidelity.
Namely, men cheat because they are
heartless cads. Women cheat because
their men weren't treating them right.

[04:01]
their men weren't treating them right.
And a woman who feels emotionally
justified in her behavior will have
about as much compunction about cheating
as a man who has successfully
compartmentalized the emotion out of the
affair.
In any case, female infidelity is a much
sherer sign of dysfunction in the
primary relationship than is male
infidelity. And in many cases,
consciously or not, female cheating is
designed to catalyze an end to a
relationship that has no longer become
tenable. And if she can do this while
simultaneously securing a potentially
more rewarding relationship in one fail
swoop, then she has managed to kill two
birds with one stone.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the

[05:01]
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Cheating to replace the primary
relationship is much more common in
women than it is in men. This is
because, among other reasons, female
sexual infidelity is much more likely to
begin as emotional infidelity. Women
tend to become emotionally involved with
their lovers before they cross the line
into sexual impropriy. And that
emotional involvement often inspires the
desire for more. More time, more
commitment. In short, more relationship.

[06:00]
commitment. In short, more relationship.
And this is in striking contrast to men
who often have absolutely zero intention
of ever leaving their wives, much to the
chagrin of many of their mistresses.
And this leads us to another important
difference between male and female
cheating. The significance of the
emotional dimension over and above the
sexual act. Let's be clear, very few
people like the idea of their partners
having sex with someone else, and very
few people like the idea of their
partners becoming emotionally entwined
with a third party. Both of these are
common reasons for conflict and divorce.
That said, it's also pretty clear from
the data that men care much more about
sexual infidelity and women care much
more about emotional infidelity. For
example, if both groups are forced to
choose between a scenario in which their
partner enters into a chasteed but
emotionally intimate relationship with a

[07:00]
emotionally intimate relationship with a
third party and one in which their
partner enters into a sexual
relationship devoid of emotion. Men are
more likely to prefer the first option
and women are more likely to prefer the
second. I believe this study appears in
David Bus's The Evolution of Desire.
Sexual infidelity is very difficult, if
not impossible, for some men to
overcome. Whereas women tend to wrankle
if a man gives preferential treatment to
another woman, even if nothing physical
occurs.
And we see this difference in attitude
reflected in how people try to justify
their infidelity. When men get caught
cheating, what's the first thing that
comes out of their mouths?
It didn't mean anything. It was just
sex. And the reason they say this is,
well, one, it's often true. Like I said,
men tend to compartmentalize more, so
this might be an accurate reflection of
their experience. However, it also does

[08:01]
their experience. However, it also does
tend to assuage the woman's distress and
anger.
On the other hand, if a woman were to
get caught cheating and the first thing
out of her mouth is it didn't mean
anything, then she just created an even
bigger problem for herself. Far from
pacifying that man, he is going to go
through the [ __ ] roof and it's going
to infuriate him for a very particular
but often unarticulated reason. namely,
he has been bamboozled.
While he has had to provide time and
money and commitment in order to get and
keep this particular woman, another man
has apparently been able to access the
same sexual opportunity without paying
even a fraction as much. He didn't even
have to care about her. The betrayed
husband will struggle emotionally,
psychologically, and in some cases
materially with the lowering in status

[09:02]
materially with the lowering in status
that his wife's behavior affectuates.
Cuckled has long been an insult bandied
about by men when they are jockeying for
position. It is potentially revealing
that no female equivalent of this word
has ever been in wide circulation.
All right, so that's what I got for you
today. Among other things, infidelity in
men and women tends to differ with
respect to relationship satisfaction,
motivation, and dimensionality.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like that that really help to make this
channel grow. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content
and or book a paid individual
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. If you want to learn

[10:01]
on my website. If you want to learn
more, you can also check out my book,
The Value of Others, in which I explore
the underlying dimensions of sexual
relationships. And there's also my
private community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly live group consultation
sessions. The links to everything are in
the description below. Lot of great
value in those resources. Check them
out. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.