[00:01]
Hi everybody. I just wanted to take a
moment to acknowledge that today is July
10th, which marks the one-year
anniversary of the publication of my
book, The Value of Others. It's been
amazing. It's hard to believe that a
year has already gone by, but the book
is out there. It has a life of its own,
and the response has been absolutely
incredible. like especially given the
fact that I don't have a publisher. I
don't have a publicist. I don't have an
agent. I haven't spent a single dollar
on advertising or marketing. And the
book has sold over 100,000 units in the
past year. Over 100,000, probably closer
to 120,000. Uh this would probably put
it on the New York Times bestseller list
in certain categories if the New York
Times actually included self-published
titles, which it doesn't. Um, and this
is obviously in very large part due to

[01:02]
is obviously in very large part due to
you, and I'm specifically speaking to
those in my community because they're
the early adopters of the book, uh, who
have been following my work for years,
who have taken a chance on the material
and have bought it just on the value of
sort of the content that I provide here
on for free on YouTube and by giving it
to other people that they know who they
think might benefit through word of
mouth recommendations. Every day,
literally every day, someone comes up to
me and thanks me for this book. I often
hear that it's changed people's lives
and that they're now much much more able
to have fulfilling relationships and to
get what they want in the sexual
marketplace. It's uh a really great
feeling to hear that and to be able to
make a positive difference in people's
lives. Um
yeah, so I just wanted to mark this
occasion. I'm really happy with the way
the book is selling. I think it has a
4.7 or a 4.8 stars on uh Amazon with

[02:04]
4.7 or a 4.8 stars on uh Amazon with
nearly a thousand verified reviews. So,
everything is doing really well. Thank
you so much for all of your support. May
that continue. The more that you support
this process, the more likely I will be
able to write and put out other books in
the future. So, if you like this
content, please, if you haven't already,
take a chance on the book and refer it
to those who you think might jive with
it. The links will be in the description
below. It is on available as a paperback
and audio book, which I read personally,
and ebook formats. Thanks for
everything, guys, and uh best of luck.