[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is her
only competition.
So the idea I'm going to present to you
now, ladies and gentlemen, will help you
make sense of a great many interexual
relationships. It's going to sound a
little strange in the beginning, but
once you sit with it for a while, it
will explain much of what would
otherwise remain incomprehensible
about why certain men and women get and
stay together. Here it is. When it comes
to interexual relationships, a woman's
only true competition is not another
woman. It's not a man's friends or
family or hobbies or interests. A
woman's only true competition in a
relationship is
a man's solitude.
Let's examine this further.
When I say that a woman's only true

[01:00]
When I say that a woman's only true
competition is a man's solitude, it
means that a man will continue to choose
a given relationship as long as it
continues to provide value over and
above what he can produce in his own
company. This one observation explains a
lot. For example, it explains why so
many men get involved with ratchet, low
value women. Why do they do this?
Because they hate their own solitude.
This is not quite the same thing as
having low self-esteem, whatever that
means. It means they cannot be with
themselves. Their thoughts are too loud.
They find their own presence boring and
detestable.
Like school children who will jump at
any excuse, any distraction to not
complete their homework, men who despise
their own solitude will latch onto the
slightest possibility of a relationship
with a woman almost irrespective of the

[02:01]
with a woman almost irrespective of the
woman. It pulls him out of himself, a
self that he finds unbearable. Do you
understand? No matter how difficult or
frustrating he finds being with her, he
finds being with himself even more
loathome.
It doesn't matter if she nags him. She
can't possibly pester him as much as he
does himself. It doesn't matter if she
criticizes him. She won't be nearly as
cruel as he is to himself. It doesn't
even matter if she neglects him as he
turned away from himself years ago. If
anything, her negative presence
constitutes a break from his own
unremitting self-hatred. And that,
despite what it looks like from the
outside, is what keeps him coming back
to even toxic and abusive relationships.
But hopefully, dear listener, that's not
you, right? However, that doesn't mean
that we're done here. The same principle

[03:02]
that we're done here. The same principle
holds true as a man begins to like
himself more. As a man begins to improve
his life, he necessarily begins to make
good use of his solitude. He uses this
time for deep focus and personal
development. Undistracted, he can build
his business and take care of his body
and invest in his own well-being. This
isn't simply about becoming materially
successful, though obviously that
doesn't hurt. There are still plenty of
men who dive into work the way low- men
dive into women, that is, as escapes
from themselves. But the more a man
begins to value his own presence, the
more he enjoys his own company, the more
valuable his solitude becomes. And this
raises the bar with respect to the women
he invites into his life. In short,
spending time with them has to be better
than spending time with himself because

[04:01]
than spending time with himself because
he knows what he can accomplish when
left to his own devices.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
This process generally follows a fairly
predictable progression. As a man first
comes to tolerate his own company, as he
cleans up his critical inner voice and
destructive tendencies, so there is
little negative about his experience of
self, he naturally begins to issue
disrespect and game playing and
flakiness and drama. This, and only

[05:01]
flakiness and drama. This, and only
this, is what truly gatekeeps, is what
keeps low value women out of a man's
life. It's not therapy, per se. It's not
appropriate boundaries, which like New
Year's resolutions work until they
don't. It's a preference for his own
uncomplicated company that effortlessly
keeps certain women out of his ambit. It
is the quality of his relationship with
himself that largely determines the
quality of the women with whom he
relates. But we can go even further.
Just like tolerance of the self is not
the highest relationship a man can have
with himself, the mere absence of
negative attributes is not the most
desirable relationship a man can have
with a woman. As a man comes to enjoy
his own company, to deeply value his own
solitude. It becomes increasingly more
difficult for him to prefer the company

[06:00]
difficult for him to prefer the company
of others. And this is a general
statement. It applies to friends and
family as much as it applies to women.
At this point, it's not enough that
relationships simply not be negative.
They need to provide positive value in
order to compensate the man for tearing
himself away from his own solitude. They
need to be pleasurable or fulfilling or
helpful or meaningful. Ideally, these
relationships generate value over and
above that which the man can produce on
his own. However, as a man's solitude
becomes more and more valuable, this
becomes an increasingly more difficult
standard for his relationships to meet.
And that is okay.
You are not meant to relate to everyone
indiscriminately.
You are meant to fill your life with
pleasant and satisfying relationships.
And you cannot have those types of

[07:01]
And you cannot have those types of
relationships with anyone. Trust me, the
more you populate your network in
general and your inner circle in
particular with relationships of this
sort, the more your overall quality of
life will improve. On some level, it's
kind of not possible to have a good life
if your relationships suck. But your
relationships might suck because you'll
tolerate everyone and anyone. And you'll
do this because even bad relationships
produce more value than your terrible
relationship with yourself does. In any
case, that is a woman's true
competition, her man's solitude. It's
not money, power, or opportunity that
changes this. I know plenty of rich,
handsome men who are wrapped around some
low-V valueue woman's little finger. It
is what a man can do on his own that
sets the standard for the relationships

[08:00]
sets the standard for the relationships
he is willing to entertain. And a man
who enjoys his own solitude sets a very
high bar indeed.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
And anyone looking to join my free
weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. You can also
get your hands on my book, my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I deeply explore the underlying
dimensions of sexual relationships. And
there's also my member community, The
Captain's Quarters, where I host live
bimonthly group consultations and host
Q&A with invited guests from all over
the internet. The links to everything
are in the description below. Please
check them out. A lot of great value
there. As always, I appreciate your

[09:00]
there. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.