[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is why men
lose interest in sex familiarity. So,
this will be the first in a series of
episodes that I'm envisioning on the
subject of male sexuality. I think male
sexuality is very often misunderstood.
The stereotype is basically that if a
woman has a pulse, a man is going to be
interested in sleeping with her. Men are
just horny dogs for whom the only
satisfying amount of sex is more. And
when it comes to long-term
relationships, it's always the man who
is DTF. And it's always the woman who
has a headache. And it turns out this
isn't always true. Men can and do lose
interest in sex, and this loss of desire
can be devastating for their committed
relationships.
The issue is that there are many often
co-occurring reasons why this happens.

[01:00]
co-occurring reasons why this happens.
It's far more complicated than it
appears on the surface. And that's why I
didn't think I could fit it all into a
single episode. Some of these reasons
are wellknown, others less so. But with
this additional knowledge, both men and
women can make appropriate adaptations
to their sexual relationships to keep
the spark alive. Let's begin with the
first reason men lose interest in sex,
which I'm calling familiarity.
But first, a seemingly unrelated
question whose relevance will become
apparent later.
Why don't siblings typically have sex
with each other? I know, I know. Just go
with me for a minute here. If you think
about it, it's actually kind of strange
that the rate of sibling incest is so
low. We're talking about hormonal
adolescents who among other things lack
impulse control and available sexual
outlets. But there is a distinct lack of
interest for this at hand solution. And

[02:01]
interest for this at hand solution. And
it's not like people have to hold
themselves back from sleeping with their
siblings. They don't have to suppress
their desire because in the vast
majority of cases there is no desire to
suppress. In fact, so profound is the
absence of felt attraction that the mere
thought of such an act will fill most
people with revulsion and disgust.
How does this come to be?
This profound aversion to incestuous
relationships which has been observed in
functionally every human culture on the
planet is created through something
called the Vestmark effect. Basically,
the anthropologist Edvard Veester
noticed that there was a conspicuous
absence of marriages among adults who
were raised together from a very young
age, irrespective of whether those
adults were genetically related. This
observation has been subsequently
corroborated by a host of evidence from
Israeli kibbutim where large groups of

[03:00]
Israeli kibbutim where large groups of
children are raised in communal
environments even when they are
unrelated. Children raised in the same
peer group almost never develop sexual
relationships later in life. So what
does this mean? The Veestermark effect
suggests that it is technically not
genetic similarity that turns off sexual
desire, but rather spending a certain
amount of time together in familylike
conditions, especially early in life.
And this kind of makes sense. Throughout
most of our history, humans haven't had
DNA tests to establish consuity, who was
related to who, and the sheer fact of
that relation isn't always entirely
obvious. While this is true in today's
day and age, it was even truer in many
of the tribal communities where
paternity was uncertain at best, within
which humans have mostly lived
throughout their history. The vestmark
effect helps prevent inbreeding in
situations where a person might be

[04:02]
situations where a person might be
dealing with a close relation. And this
is important because inbreeding creates
a host of genetic issues that were more
often avoided in communities that
evolved a discussed reaction to in-group
sexual relationships. But the Vesmark
effect suggests that it's not itself,
but familiarity that does the trick. A
conclusion that is further strengthened,
for example, by the disproportionately
high rate of incest among siblings who
were separated at birth, that is
first-degree relatives who did not grow
up together and who were reunited later
in life.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the

[05:01]
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
The idea here is that a kind of negative
sexual imprinting occurs when people
spend a certain amount of time together
under familylike conditions. The data
suggests that there is a sensitive
period for this imprinting, namely 0 to
6 years old. However, what I'm proposing
is that a veester mark like effect,
something not as powerful as the one
observed in children, but with a certain
vestigial potency, persists into
adulthood. The idea is that adults who
spend a certain amount of time together

[06:00]
spend a certain amount of time together
under family-like conditions tend to
experience diminished sexual attraction
or even sexual aversion to each other.
And this is certainly what occurs in the
modern marriage archetype. Two people
largely isolated from their extended
families and communities who spend an
inordinate amount of time together. If
I'm correct, then this familiarity would
produce a kind of sexual decois in which
desire is removed from conscious
experience as a result of a veesterark
effect. And this might help to explain
why in most traditional communities, men
and women don't actually spend a lot of
time together. The men spent their time
with other men, hunting and tool making,
and the women spent their time with
other women raising children and
preparing food. A group that intermixed
too much would likely experience a
decrease in sexual desire, which might
prove detrimental to the growth and/or

[07:00]
prove detrimental to the growth and/or
sustainability of that community.
And this kind of makes sense. Attraction
kind of depends on a lack of
familiarity, which is why people hide
behind screens of all kinds in the
courtship process. Women hide behind
makeup and mystique. Men hide behind
boldness and charm. Remove those screens
too soon and the attraction evaporates.
However, it gets harder and harder to
hide when you live under the same roof
day in and day out. You see things you'd
rather not see. You hear things you'd
rather not hear. You smell things you'd
rather not smell. the fantasy of the
other disappears in favor of an emergent
reality, namely that you're dealing with
someone like anyone else who probably
isn't all that special.
Just like we might consider it faintly
ridiculous that anyone might be head

[08:01]
ridiculous that anyone might be head
over heels in love with our sibling,
like don't they know who they're dealing
with? We typically don't feel powerfully
attracted to people that we know very
well. In any case, this is one of the
reasons why men lose interest in sex.
They become overly familiar with their
partners. However, this can be prevented
by maintaining a good deal of
spaciousness in your relationships.
Prioritize less frequent, higher quality
interactions over more frequent, lower
quality interactions. In general,
spending less time together should help
to keep the spark alive longer.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message, as it's word
of mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow.
You can also
go to my website if you're interested in

[09:00]
go to my website if you're interested in
pursuing some other lines of inquiry or
value. You can sign up for my weekly
newsletter in which I write original
content or potentially book a one-on-one
paid consultation with yours truly.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore the
underlying dimensions of relationships
and my private community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host by monthly live
group consultation sessions. The links
to everything are in the description
below. Check them out. A lot of great
value there. As always, I appreciate
your support and thank you for
listening.