[00:00]
I don't think women are uninterested in
being objectified to some degree. As
long as there's other elements that they
appreciate, emotional, mental
connection, then they're willing, it
seems like, to give themselves to a man
who's willing to take and ravish them.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Women have no problem being
objectified by the men. They want to
objectify them. But if you are trying to
objectify a woman and she does not want
to be objectified by you, then you're
going to get the HR complaints. So it's
not the objectification per se that's
problematic. This is why it's actually
very dangerous and bad for in many
respects bad for women on the population
level when we come out and say things
like you should never objectify women.
You should always respect them. Respect
all women. I made an episode about this
a long time ago. The concept of respect
in my experience means different things
to the average man and to the average
woman. To a man respect is based on
honor and admiration and it's devoid of
sexuality. Like you would never respect
your buddy by sexualizing him. You know

[01:00]
your buddy by sexualizing him. You know
what I'm saying? And any ceremony or
ritual or event that's designed to
confer respect like a graduation or a
funeral or a a military decoration
ceremony, it would be inappropriate if
not disgusting to bring sexuality into
it. So respect and sexuality are like
almost anathema to each other in the
male imagination. And when men are told
to respect, respect, respect, and they
want to do that because they want to
give women what they want in a good
faith effort to say like, I can be a
good partner. I want to be a good
partner to a woman. Then they remove a
lot of that sexuality, which turns them
into nice guys. They don't understand
why women think that they're great, but
they think of them like a brother. They
don't feel that spark or that chemistry.
And the guy gets even more distressed
when he sees the woman go off with some,
you know, or toxic narcissist or
whatever it is.