[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax better living through psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
everything is about sex. That's right.
It is an apocryphal quote ascribed to
Oscar Wild that everything is about sex
except sex. Sex is about power. Whether
or not he actually wrote that is
immaterial for our intents and purposes.
What is relevant here is the accuracy of
the observation which I believe is quite
high. Sex and power are very very
closely related to each other and we're
going to be exploring some of those
relationships today. In fact, I wrote
too much content for a single episode.
So, this will be the first in a two-part
series that examines each of the quotes
juicy hypotheses in turn. Let's get to
it.
To begin with, we have the claim that
everything is about sex. And I do think
this is true in the vast majority of

[01:00]
this is true in the vast majority of
cases, especially when it comes to men.
I discussed this a bit in my interview
with Steven Bartlett on Diary of a CEO
last year. The unrestrained sexual
impulse in men is dangerous and
antisocial. Any man who does not learn
to control it quickly finds himself
exiled from the community or worse. It
would be chaos if men were to act in
this manner. Which is why we institute
our severest social and legal
punishments for men who act on their
sexual impulses indiscriminately.
Therefore, for society to function, the
sexual impulse needs to be channeled
into pro-social ends. Freud called this
unconscious process sublimation. And
it's the sublimation of this impulse
that constitutes the drive to accomplish
the difficult, dangerous, and
uncomfortable tasks upon which
civilization is based. The term libido

[02:03]
civilization is based. The term libido
has become specifically associated with
sexual desire, but Freud originally
intended it to mean something like life
force, which of course makes sense since
sex creates life. The desire to have sex
is the life in us wanting to experience
more of itself.
Like it would be strange for a healthy,
vigorous young person to have no sexual
appetite, right?
Now the genius of life is its ability to
overcome death. If not for the
individual or even the species, then for
life itself. Life is a little weed
growing out of a crack in the sidewalk.
It finds a way to overcome the forces
that obstruct its existence. And for
most of human history, those forces have
been natural, which men have
counteracted with the various

[03:00]
counteracted with the various
technologies of civilization. The desire
for sex, the life force, is sublimated
into the work of survival, which in turn
has produced the marvelous array of
wonderful and problematic strategies to
cheat death just a little longer.
But it all depends on a society's
capacity to frustrate the direct
expression of the libido and channel it
toward pro-social ends. Frustrate the
libido too much or too little and you'll
have social collapse. But even
appropriate frustration comes at a cost.
For example, Freud argues in
civilization and its discontents that
it's the frustration of the sexual
impulse that gives rise to the general
anxiety and unhappiness that plagues
modern man. This is how he explained the
paradoxical observation that the more
safe and comfortable people are, the

[04:00]
safe and comfortable people are, the
more neurotically unhappy they tend to
be.
However, as far as he could tell, this
could be the inescapable cost of doing
business.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, if the libido is frustrated too
much, we would have an epidemic of
neurosis. And if the libido isn't
frustrated enough, then we wouldn't have
vigorous activity in the direction of
civilization. Men, think about how you
feel immediately after having sex. Most

[05:02]
feel immediately after having sex. Most
guys just want to roll over and take a
nap,
not build a road or write the great
American novel, right? The drive to do
difficult, uncomfortable things requires
some pentup sexuality. Civilization was
not built by dissipated libertines.
That said, one of the goals of
civilization is to reduce discomfort and
make life easier. Our technologies
typically aim to satisfy our desires
more easily, more cheaply, more safely.
And of course, one of the technologies
that was bound to be invented by
sexually frustrated men is pornography.
By making relief from sexual frustration
cheap and available, we've inadvertently
undermined the drive to civilize and
conquer.
Now, both of those actions are
problematic in today's day and age, to
say the least. So, no one is really

[06:00]
say the least. So, no one is really
losing sleep over the absence of
conquering men. Conquering men are,
after all, dangerous men. But that same
drive to conquer a nation might be
related deep down to the drive to
conquer one's weakness, one's vice,
one's cowardice. It is the same drive to
transform raw nature into something
useful and productive. So, while we may
be relieved that there are fewer
Napoleons walking around these days,
many of us also seem to be asking where
have all the real men gone. The two
phenomena might actually be related to
the same forces.
I think we can agree that most men would
be more unproductive if they had a bevy
of beauties to play with. But thanks to
modern pornography, the average man now
has a larger, albeit virtual herum than
King Solomon did. With easy access to a

[07:01]
King Solomon did. With easy access to a
solution for their sexual frustration,
these men are less motivated to seek out
actual women. And what is even more
difficult, overcome their own dissipated
natures to become the kind of men that
women actually desire. Relief from
sexual frustration has mitigated their
productive output, which really
shouldn't be possible if productive
output didn't have anything to do with
sex.
Basically, it's no accident that those
who do not sublimate the sexual impulse,
the men who say overuse pornography, or
those lucky few who can more or less
satisfy their desires on demand, rarely
contribute much in terms of social
value. And this leads to the conclusion
that productive output is really
sublimated sexual impulse, which in turn
suggests that everything that you see is
really about sex.
Food for thought. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?

[08:01]
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. You know, someone who geeks out
on some of this psychoanalytic stuff
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. other value ads. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with me can do so on my
website. There's also my bestselling
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore the fundamentals of interexual
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host live
group consultations and Q&A with invited
guests from all over the internet. We
have a lot of fun. It's a great group.
Check it out. The links to everything
are in the description below. As always,
I appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.