[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is all men
are incelss.
Obviously a provocative title, but I do
think I can make a strong argument in
its defense. Let's get to it. In case
you've been living under a rock, incel
is short for involuntarily celibate.
Basically, an incel is a man who wants
to have sex but can't seem to find a
willing participant. While I don't think
the term was originally derogatory, it's
definitely used as a pjorative today,
especially by women. In fact, it seems
as though every man women disagree with
these days is either an incel or a
misogynist, or both. I suppose they
might not be mutually exclusive. In any
case, it's generally not meant as a
compliment. Now, leaving aside the
wondrous coincidence that the only men

[01:00]
wondrous coincidence that the only men
who disagree with women happen to be
hateful and/or unattractive, I must
admit that I find the use of this term
incel absolutely baffling as an insult.
And it really only takes a little bit of
effort to understand why.
While it's clearly the case that some
men are more attractive than others, no
man who has ever existed has been
universally attractive to women at all
times. I mean, even Greek mythology is
full of stories of gods being turned
down by mortal women. And this means
that every man irrespective of how
handsome or famous or powerful or
charming he might be has been frustrated
in his sexual desire at some point in
his life. Even the most successful
kasanovas don't bat a thousand 100% of
the time. In fact, if there is a single

[02:03]
the time. In fact, if there is a single
experience that binds together all men
of all cultures, it is having one's
sexual interest rebuffed. And in that
moment, that man is an incel. He wants
to have sex, but he doesn't have a
willing partner.
While unattractive men might experience
this more frequently, even the most
attractive men cannot have sex whenever
they want, however they want, with
whomever they want. If such a thing is
possible, it is a privilege that only
beautiful women enjoy. In any case, it
doesn't take a genius to understand that
when a man's sexual interest is
rebuffed, there are really only two
possible outcomes. Either
the man is going to be at least with
respect to that relationship
involuntarily celibate
or the woman is going to be, shall we

[03:02]
or the woman is going to be, shall we
say, involuntarily sexual.
Like those are the only two options. And
I think we're all going to agree that
the first outcome is preferable to the
second.
Given this understanding, I can't wrap
my head around the impulse to denigrate
those who choose to uphold the first
option. Like it or not, when a man is
involuntarily celibate, what is he
necessarily doing? Well, among other
things, he is acknowledging the right of
a woman to consent to sex, and he is
respecting the foundations of civil
society. He is choosing to frustrate his
will rather than impose it on another.
And we're like collectively agreeing
that that is something to be mocked and
derided
because that is the real difference

[04:01]
because that is the real difference
between men. The distinction does not
come down to those who are rebuffed and
those who aren't. As I've already said,
the latter class of men don't exist. But
to those who are governed by law and
human decency and those who aren't, like
if there has ever been a man who has
never been an incel, it was probably
Gangghask Khan. And that's not because
no woman ever told him no.
I'll say that again in a slightly
different way. The reason Gangghask Khan
might not have been an incel was not
because women found him universally
attractive. It's because he didn't take
no for an answer.
Let that sink in.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic

[05:02]
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
It should go without saying, but
disparaging those who choose not to
violate others is very, very stupid. And
this is a choice. This isn't a topic
that's very comfortable to discuss, but
it is one that we benefit from
remembering from time to time. You may
have heard that women are the
gatekeepers of sex. I've said it myself
on this channel. However, the part that
isn't often said is that women are the

[06:01]
isn't often said is that women are the
gatekeepers of sex by convention.
Women are not naturally endowed with
that privilege. It is not in their
nature or in their biology to
unilaterally prevent sex from occurring
in the event that they don't want it. If
it were, then non-consensual sex
literally wouldn't be possible.
From a physical perspective, a woman's
body, like any person's body, is as
Epictatus would say, subject to a
superior force. And when it comes to
physical force, the average man is more
powerful than the average woman.
All of this is to say that women are not
the gatekeepers of sex by nature. They
are the gatekeepers of sex by
convention. They are the gatekeepers of
sex because we've gotten together as a
society by creating a structure of order
and establishing a system of laws. And

[07:01]
and establishing a system of laws. And
the basis of this social contract is
fundamentally the voluntary surrender of
certain natural rights in return for
protection against those same rights
being enacted against us. This is
Hobbes's Leviathan and it is the only
legitimate basis of civil society.
and we've agreed that no woman should be
made to have sex against her will
because I suppose among other things we
wouldn't enjoy the same experience being
forced upon us. So when someone in
possession of superior natural force is
frustrated in his desire and chooses to
abide in the frustration of his will
instead of forcing his will on another,
then congratulations.
We have civil fuckation.
Okay? He may not like it in the moment,
but he is choosing to respect the law
and the woman's right to choose, which

[08:01]
and the woman's right to choose, which
is what we want him to do. But rather
than praise his restraint or sympathize
with his frustration or, I don't know,
simply pass over the situation without
comment.
We've somehow agreed that this man is a
creepy loser. Like, make it make sense.
People
listen to me very carefully. If there is
a recipe for making someone villainous,
it is precisely this. Punish him for
doing the right thing.
And that's precisely what we're doing
when we mock these men. I do not advise
disparaging people for following the law
and respecting the rights of others.
Like we don't have to celebrate these
people just for following the law, but
insulting them for doing so is the
height of stupidity.
Like imagine a businessman who sells

[09:00]
Like imagine a businessman who sells
luxury goods, insulting a crowd of
people standing out in front of his
store for being too poor to buy his
products. Huh? You pathetic losers.
You'll never be able to afford anything
nice. Like, how do you think that would
go over? Now, I don't think people
should steal. I don't think people
should riot.
But I think we can all agree that that
man is either absolutely oblivious or
tempting fate in a very foolish way.
It's kind of like Marie Antuinette
saying, "Well, let them eat cake." And
we all know how that ended up for her.
Again, all men are incelss at some
point. It's not just the unattractive
ones. Like, look at the media. Every
day, it seems as though another rich and
famous and handsome and powerful man is
accused of non-consensual sex, most
likely because he felt his status
entitled him to sex, and he believed he

[10:00]
entitled him to sex, and he believed he
could violate the social construct
without consequence.
Women can and absolutely do turn down
attractive men as well. But insulting
the men who abide in that frustration
instead of imposing their will on women
is as stupid as it is tasteless.
That's my take. What do you think? Let
me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message, as it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value props, anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or to book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
paperback, audiobook, and ebook formats,
in which I dive deep into the
foundations of interexual relationships,
and my private member community, The

[11:01]
and my private member community, The
Captain's Quarters, where, among other
things, I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&As with invited
guests from all over the internet. It's
a great group. We have a lot of fun.
Check it out. A lot of value in those
resources. Links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.