[00:00]
You've talked about the concept of the
adored versus the adorer. Could you
touch on that?
&gt;&gt; Sure. I have this idea of the balance of
attraction, which is that two people
can't ever like each other exactly the
same amount. So in any relationship, one
person always likes the other person
more and one person always likes the
other person less. And I call the person
who likes the other person more the
adorer and the other person the adored.
And this can change in the beginning it
can change polarity but usually as
relationships go go on they settle into
more or less a stasis and the gap
doesn't fluctuate wildly anymore. People
settle into the roles that they're more
comfortable with and the gap in
attraction that they're more comfortable
with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So who fits better into which role
for men and women?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I do think that there's
individual differences. I do think that
in general both men and women prefer to
be adorers, which is the opposite of
what most people expect. Most people
want to be down here because the person

[01:00]
want to be down here because the person
down here gets to be with the one they
love. And that's what everyone is
looking for in the sexual marketplace.
They're hunting. They want to get what
they want. And only this person, the one
at the bottom, the adorer, gets to have
that. This person doesn't get to be with
the one they love. They get to be loved
by the one they're with. And if they're
not careful, they might actually be
adoring somebody up here that they're
not in a relationship or maybe they were
in a relationship in the past. Now, the
reason why most people want to be the
adorer despite being the more powerless
partner relatively in that relationship
is because the adorer gets to feel all
the emotions. And that's men and women.
They want to go into a relationship to
feel. And for better or for worse,
people use their emotions usually as the
primary guide as to whether a
relationship works for them.