[00:00]
You may have heard that women are the
gatekeepers of sex. However, the part
that isn't often said is that women are
the gatekeepers of sex by convention.
Women are not naturally endowed with
that privilege. It is not in their
nature or in their biology to
unilaterally prevent sex from occurring
in the event that they don't want it. If
it were, then non-consensual sex
literally wouldn't be possible. From a
physical perspective, a woman's body,
like any person's body, is as Epictatus
would say, subject to a superior force.
And when it comes to physical force, the
average man is more powerful than the
average woman. All of this is to say
that women are not the gatekeepers of
sex by nature. They are the gatekeepers
of sex by convention. They are the
gatekeepers of sex because we've gotten
together as a society by creating a
structure of order and establishing a
system of laws. And the basis of this
social contract is fundamentally the
voluntary surrender of certain natural

[01:02]
voluntary surrender of certain natural
rights in return for protection against
those same rights being enacted against
us. This is Hobbes's Leviathan and it is
the only legitimate basis of civil
society. and we've agreed that no woman
should be made to have sex against her
will because I suppose among other
things we wouldn't enjoy the same
experience being forced upon us. So when
someone in possession of superior
natural force is frustrated in his
desire and chooses to abide in the
frustration of his will instead of
forcing his will on another then
congratulations
we have civilization.
Okay, he may not like it in the moment,
but he is choosing to respect the law
and the woman's right to choose, which
is what we want him to do. But rather
than praise his restraint or sympathize
with his frustration or, I don't know,
simply pass over the situation without

[02:00]
simply pass over the situation without
comment, we've somehow agreed that this
man is a creepy loser. Like make it make
sense.