[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is sex is
about power. So this is part two of a
discussion in which we unpack Oscar
Wild's apocryphal quote that everything
is about sex except sex. Sex is about
power. In the first episode, everything
is about sex, I tackled the first claim
in the quote and discussed that most
productive output is actually sublimated
sexual impulse that cannot find a
socially acceptable outlet. Check it out
if you haven't done so already. Today,
we'll be rounding out the discussion.
Let's get to it. Now, the second part of
this quote, that sex is really about
power is also food for thought. Outside
of like singlear armed combat, sexual
selection is one of the clearest methods
of determining men's relative power
rankings. No woman is attracted to

[01:03]
rankings. No woman is attracted to
weakness. The more powerful the man, not
only in terms of physical strength, but
in terms of social strength as well, the
more he has access to more and more
attractive women. So much so that the
attractiveness of a particular woman is
often used to gauge the social power of
the man that she's with.
The fact that sex might really be about
power explains something that might
otherwise be rather disconcerting,
namely the transgressive nature of most
male pornography.
Like there are some disturbing themes in
this technology.
But despite the prevalence of such
content, we haven't seen a dramatic
uptick in the type of behavior that it
depicts. This is because pornography
serves a kind of wish fulfillment
function. And the wish that most men,

[02:01]
function. And the wish that most men,
consciously or not, want fulfilled
is power. which makes sense as the
average man is and is becoming
increasingly powerless.
Male pornography depicts transgression
in two general ways, aggression and
violation.
Aggressive, even violent depictions of
sex are a direct fulfillment of the wish
for power. In these fantasies, the men
take what they want and there is nothing
the women can do about it. Whatever the
social ramifications, the men are above
the consequences of their actions, which
is kind of like the fantasy of
omnipotence. In it, it is the expression
of sexuality without consideration of
the woman or fear of retaliation. She is
an object, which is precisely what
everything looks like through the lens
of omnipotence.

[03:00]
of omnipotence.
However, male pornography can also be
transgressive by means of violation,
that is the breaking of social norms or
taboos.
There is, after all, nothing more
attractive than forbidden fruit. The
more sex absolutely shouldn't happen,
the more alluring it can become. And the
breaking of taboos is also related to
the embodiment of power, albeit in a
more indirect way.
On some level, both men and women
understand that women will do more
things sexually for a man she is more
attracted to. As they say online, women
make rules for betas and break rules for
alphas. And this means the more rules a
woman breaks, the stronger her
attraction and the more powerful that
man is in her perception. So the
violation of social norms is arousing
precisely because it suggests the man is

[04:00]
precisely because it suggests the man is
so irresistibly attractive, so powerful
that the woman must act on her sexual
impulses irrespective of the
consequences.
This is an experience typically reserved
for only the most socially powerful men.
The average guy has to jump through a
whole bunch of hoops to get laid. It is
difficult and expensive for him to have
sex. So we can consider this type of
pornography to be an indirect wish
fulfillment for power. It is their way
to vicariously experience
what top men feel. That is that the
women just can't seem to help
themselves.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group

[05:01]
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard
again. If pornography is a
wishfulfilling fantasy of power, its
prevalence would suggest that most men
feel powerless. And this is confirmed
when we examine the fantasies of
actually powerful men. Men who can and
do get what they want in reality. These
men may still have fantasies revolving
around aggression and violation which is
what we would expect if sex is about
power but in the opposite direction.
That is in their fantasies these
powerful men are the ones being
humiliated, objectified and
disrespected.
To give an example, in college, I dated
a woman who went on to become a
dominatrix in an underground dungeon,
and she would tell me about her

[06:00]
and she would tell me about her
experiences from time to time. Her
clientele was composed of high earning
lawyers and stock brokers and other
professionals who could afford her
$1,000 an hour price tag. And she told
me that her most requested service
was catheterization.
And I should mention that my friend was
not a trained nurse. Can you imagine
what it would feel like to have a hose
stuck up your urethra by someone who
didn't know what she was doing? And yet
these high-powered men apparently lined
up for the experience. The second most
requested experience for the record was
to have their balls trampled while being
verbally abused. Do you get the picture?
When men actually have power, they
typically do not fantasize about having
more of it, but less of it. And this
could be part of a human nature that
seems to always yearn for what is
missing. It's kind of akin to the way

[07:01]
missing. It's kind of akin to the way
that royalty used to secretly go about
in plain clothes in order to experience
real peasant life and a slice of
authentic living.
That said, most male pornography is not
humiliating and doineering, at least not
from the men's perspective, which speaks
to the general sense of powerlessness
felt by the typical user of pornography.
And we really shouldn't see these kinds
of relationships if sex had nothing to
do with power. In any case, that's why
male pornography is so transgressive. It
doesn't reflect men's desire to
transgress, per se, but it fulfills
men's wish to be powerful.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who geeks out on this
psychoanalytic stuff because it's word
of mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other

[08:00]
help to make the channel grow. Other
value props. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the foundations of
interexual relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly live group consultations
and host Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. It's a great
group. We have a lot of fun. Check it
out. A lot of value in all these
resources that isn't reproduced here.
So, the links to everything are in the
description below. Please check them out
if you haven't done so already. As
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.