[00:00]
Women hate when I have this conversation
often. They get really upset, but it's
like getting cheated on sucks. If you're
getting cheated on, it's terrible. If
you're getting cheated on, also cheating
itself is immoral cuz you're lying to
the other person. But it seems to have a
much more deletarious effect on a man's
status than it does on a woman's.
There's a double standard when there.
&gt;&gt; Sure, there's plenty of double
standards. I think inequality is the
norm, not the exception, when it comes
to men and women in various respects,
though we're loathed to admit that in
today's day and age. I think a lot of
the pain and the emotional upsurgence
that happens in the wake of female
infidelity in men is has to do with the
loss of status. Absolutely. Because for
better or for worse, it's harder to
determine a man's social standing at a
glance. Like a competent, kind
neurosurgeon who makes seven figures a
year could be just some guy at a local
bar and he could drink all night by
himself. Women's status and their
attractiveness is more visible and
overt.
&gt;&gt; They carry it with them. Exactly. Also,
because of the way that male and female

[01:00]
because of the way that male and female
status is calculated differentially,
that beautiful woman, all things being
equal, is going to be with a high status
man, even if he's not as physically
beautiful as she is. Right? That's kind
of the trade-off. It's the sex object
versus success object. So, we also
assume that a woman who is more
physically attractive has access to more
and more attractive suitors. So if a
beautiful woman who we presume has lots
of optionality is with that man in
particular, we can assume that there
must be more than meets the eye with
respect to that guy. Right? Okay. Now
bring in the other guy. So if that man
is seen with the woman, especially if
it's his wife or his woman, that man has
committed a great deal of resources in
the service of that relationship. If a
woman sleeps with another guy, one, it
suggests that there was something that
was higher status about that man that
attracted her to him. So that's already
kind of a blow to that first the
husband's social standard.
&gt;&gt; And the second guy didn't commit all the

[02:00]
&gt;&gt; And the second guy didn't commit all the
resources.
&gt;&gt; So the guy's going to feel bamboozled
because he paid way more
&gt;&gt; for the same product. Yeah.