[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is pet
or partner.
So today we're going to be talking about
two of the many, many different
structures romantic relationships can
assume. Just like there is more than one
way to structure a company, there is
more than one way to structure a
romantic relationship. Think about it.
Some organizations present themselves as
very egalitarian. They're flat. They're
collaborative. They're culture focused
and people forward. And there are other
companies that are very hierarchical.
They're demanding. They're competitive.
They're outcome focused and meritbased.
Folks in these latter companies are
incentivized to optimize their
performance. and they understand that
their results take precedence over their
relationships. If that doesn't work for
some people, they have absolutely no

[01:01]
some people, they have absolutely no
obligation to seek employment there and
they can content themselves with one of
the less stressful but generally
lowerpaying alternatives. There is no
need to structure all companies the
same. Similarly, there is no need to
structure all relationships the same
way. There are pros and cons to all the
various relationship structures and it
falls to each individual to decide for
him or herself what works best. This is
essential because you can't have it both
ways. Just like you can't have, say, the
supportive culture of the flat
organization and the competitive salary
of the hierarchical organization, there
are definite trade-offs when it comes to
how romantic relationships are
structured.
Today, I'm going to be talking about two
of the most common romantic relationship
structures and their respective pros and
cons so that you can make an informed

[02:00]
cons so that you can make an informed
decision as to which structure works
best. While there are many, many ways to
structure romantic relationships, two of
the most prevalent are pet and partner.
Pet is going to rub people the wrong
way. They prefer partner because they
believe the term to be more respectful.
However, I would argue that it is only
more respectful when it is applied
accurately. And partner is actually much
more prone to mislication than the other
term. In any case, let's start with pet.
First and foremost, to allay your
outrage, the thing you have to
understand about this relationship
structure is that for better or worse,
people tend to treat their pets better
than they treat their partners. I'll say
that again. People tend to treat their
pets better than they treat their
partners.

[03:00]
partners.
Because what is a pet? A pet is
typically just a source of love and joy.
People make up songs about their pets.
They have 18 different pet names for
their pets. They have more pictures of
their pets on their phones than they do
of their partners. And more than
anything else, they typically just want
to make sure that their pets are safe
and happy. People put in a lot of effort
into their relationships with their pets
because they just love them so very very
much. They're just so sweet and cute,
right? But this relationship is
predicated on a very clear power
differential.
In fact, I would argue that it requires
a very clear power differential in order
to operate. Pet and keeper are not on
the same level and there are privileges
and responsibilities associated with
each of those roles. Like the keeper has
to feed the pet, not the other way

[04:01]
to feed the pet, not the other way
around. The keeper has to shelter the
pet, not the other way around. But in
return for assuming these
responsibilities, the keeper enjoys
privileges that the pet does not, such
as the privilege of deciding where and
when to go on walks, for instance. And
that's kind of fair, right? Unequal
responsibilities but unequal privileges.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,

[05:01]
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
On the other hand, partner implies a
much smaller power differential. In
fact, I would argue that it requires a
much smaller power differential in order
to operate. Two partners kind of have to
be on the same level, otherwise they're
not really partners. If one partner
accurately or not believes that he or
she is more competent than the other or
is putting in more effort than the
other, then that's going to destroy that
partnership. And in fact, if you look at
most of the fights that couples have,
they tend to be along these lines.
Partnerships are formed to mitigate
deficiencies in skill and ability in
order to accomplish a mutually defined
goal.
This is why the successful ones are

[06:01]
This is why the successful ones are
always always always based on
complimentarity.
I'm going to be the CEO and you're going
to be the CFO. We do not need two CEOs.
Two CEOs is just asking for trouble. And
the entire point of putting up with the
trouble of relating to you is based on
my recognition that I need you or
someone with your skill set to reach my
goal and get what I want. And that's why
the fundamental rule of partnership is
everyone do your [ __ ] job. Like no
one is going to come up with cute little
songs about their CFO.
they would probably feel demeaning
anyway. And in any case, ain't nobody
got time for that. I've got my hands
full and I expect you to be carrying
your weight as well. And if I end up
being more useful and productive than
you, then we're going to have a problem.

[07:03]
you, then we're going to have a problem.
This is what people really, really don't
understand about partnerships. They
think that just because they're
partners,
that is because they've decided to
structure the relationship that way,
that they are equals.
Like they think they are equals by
virtue of the fact they are partners.
But when it comes to people, there are
vast differences when it comes to
competence and effort. And a partnership
can only be sustained between equals.
That means that it's actually the other
way around. They are partners by virtue
of the fact that they are equals.
A partnership formed between people of
unequal competence and effort cannot
succeed. I'll say that again. A
partnership formed between people of
unequal competence or effort cannot

[08:00]
unequal competence or effort cannot
succeed. It's impossible.
On the other hand, that inequality is
decidedly not a problem when it comes to
pets. No one expects the pet to put in
as much effort as the keeper. No one
expects the pet to be as competent as
the keeper. And that, of course, doesn't
mean that the keeper just abuses and
disrespects the pet. No, a pet is a
source of love and joy for most keepers.
Do you understand?
The issue is that people want both. They
want the privileges of being or having a
pet and the privileges of being or
having a partner. And it don't work that
way. So, people need to be real honest
with themselves about who they are and
what they want. Trust me, there are
plenty of people out there who would be
happy being a pet in the sense of having
their needs taken care of for them and

[09:02]
their needs taken care of for them and
having a relationship that is primarily
founded upon emotional connection.
However, these people also have to
accept the inequality inherent in that
arrangement which is actually what makes
the relationship stressfree for the pet.
But if the pet also wants to be like an
equal decision maker in the
relationship, then that's a pet wanting
to be a partner, which would mean that
that person would have to get to work
and hold up his or her end of the
bargain.
On the other hand, if people want an
egalitarian structure with shared power
and control
and they want the romance and the
feelings and the pampered consideration,
then they are also not thinking clearly.
You signed up to be a co-founder, which
means that you are here to work. You
have a job to do and I will remind you
of that as long as you're in that role.
And you can't slack off ever. Just how

[10:03]
And you can't slack off ever. Just how
it is. like you get maybe once a year
you go out and blow off some steam but
the rest of the time you are hard at
work. That's how partnerships work.
It also means if we're talking about
partnerships that if I'm becoming more
competent or active, if I'm growing,
then you kind of have to grow too
because if the competence or effort gap
gets too big, then we're no longer going
to be equals. And the partnership rather
than reflect a natural equality is going
to impose a forced equality which is
unsustainable. Remember, there are pros
and cons to being a pet and there are
pros and cons to being a partner. So,
it's important for people to be honest
with themselves with respect to their
intentions because they are not going to
be able to get everything. And that's
okay. It turns out that you just might
not need everything in order to be

[11:01]
not need everything in order to be
happy. In general, the larger the gap in
age, status, wealth, and ability, the
more likely you're going to have a
keeper pet relationship. And this can be
very satisfying for both parties
because, as I've said, people tend to
treat their pets better than they treat
their partners. People expect things
from their partners. They don't
typically expect things from their pets.
A pet could [ __ ] on the floor in front
of the house guests and it's still going
to be your little schmoopy. Do you
understand?
On the other hand, where there is
comparable age, status, wealth, and
ability, and for as long as there is
comparable age, status, wealth, and
ability, there is likely a partner
relationship. And this structure is not
for idlers. You can get a lot done, but
it's a structure based on complimentary
skill sets in order to achieve a
superordinate goal. Hope I clear a few
things up with that. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?

[12:00]
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know somebody who
needs or wants to hear this. Send it
along because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
props. Anyone looking to join my free
weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the economic model of
interexual relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host group consultation calls and Q&As
with invited guests from all over the
internet. It's a great group. We have a
lot of fun. Check it out. Links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.