[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is
spilling the tea. So this episode is
going to be about the tea app. In case
you haven't heard, as of last week, tea
was the most downloaded app on the app
store, beating out even chat GPT. So
what is this virally popular piece of
software all about?
The app is ostensibly about making
dating safer for women, which is really
smart marketing because what monster
would be opposed to that, right?
Well, you're about to meet him. I wanted
to get this episode out as quickly as
possible because I strongly believe that
not only will this app not accomplish
its intended goal. That is, I do not
believe it will make dating safer for
women, but that it actually has the
potential to completely destroy a dating

[01:02]
potential to completely destroy a dating
market that as it stands is already
hanging on by a thread.
Let's get to it.
First, you have to know that the app is
exclusively for women. Men can't join.
Their voices are intentionally excluded.
Now, leaving aside the legality of this,
the app intends to create a safe space
for women to screen men in advance of
dating them. And this is accomplished in
two main ways. First, by allowing women
to leave anonymous, uncorroborated,
one-sided reviews of men they've dated.
And second, by allowing women to use a
reverse image search on dating app
pictures to run background checks on men
that reveal personally identifying
information, including their phone
numbers and home addresses.
The idea is that women can use the app
to stay safe by avoiding bad men. That

[02:00]
to stay safe by avoiding bad men. That
is, men who exhibit red flags or who
date more than one woman simultaneously.
Shock. the price of that safety being,
of course, the reputation of the man in
question. But hey, it's a man we've
already decided is bad, so who cares,
right? Who's going to defend that guy?
It's like if begging the question were
an app, right? And it's not like women
who were dumped or who failed to secure
a relationship with a particular man
would have an axe to grind or anything.
In fact, we can probably assume that
these women will be so honest and
even-handed that we won't even need to
hear the other side of the story, which
is fortunate because of course we won't.
As I've said, you only need to exercise
a modicum of critical thinking to
understand that this is a terrible,
terrible, terrible idea.
Why? Well, let's start with its
ineffectiveness.
Publicly shaming and doxying men

[03:04]
Publicly shaming and doxying men
is absolutely
not not
going to make dating safer for women.
Let's take the most obvious example.
There are some violent and aggressive
men out there that women would
justifiably want to protect themselves
from. Pop quiz. If a woman were actually
to encounter one of these men on a date,
which course of action would keep her
safer? Is it A, going to the authorities
with her evidence and concerns, or B,
talking a bunch of [ __ ] about him behind
his back?
like making anonymous, uncorroborated,
reputationending accusations against men
on a national scale is not going to make
things safer for women. If they're
actually dealing with one of the few
truly unhinged ones, it will likely

[04:00]
truly unhinged ones, it will likely
provoke him instead. Now, you might
think, well, how would he know? Men
aren't allowed on the app, and the
reviews are anonymous, right? Well,
they're anonymous to other users, but
based on the tone and content of the
review, it probably wouldn't be too
difficult for the man in question to
figure out who wrote it. And while men
aren't allowed on the app, the app has
already been hacked.
Go figure. The personal identifying
information of tens of thousands of its
users has already been leaked publicly.
I trust the irony isn't lost on you.
After all, the whole point of tea is to
leak personal and private information
about men without their consent because
safety. And I can't help but wonder if
those women feel safer now that their
names and home addresses are out for the
world to see.
The fact of the matter is that truly
dangerous men only make up a very small

[05:02]
dangerous men only make up a very small
percentage of the dating pool. They are
not going to be the ones most affected
by this app. Just like the Me Too
movement, tea might get rid of a few bad
apples, but it will cause the rest of
men, the vast majority of men, to become
even more wary of women than they
already are. Here's a question I'm often
asked. Why don't men approach women
anymore? Hm. Like, do you think it might
have to do with the fear of being
labeled inappropriate, creepy, or
harassing? And pop quiz the second, who
do you think would be more afraid of
being labeled in that way? Is it a
inappropriate creepy harassers or b
decent guys with something to lose?
Now imagine that instead of just being
labeled by a single woman in a private
encounter as inappropriate or creepy,
men who go on a date can now be labeled

[06:00]
men who go on a date can now be labeled
by every woman as inappropriate or
creepy. And that the details of their
date can now potentially be shared on a
global level and preserved in
perpetuity. Oh, and without any recourse
to correction, you know, just on the off
chance that the woman, I don't know,
left something out or didn't quite get
everything exactly right. I know, I
know. It's extremely unlikely that a
woman would change or admit details to
make herself look better or make herself
look like a victim, but hypothetically,
just in the multiverse of possibilities,
we have to agree that it could happen
under these conditions. Pop quiz number
three. Do you think men are going to a
more or be less likely to date women?
If me too scared men out of approaching
women, then tea has the possibility of
terrifying men out of dating altogether.

[07:00]
terrifying men out of dating altogether.
This is because even a single bad review
might effectively cancel a man forever.
Why? Because a single negative review
can be more powerful than even dozens of
positive ones. Like, I've known girls
who have spent hours reading reviews for
a $15 haird dryer online. 99% of those
reviews could say the dryer is awesome.
But if one of them complains that the
cord is too short, then suddenly she's
thinking of a situation in which she
might potentially want a longer cord,
and boom, she's not buying that haird
dryer anymore. Any business owner knows
how damaging even a single negative
review can be, but at least they have
the chance to read and respond to the
reviews in question. Uh-uh. Not so on
tea, where being a girl's girl means
gossiping. That's what it is. Like, I
don't know what other word would be more
appropriate for what this is. When you

[08:02]
appropriate for what this is. When you
speak about someone in a way that you
don't want anyone else to know about,
you're gossiping. And gossiping is a
form of aggression, relational
aggression, which irony number two is
what T is ostensibly interested in
preventing.
Guess it doesn't count when a woman
doesn't, huh?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
hope to see you aboard.
No one, man or woman, is going to be
universally liked. Anonymously interview

[09:01]
universally liked. Anonymously interview
every person anyone has ever dated. And
I guarantee there's going to be some bad
reports. And this is why an app like Te
is fundamentally flawed. It cannot
possibly show a man in a positive light.
It can't. Even if the reports are mostly
positive, a negative review will likely
be more impactful. It will both precede
any potential interaction a man might
have with a woman and follow him for the
rest of his life. A man with only
positive reviews
is not possible. Why? Because a woman
who reports that there is absolutely
nothing bad about a man she did not end
up with
self-inccriminates.
If she dumped him, it potentially
incriminates her as foolish or
delusional for rejecting a perfectly
fine man. Or if he dumped her, it

[10:02]
fine man. Or if he dumped her, it
potentially incriminates her as being
too damaged or unattractive to maintain
his commitment. And very few women are
going to stand up and declare that they
fumbled a perfectly good thing all on
their own. Women can and routinely do
throw men under the bus to save face
with their friends and family who
generally do not challenge their
interpretation of events. This creates
an echo chamber that reifies their
official narratives in a positive
feedback loop.
The best a man could possibly hope for
in this case is to not be featured on
the app at all, which could also be
tantamount to a negative review as it
suggests that literally no woman has
wanted to date him. Women want what
other women want, which in this case
means that women want men that other
women want but can't have. And we can
presume these women to comprise a

[11:00]
presume these women to comprise a
sizable portion of the reviewers of any
desirable man. Paradoxically, the only
men who could have only positive reviews
are the men that women don't want. And
these men would have no women to review
them.
And now we'll come to the kicker. One of
the primary functions of the app is to
determine whether any other women happen
to be dating the man in question so that
they can move on to someone more
available.
And I'm just going to save all you women
the trouble. He is he is the man you
want is dating someone else in some
capacity. But here's the thing. If you
cancel all the guys who are dating more
than one of you at once,
there's not going to be anyone left for
you to date. I'll repeat that. If you
cancel all the guys who are dating more
than one of you at once, there's not
going to be anyone left for you to date.
Let me explain.

[12:01]
Let me explain.
Here's the thing about women. They could
date anyone, but they don't. When it
comes to dating apps, we know that women
only swipe on the top 20% of men. This
means that those top 20% of men are
getting 100% of the female interest. If
this interest were evenly distributed,
which it isn't, that would mean five
women for every one man. Ladies, on what
[ __ ] planet do you think that a top
tier man who's getting all this interest
from women, at least some of whom are
more attractive than you, is just going
to turn down all that juicy opportunity
or sit around waiting for you to show
up?
As I've argued previously, women are
making society more polygamous. Top tier
men have more sexual optionality today
than at any point in human history.
But somehow women think these men are
just going to [ __ ] with them.
What? As I discuss in my book, men can

[13:01]
What? As I discuss in my book, men can
be exclusive, but only if that woman is
more attractive than all his other
options. And the more options he has,
the less likely this will be the case
for any one woman. Of course, these
desirable men are dating other women. To
assume otherwise would be naive or
absurd. But if most women want to date
the top tier men, and if most top tier
men are dating multiple women, then if
you disqualify these men, who's going to
be left for most women to date? If they
cancel those guys, it's not like women
are suddenly going to find the bottom
80% of men to be attractive. Any app
that purports to disqualify even more
men from the dating pool is not going to
help women get what they want.
Just like the MeToo movement scared
regular guys out of approaching women,
apps like Tea have the potential to

[14:00]
apps like Tea have the potential to
terrify men out of dating women
altogether. When doing something wrong
on a date, or more realistically, doing
something that a particular woman just
didn't like might follow you for the
rest of your life. Men are not going to
magically be better. They are going to
realistically walk the [ __ ] out.
Which leaves what? Pickup at a bar. Ugh,
that's creepy. Asking out a coworker? H,
that's an HR complaint. And now dating
apps come with the risk of being
publicly shamed or permanently
embarrassed in a one-sided kangaroo
court. that anyone thought this could
possibly create positive change is
absolutely baffling. Tea is going to
make dating safer in the same way that
killing the patient cures a disease.
I'm not convinced that it's worth it.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this

[15:00]
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
Other value props. If anyone wants to
join my free weekly newsletter or book a
paid individual consultation with yours
truly, you can do so on my website.
There's also my book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore interexual
dynamics, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and host Q&A with invited guests
from all over the internet. The links to
everything are in the description below.
Check them out. Lot of good value there.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.