[00:00]
So, this episode is going to be about
the T app. In case you haven't heard, as
of last week, T was the most downloaded
app on the app store, beating out even
chat GPT. So, what is this virally
popular piece of software all about? The
app is ostensibly about making dating
safer for women, which is really smart
marketing because what monster would be
opposed to that, right? Well, you're
about to meet him. I wanted to get this
episode out as quickly as possible
because I strongly believe that not only
will this app not accomplish its
intended goal. That is, I do not believe
it will make dating safer for women, but
that it actually has the potential to
completely destroy a dating market that
as it stands is already hanging on by a
thread. Let's get to it. First, you have
to know that the app is exclusively for
women. Men can't join. their voices are
intentionally excluded. Now, leaving

[01:01]
intentionally excluded. Now, leaving
aside the legality of this, the app
intends to create a safe space for women
to screen men in advance of dating them.
And this is accomplished in two main
ways. First, by allowing women to leave
anonymous, uncorroborated, one-sided
reviews of men they've dated. And
second, by allowing women to use a
reverse image search on dating app
pictures to run background checks on men
that reveal personally identifying
information, including their phone
numbers and home addresses. The idea is
that women can use the app to stay safe
by avoiding bad men. That is, men who
exhibit red flags or who date more than
one woman simultaneously. Shock. the
price of that safety being, of course,
the reputation of the man in question.
But hey, it's a man we've already
decided is bad, so who cares, right?
Who's going to defend that guy? It's
like if begging the question were an
app, right? And it's not like women who

[02:00]
app, right? And it's not like women who
were dumped or who failed to secure a
relationship with a particular man would
have an axe to grind or anything. In
fact, we can probably assume that these
women will be so honest and even-handed
that we won't even need to hear the
other side of the story, which is
fortunate because of course we W.