[00:00]
to my next point which was attraction
comes first. I love this idea. The idea
that uh you put it so succinctly the
idea is like women will say they want
loyalty and kindness and all these other
things but yet they'll date a man who
didn't have all those other things and
why did they sleep with him? You have
some female friends and all five of them
complain about this one guy named Brock
and they say all these things that are
wrong with him
&gt;&gt; and they've all slept with Brock and
you're like well if you all slept with
Brock then that means something else was
more important. Can you go into that?
&gt;&gt; Sure. Uh it's one of my more popular
episodes. It's called the part that
women always leave out. This was
something that confused me in my 20s
when I would approach a number of women
that I knew out of the good faith desire
to learn what is the truth, the female
desire, so that I could give them what
they wanted so I could enter into a
fulfilling relationship with one. That
was what I was thinking. And I heard
things like, I want a nice guy. I want
to feel safe. I want uh somebody who's
reliable. Somebody who's loyal. Uh
someone who's very kind. And I'm
thinking, well, I'm all of those things.
I don't know why I'm having so much
trouble, especially compared to some of
the men that I've seen women in my mealu

[01:01]
the men that I've seen women in my mealu
date. So, it speaks to what you were
talking about. And I realize that
there's a part that these women always
leave out because it's socially
unacceptable to say it out loud, but
they want all those things kind of, but
they want them from the men that they're
already attracted to,
&gt;&gt; already attracted to.
&gt;&gt; That means that those things cannot
meaningfully contribute to attraction
because it takes time to determine
whether a man is kind or loyal. So women
sort of like I mean men do something
comparable where they look at the hot
woman and they're like sure hope she's
not crazy and they're just rolling the
dice and so the woman goes to these
attractive men and say I hope that he
doesn't cheat you know I hope that he's
a a nice guy and turns out so many of
them aren't right but that doesn't stop
people from wanting what they want
because saying that it's bad for them
filling their heads with what they
should like instead doesn't actually
change what people are attracted to.
This is very deep. It has a history that
stretches back hundreds of thousands of