[00:00]
Is there some sort of an evolutionary
explanation for why women in particular,
I don't know if this applies to men, I'm
sure it does in some way as well, is is
it just a shortcut way of just showing
that without doing all the
investigation, as long as women have
selected a certain type of man, it gives
them the security to know that at least
there's been a filtering process from
another person or multiple people and
it's just a way to shortcut what is in
high demand.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, if we're talking
specifically about sexual relationships,
I in my book use this extended metaphor
of the dock. I call the sexual
marketplace like this big dock where
captains are mooring up their ships and
passengers are walking up and down the
pier looking for passage on the right
boat. And there's just way too many
ships for any given passenger to examine
personally and certainly not at any
length. So one of the fastest huristics
like rules of thumb that passengers use
is to make decisions based on the size
of the crowd that's already standing in
front of a given boat. This is dangerous
because every other passenger who's

[01:00]
because every other passenger who's
standing in front of that boat might
also have chosen to stand in front of
that boat because other people were
already standing in front of it. But you
might make a reasonable case that at
least someone in that crowd has done
some due diligence, has done some
research, has actually seen the ship and
the captain and has made a decision that
this is actually a good place to stand.
But this is a way to cut to the chase
because you can assume that other people
whose time and opportunity is in limited
quantities aren't going to want to waste
them. And so people are going to go
where people already are. It's like the
Matthew principle with respect to sexual
relationships. the the me are you
familiar with the Matthew principle?
&gt;&gt; I'm not.
&gt;&gt; Um it's from a a verse of the Bible. I
think it's attributed to Jesus. I'll
paraphrase it. It's basically like to
those who have even more will be given
and to those who have not even the
little that they have will be taken from
them. So, it's almost like the rich get
richer, the poor get poorer kind of a