[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
why men lose interest in sex
habituation.
So this is the second episode in my
series on male sexuality. In the first
episode, I discussed familiarity and how
an attenuated vestark effect may be
responsible for the diminution in sexual
attraction among people who spend an
inordinate amount of time in a
family-like environment. Today, I'm
going to be talking about another
absolute killer of sexual attraction in
men, which I'm calling habituation. The
idea here is to help both men and women
better understand male sexuality so that
they can continue to have satisfying
sexual relationships through the years.
Let's get to it. For better or worse,
males, not just men, but males
throughout both the plant and animal

[01:00]
throughout both the plant and animal
kingdoms, have more or less decided that
their best shot at genetic survival is
to spread their seed far and wide. For
example, men produce billions of viable
sperm in the same time women produce a
single fertilizable egg. The hope is
that if males overextend their efforts,
then odds are good that something is
going to stick somewhere. And even
better, if their some things stick in
multiple somewares, as the ensuing
genetic variation will increase the
likelihood that some of their offspring
will survive under various environmental
conditions. It is what it is.
As a consequence, men have also evolved
a psychological apparatus that supports
this biological strategy which we call
the culage effect. The cooage effect
which has been established in not just

[02:00]
which has been established in not just
human men but in males more generally is
the psychological phenomenon that males
find novel sexual partners more
attractive than partners they have
already slept with. For instance, male
rats who have copulated to exhaustion
with a specific female will suddenly
perk up if a new female is introduced
into the environment. This isn't to say
that the new female is more objectively
attractive than the first. Rather, the
culage effect kind of hoodwinks males
into being more energetic in the pursuit
of novel sexual partners for the
purposes of genetic variability.
Now, there's a funny story about the
origin of the Koolage effect, so I might
as well tell it now if you haven't heard
it already. It's included as a footnote
in the relevant chapter of my book. So,
a while back, US President Calvin Culage
and his wife were visiting a farm, and
the two were given individual tours of

[03:00]
the two were given individual tours of
the property by the farmer. First was
the first lady. Along the way, the
farmer and Mrs. Koolage stopped in front
of a hen house while the rooster was in
the middle of populating with a head. To
make light of the situation, Mrs. Kulage
asked the farmer, "Does the rooster do
that very often?" To which the farmer
replied, "Oh yes, ma'am, about seven or
eight times a day. He is very potent."
So the first lady responded, "H very
interesting.
Make sure you tell that to the
president."
Okay. Later that day, the farmer gave
the president his private tour, and the
two of them stopped in front of the
self-same hen house. The farmer, true to
his word, told Kulage that his wife had
wanted him to know that the rooster
there populated seven or eight times a
day on average. Not to be outdone, the
president thought about this for a
second and replied, "Is it with the same

[04:00]
second and replied, "Is it with the same
hen?" And the farmer said, "Oh Lord, no,
Mr. president, he has the run of the hen
house. So Koolage replied, make sure you
tell that to the first lady. And that's
the apocryphal story that lends its name
to the Koolage effect. Now, there is
some evidence that the comparable effect
exists in females, but the evidence is
mixed and even when it is present, it's
much smaller than the effect shown in
males. So, I think it's actually fair to
say that the Koolage effect is just a
fact of male sexuality, which makes
sense given their overarching sexual
strategy previously discussed.
But what do we do in relationships? We
lock men up, or rather men lock
themselves up into sexually exclusive
monogamy. And this decision strangles
one of the drivers of male sexuality,
namely novelty.
Without novelty, habituation starts to

[05:01]
Without novelty, habituation starts to
kick in, which kills sexual attraction
in men. Once again, this habituation is
in the service of the reproductive
imperative. It's a man's mind very
helpfully telling him to move on. It's
telling him, "Come on, look, buddy.
You've had plenty of sex with this
particular woman already. If it hasn't
happened by now, maybe it's not ever
going to happen." And in any case, let's
get a move on while we still got some
time left. It is what it is. Now, this
is all generally deeply unconscious.
However, it can still be very painful
for both the man and the woman to
experience in the context of a committed
relationship. But trying to shame this
biological impulse as something toxic or
immature in men is about as sensical as
trying to shame women who demonstrate an
urge to have children with their single
best option. The two are after all

[06:01]
best option. The two are after all
closely linked to evolved strategies for
reproductive success. So, I think it's a
better idea to accept this reality about
male sexuality and plan accordingly.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
So, what can we do about this? As far as
I can tell, there are really only four,

[07:02]
I can tell, there are really only four,
count them, four solutions to this
problem in the context of a long-term
relationship. There are pros and cons to
each, but as far as I can tell, they
represent the totality of responses to
the demonstrated need of males for
novelty. The first is to get creative.
Walk into any adult superstore and what
do you find? wigs, costumes, props, and
accessories, all of which are designed
directly or indirectly to turn your
partner into someone else. The goal is
to trick, at least partially and
temporarily, a man's biology into
thinking it's not [ __ ] his wife. So,
if you want to stay together, you may
have to get creative. You may have to
play dress up or you may have to do some
role playing or you may have to seek out
new environments or impose rules and
regulations.
That is, you may have to do something in

[08:00]
That is, you may have to do something in
order to inject some novelty into a
relationship in the absence of a truly
novel partner.
Now, some people are creative and some
people just aren't. It is what it is.
And even those who are creative often
have to bend over backwards trying to
inject a novelty that is only partially
satisfying into a relationship. There
may in fact be easier solutions like
number two, open the relationship. Oh
boy, we went there. Perhaps it's open on
both sides. Maybe it's an asymmetrical
arrangement, but the prospect of actual
occasional novelty has helped many,
many, many, many men remain in long-term
relationships. As Alexander Duma wrote,
"The chain of marriage is so heavy that
it takes two to bear it, sometimes
three." On some level, it is a smart

[09:01]
three." On some level, it is a smart
woman who does not force a man to choose
between her and literally every other
woman on the planet forever. Because
over the long run, she probably isn't
going to win. In any case, women find a
solution to this problem, which is I'm
sorry. In any case, women finding a
solution to this problem, which is the
number one source of commitment
hesitancy in men
is often necessary in order to seal the
deal with high value options.
And this is something that many
non-western cultures and pre-Christian
western cultures just kind of
understood. There's the wife and there's
the mistress. And those two people were
actually different people until about a
century ago with the global
proliferation of the love marriage. And
we see how well that is turning out.
Throughout history, no one expected the
wife to be the lover or the lover to be

[10:00]
wife to be the lover or the lover to be
the wife. But today, we want both in the
same person and six or seven other
things besides.
Now, opening a relationship obviously
solves the problem under discussion, but
it can be difficult for people to
navigate emotionally. Some people can do
it and some people just can't. It is
what it is. And of course, having
multiple relationships can just increase
your problems. So, you kind of have to
have the resources, emotional and
financial, for that kind of a thing. And
this leads us to option number three.
Carry your cross. We can think of this
as the Christian response to the Koolage
effect. It's kind of like, suck it up,
buttercup.
That desire for novelty is going to be
with you for as long as you live.
Good. Keep the desire alive and
perpetually sacrifice it on the altar of
your marriage. It hurts, but it makes

[11:00]
your marriage. It hurts, but it makes
you stronger. And it's partly that
sacrifice that lends value to your
relationship and matures you as a man.
Of course, all of that energy has to go
somewhere and it's probably not going in
the misses. And that's why there's no
one more productive than a husband who
isn't getting any. That man is up at
6:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning. There are
lawns to mow and go, something to repair
somewhere. Geez. After all, he's got to
keep his hands busy doing something or
the free time might just drive him
crazy. Nothing like sexual frustration
for some good old-fashioned neurotic
productivity.
And finally, we come to the fourth
option. Dig a nice little grave and bury
your little libido underground. Since
feeling a desire that you have no hope
of satisfying might just drive you
insane, perhaps it's best not to feel it
at all. Anesthetize yourself with TV and

[12:01]
at all. Anesthetize yourself with TV and
alcohol or what is more in vogue in
suburbia these days, cannabis. Get fat
and fill that void with food instead.
It'll drop your testosterone, too, so
you'll be killing two birds with one
stone. Cut off the desire to have sex
entirely. sex with your wife or sex with
really anyone else or fertively
masturbate to pornography when you think
you can get away with it. You're not
strong enough to carry a cross,
confident enough to open the
relationship, or creative enough to play
make believe, but you'll still want
novel sex because you're a man. As a
man, you'll want novel sex until the day
you die. So, you might as well
accelerate that process. As Mark Twain
wrote, "Most men die at 27. We just bury
them at 72."
In any case, those are the four options.
I'll leave it to you to decide which is
the most prevalent solution in today's
society and whether it truly is better

[13:00]
society and whether it truly is better
for both men and women than the
alternatives.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who needs to hear what I
just said because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
props. Anyone looking to join my free
weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with me can do
so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the fundamental
dynamics of interexual relationships,
and my private member community, The
Captain's Quarters, where I host group
consultation calls and Q&A with invited
guests from all over the internet. We
have a lot of fun. It's a great group.
You also get discounts on the
consultations as well, so check them
out. The links to everything are in the
description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and

[14:01]
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.