[00:00]
Here's the main argument I have for
hypergamy. It's the studies that show
that men are unemployed or
underemployed. No one wants to have sex
with them. Like, whenever we talk about
hypergamy, we keep talking about all the
women chasing after the top 10% of men,
and we keep leaving out that bottom
third of men. Scott Galloway says it, no
one wants to mate with broke men. And
so, if no one wants to mate with broke
men, then that's the other side of
hypergamy that everyone seems to ignore.
this loneliness, this ep epidemic, the
men taking their own lives at a at a
massive rate, especially after divorce,
these kind of things. To me, that is
more of a sign of hypergamy. The men
that are left behind, 80% of men on
dating apps deemed unattractive.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like, how can we look at those
statistics and not believe that the
economic model of relationships is
valid? Like,
&gt;&gt; if relationships weren't transactional,
why are these bottom 30% of men on fire?
&gt;&gt; Yes. It's like, are you saying that
there's no good, kind, honest men who
would make loyal boyfriends in that

[01:00]
would make loyal boyfriends in that
bottom 30%. Yeah, I find that very
difficult to believe.
&gt;&gt; I was at dinner last week. She's a
model. She was on the cover of Maxim. We
were just having dinner. She's here for
a crypto conference. She's giving a
speech and we were having a discussion
and I was explaining I see her cuz she's
very intelligent. She's very pretty. And
we're having we're at tooka and I was
explaining to her this concept of men
and women whenever they see un there's a
study on this. Whenever they see
unattractive people, they dehumanize
them in their brain. like you'd see them
as less of a human, but the the
phenomenon is more pronounced in
females. And there's a reason for this.
Women are more subject to disgust than
men are. And I explained to her, I was
like, when women complain about men, I
hear women all the time say, "All most
men cheat." I was like, "That's not true
at all. Most men don't cheat. The men
you notice cheat more likely." And so
what we had this discussion and I and I
said, I was like, I I you don't notice
most men. I'm just telling you, you
don't. You're too beautiful. And then
she goes, that's not me. That's other
women. And then I go, tell me about our
buser. And she goes, "We have a buser."
And I was like, "The skinny black dude
standing right over there, that was our
buser. You don't even remember he exists
because he wasn't part of your reticular

[02:01]
because he wasn't part of your reticular
activation system doesn't see him
because he wasn't attractive." And it's
one of these craziest things where men
think the women hate you. They don't
hate you. They don't even see