[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is
Psychacks better living through
psychology and the topic of today's
short talk is the magic ring. So this
episode is for men and specifically men
who are on the fence about advancing
their relationship to the next level. A
healthy dose of caution is called for
under the circumstances. It's perfectly
normal not to feel completely prepared
to take the next step. However, you
should feel a kind of guarded optimism
about doing so. On the other hand, there
is absolutely no universe, none, in
which you should ever promote a woman to
fiance or wife when the relationship is
not working. I'll say that again. Never
promote a woman when the relationship is
not working. And the fact that I'm going
out of my way to say something that
should be perfectly obvious to any

[01:01]
should be perfectly obvious to any
rational adult should tell you, at least
when it comes to relationships, just how
rare rationality can be. A lot of men
believe in the magic ring. That is that
a ring will solve the problems that
exist in a relationship. And I'm here to
tell you boys that you should have
stopped believing in magic a long time
ago. That is just an overpriced rock, my
friend. If you think it is imbued with a
greater power than that, then your love
of the halfling's leaf has clearly
slowed your mind. There is no magic
ring. Whatever problems exist now when
the relationship is entirely at will and
unburdened by any real responsibility
will not only persist, they will grow
10fold when you introduce marriage into
the equation.
So where does this far-fetched idea come
from? In the majority of cases, this
belief actually doesn't originate in

[02:02]
belief actually doesn't originate in
men. It is insinuated into men's minds
by women.
And women do this in two significant
ways. In the first way, a woman starts
to act pouty or petulant or withdrawn.
She tells you that she's behaving this
way because she just doesn't feel secure
enough in the relationship. After all,
how can she possibly feel safe in the
absence of a permanent commitment? We
can think of this as the soft launch of
the direct ultimatum for marriage which
typically ensues a few months later.
Now there is a grain of truth to this
declaration.
When there is too much insecurity in a
relationship, the woman is going to feel
anxious. And this is something that you
will have to contend with. like few
people are going to be able to thrive in
a job in which they are constantly

[03:00]
a job in which they are constantly
threatened with getting fired.
But by the same token,
people still work jobs in the absence of
permanent security. Like unless you're
the Pope or a Supreme Court justice, you
have to contend with the reality that
your position is only provisionally
secure and what security you do enjoy is
largely tied to your efforts and
outcomes.
And guess what? Women still feel
comfortable moving forward with careers
in the absence of a permanent
commitment.
The level of security that women expect
in their sexual relationships is
excessive. It's excessive. They do not
make similar demands of their family or
their friends or their employers. And
when they're sufficiently unhappy with a
given man, they also show little
compunction with respect to doing it
themselves. Right? So don't fall for

[04:00]
themselves. Right? So don't fall for
that
This tactic is actually a form of
negative reinforcement. Negative
reinforcement is when we elicit the
desired behavior by removing an aversive
stimulus. By first becoming unstable or
uninterested
and then proposing a solution to her
self-imposed problem, she's suggesting
that you'll be able to change her
behavior, which she has always ever had
control over if you just gave her what
she wanted.
That is not true. And God help you if
you actually believe that.
As I discussed in the episode, creating
a monster. Going along with this will
only consciously or not reinforce the
idea that in order to get what she
wants, all she has to do is make your
life sufficiently uncomfortable.
Keep giving in and you'll train your own
emotional terrorist. Don't say I didn't

[05:02]
emotional terrorist. Don't say I didn't
warn you.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, the second way that women can
insinuate the idea of the magic ring
into a man's mind is in the midst of a
breakup. A lot of you guys are involved
in on-again, off-again relationships,
which, trust me, is never a good sign.
Your exes are generally your exes for a
reason. The more you perpetuate this
dynamic, the more you reinforce a really

[06:01]
dynamic, the more you reinforce a really
dysfunctional cycle. A cycle
characterized by glorious reunion
followed by a slow descent into neglect
and resentment and boredom followed by a
big blowup fight followed by fear and
loneliness and regret followed by a
glorious reunion. This is actually a
kind of process addiction and it can
keep people in messed up relationships
for years and years.
In the midst of this cycle, typically
when they're in an offagain phase, the
man might begin to feel like the woman
is slipping away, like for real this
time, right? Maybe she isn't returning
his texts. Maybe she's getting involved
with somebody else. And this typically
induces a fair amount of panic in the
man. He's process addicted and just like
any other addicted, he needs to keep
getting and going bigger and bigger in
order to get an effective dose.

[07:00]
order to get an effective dose.
They've gotten back together so many
times already that it's going to take
something different, something special
to seal the deal this time.
I know. What if I wiped you up? Isn't
that what you always wanted? Surely
after all these years, you wouldn't turn
me away when your final victory is at
hand. In any case, that's how you know
I'm serious this time. I'm prepared to
do what I've never been willing to do
before. And it's like, no, brother. No,
no, no, no, no. That is a terrible idea.
You've got a lot of problems in that
relationship. Binding yourselves
together even more tightly is not going
to solve anything. In the vast majority
of cases, men who act this way are
making an emotional decision born out of
single-mindedness and the illusion of
scarcity. As painful as it might be, it
could be best to let that one go and
figure out what's preventing you from

[08:00]
figure out what's preventing you from
having more loving and stable
relationships.
Guys, if you really want to go in the
direction of the ring, I'm not going to
stop you. But I am going to ask you to
consider that the ring is really a
symbol. Namely, it's a symbol of a
relationship that actually works. A ring
is circular, that is, it's whole and
intact.
And a ring is gold, that is, it's
enduringly valuable. A ring does not
make a relationship whole or intact or
enduringly valuable. It's just a piece
of jewelry.
But a ring can be an acknowledgment of a
relationship that is already whole and
intact and enduringly valuable. And if
you give a ring to a woman if and only
if your relationship satisfies those
conditions, then it will be much less
likely that you will find yourself in a

[09:00]
likely that you will find yourself in a
position to have your gift returned
further down the road. It's the
relationship that makes the ring secure.
It's not the other way around.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know a guy who needs to hear what I just
said because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
props. Anyone looking to join my free
weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the fundamentals of
interexual relationships and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&As with invited
guests from all over the internet, among
other things. It's a lot of fun. It's a
great group. Please check it out. Links
to everything are in the description

[10:00]
to everything are in the description
below. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.