[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks, Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
why men lose interest in sex. Love. Yes,
you heard me right, love. This
surprising episode is my third in a
series on male sexuality in which I
attempt to correct some of the general
misunderstanding surrounding this topic.
And just a warning, I'm going to get a
little explicit today. Men can and do
lose interest in sex, and this can be
difficult and damaging for both parties
in a relationship. I've already talked
about familiarity and habituation as two
underappreciated suppressors of the male
sex drive. Today, I'm going to talk
about a contentious one, love.
Love can significantly hamper a man's
desire to [ __ ] There are a number of
reasons for this, so let's get to it.
First and foremost, we have to
understand that a lot of sex and

[01:01]
understand that a lot of sex and
especially [ __ ] is aggressive. It's
aggressive. That's why on some level in
a relationship, if you're fighting,
you're probably not [ __ ]
people, including your partner, are
annoying. They're annoying. And one of
the organic behavioral impulses embedded
in annoyance is aggression. aggression
in the service of protecting your space
insanity, but aggression nonetheless.
And that aggression has got to go
somewhere. If it's not dissipated in the
bedroom, it often gets voiced outside of
it. Consider all the various slang terms
we have for sex. Hit, bang, smash,
screw, pound, rock, bone, slam. These
are not gentle words. These are violent
words which would befit a transmuted
aggression. And if there's anything
diametrically opposed to violence and

[02:02]
diametrically opposed to violence and
aggression, it's love. Where you love,
you don't aggress. And where you
aggress, you don't love. Remove the
aggression and you might be able to
sweetly and tenderly make love, maybe,
but you definitely won't be able to
[ __ ]
Now, when a woman succeeds in conquering
a man's heart, or more frequently, when
a man surrenders his own, love
transforms a man's perception. As I've
said before, people can only love to the
depth of their understanding. Without
understanding, and in the beginning,
there can be no real understanding,
there can be no true love. What is
present in the beginning, however, is
attraction. Attraction has nothing to do
with understanding. Attraction is the
recognition of certain physical and
behavioral cues that stimulate desire
and motivate people to approach and

[03:01]
and motivate people to approach and
maintain. Attraction has been called
superficial
mostly because the cues like by
definition have to be observable whereas
interiority who a person really is like
by definition is presumed not to be. But
it actually reaches deep into a person's
biology and unconscious mind. And like
it or not, you kind of can't dispense
with it. This is because if a person
isn't pulled by desire, they're probably
not going to devote the time and effort
to moving toward and understanding the
other. This doesn't always happen, of
course, but it functionally never
happens without it. In any case, male
sexual attraction is heavily weighted
toward the visual. It is mostly based on
looking at the outside of the woman. Her
inside, which can't be seen, is largely
irrelevant.
And this is why we can say that male

[04:00]
And this is why we can say that male
sexual desire is founded upon
objectification.
This is not toxic or immature or
disordered.
It's the way men are on some level. Men
need to be able to objectify a woman in
order to desire her. Damn, I'd love to
slide into that.
Oh, men typically don't fantasize about
a woman with huge accomplishments or a
massive education. They are programmed
to respond sexually to physical and
behavioral cues that they can visually
observe.
Trying to change that is to try to make
men well not be men. It is what it is.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic

[05:02]
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
But here's the thing. When a man begins
to love a woman, then the interiority
begins to take priority over the
exteriority.
He begins to understand and value her,
the person in the body. And as the love
grows, so does the value he ascribes to
her person. She's not just any person.
She's a special person, a precious
person, a soulmate.
This motivates him to treat her more

[06:00]
This motivates him to treat her more
gently, more tenderly, and with greater
consideration. And this shift in
attitude has direct consequences for his
sexuality. Namely, it is increasingly
purified of its aggressive elements.
A man is not going to choke his
soulmate. He is not going to bend his
one true love over a railing and [ __ ]
her in the ass. He is not going to tie
up his one true love and torture her
with pleasure until she's laying in a
quivering puddle of her own juices. He's
going to do these things with a woman he
can objectify because love doesn't choke
or rail or torture.
This sexual dichotomy has been
characterized as the Madonna [ __ ]
complex. In this complex, which is far
more common than you might think, men
unconsciously split their sexuality onto
different psychic objects. They either
see the woman as good and pure and
chasteed, you know, wife material, or

[07:00]
chasteed, you know, wife material, or
they see her as dirty and debased and
DTF, you know, a little [ __ ] It's very
difficult for one woman to be both to
one man. Though certainly the same woman
can be both to different men. The
unification of both into a single woman,
a lady in the streets and a freak in the
sheets is the male fantasy. But even
here, the splitting still occurs. When
she's a lady, she can't also be a freak
and vice versa. And this is a big part
of the reason why traditionally there
were no love marriages. There was the
wife, the Madonna, and there was the
mistress, the [ __ ] They were never
meant to be the same person. However,
over the past hundred years or so, we've
collectively decided that no, the only
legitimate partnership is a love
marriage. We want the Madonna to be the
[ __ ] and the [ __ ] to be the Madonna,
which is very difficult to do. Freud was
one of the first to describe this
phenomenon. He wrote, "Where men love,

[08:02]
phenomenon. He wrote, "Where men love,
they have no desire, and where they
desire, they cannot love." I'll say that
again because it's the entire thesis of
this episode. Where men love, they have
no desire, and where they desire, they
cannot love. And this creates a number
of problems in long-term relationships.
Most notably, it tends to undermine the
basis of said relationships.
Think about it. Women want to be loved,
but love kills men's desire. And it's
desire, not love, that motivates men to
get and keep relationships with women.
Men do things for the women they want to
[ __ ] that they wouldn't do for anyone
else. They might love their friends, but
they don't buy them a house. They might
love their siblings, but they don't pay
their bills. They might love their pets,
but they don't enter into a binding
agreement never to associate with

[09:00]
agreement never to associate with
another animal for the rest of their
lives. It's the desire to [ __ ] that
motivates men to part with their
resources in often strange and
irrational ways. In any case, if men
want to secure long-term relationships,
the women they want to [ __ ] and they
enter into monogous relationships when
they desire to have exclusive sexual
access to said woman. But in the course
of their relationships, they begin to
love their women, which reduces their
desire or ability to [ __ ] Then men are
in kind of a double bind. By getting
what they want, they tend to lose what
they desire.
So what's to be done?
One solution is for men to develop the
capacity to kind of switch their
objectification on and off. It's going
to sound a little weird, but a man kind
of has to be able to turn off his love
for his woman in order to [ __ ] her
properly. Among other things, this
allows a man to physically manipulate a
woman, turn her around, bend her over,

[10:01]
woman, turn her around, bend her over,
smack her ass with confidence. In that
moment, he can't be too concerned with
the precious little lady on the inside.
If this sounds strange, it's probably
because right now you're not feeling
very sexual. But once you start to feel
sexual, what I'm saying will make sense.
Selective objectification will
facilitate sexual desire in men. And a
satisfying sexual relationship will
strengthen and preserve their
relationships.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know a guy who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid individual
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the interexual
dynamics between men and women, and my

[11:01]
dynamics between men and women, and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&As with invited
guests from all over the internet. The
links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out. A lot
of great value there. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.