[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Better Living Through Psychology. And
did you know that YouTube has a policy
that content that uses profanity,
especially strong profanity, in the
first 15 seconds of a video, is censored
and demonetized. That's why I'm stalling
a bit at the top of this episode, which
is not my usual mo, which is short for
modus operandi. And okay, I think that
should be enough. The topic of today's
short talk is go [ __ ] myself. Thank you
for your patience. So this is going to
be a talk about achievement and
self-development. One of the mystical
properties of life is that it is the
medium in which dreams can be fulfilled.
Of course, they don't get fulfilled just
by wishing. We typically have to work
very hard to realize them. But at least
life makes that possibility possible.
Now, on some level, it's very difficult
to get anywhere in life if you can't
cultivate a go [ __ ] yourself attitude.

[01:01]
cultivate a go [ __ ] yourself attitude.
To paraphrase Alan Watts, if you can be
talked out of something, you deserve it.
Here's an unpopular truth. If you really
want something in life, your goal will
almost certainly not be fully understood
and supported and may even be criticized
and actively opposed by the people
around you, your friends, your family,
your girlfriend, your co-workers, etc.
If you allow these people who do not
share your dream and who therefore will
not bear the weight of regret should it
go unfulfilled to talk you out of what
you really want then you deserve it.
Everything in this world has a cost and
if for whatever reason you are unable or
unwilling to pay it then the good in
question remains closed. And one of the
most common costs we pay in the pursuit
of our dreams is the support and
approval of those close to us. To

[02:02]
approval of those close to us. To
achieve your dreams, you have to be
willing to say go [ __ ] yourself. And
this means foregoing the support,
approval of and understanding of those
who do not share your vision. This is
true even at the highest levels of
reality. Like some Zen texts maintain
that even should you encounter the
Buddha on your path, you must be willing
to strike him down if necessary. The
willingness when appropriate to move
past your parents, your teachers, your
gurus, your idea of God himself will get
you very far in life. Like that's how
you make real progress.
Failure to cultivate this attitude
sufficiently means effectively that
you're not going to rock the boat.
You're going to prioritize other
people's attitudes and opinions over
your own goals and dreams. This is
probably not going to end well for you.

[03:01]
probably not going to end well for you.
And it also won't make those other
people happy to boot. Like you could
spend your whole life doing exactly what
other people want you to do and those
people could still not love or respect
you.
That guy's got no spine. Don't think
he's ever thought for himself, etc.,
etc. But there's another side of this
story. What? While it is very important
to cultivate a go [ __ ] yourself attitude
in order to get what you want in life,
it might be even more important to
cultivate a go [ __ ] myself attitude in
order to realize your dreams. Let's
examine what this might mean.
Whether or not it's onlogically true,
like some things are useful even if
they're not verifiably true. I'd like to
suggest that the human being exists as a
kind of irreducible dichotomy. You have
the I and you have the me.

[04:01]
the I and you have the me.
The I is who I am. Whatever that means.
It is the seat of agency and
subjectivity. It consists of certain
attributes like will and memory that
enable it to take action in the world
using the body as a communicative
medium. On the other hand, the me is
what is used or acted upon both by the
eye and the world at large. It is the
body, the ego, the self as object. A
subject, the eye, cannot be acted upon.
And an object, the me cannot act. A
subject only acts and an object can only
be acted upon. Understand?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group

[05:00]
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
hope to see you aboard.
So in this way we are all both subject
and object. This is the paradoxical
human condition. Like to maintain we are
only subject is to fall into
narcissistic grandiosity. We are not
gods. We cannot do anything. On the
other hand to maintain we are only
object is to fall into bad faith. It is
an abnigation of our potential and our
responsibility. We are both subject and
object rolled up into one.
Now, a lot of the things that are
subject to tripping people up with
respect to realizing their dreams don't
originate in the eye. They originate in
the me. Like the me can be lazy, the mi
can be weak, the mi can be distractable,
etc., etc. On the other hand, I'd like

[06:02]
etc., etc. On the other hand, I'd like
you to consider that the eye, as light
or spirit or pure will cannot be lazy or
weak or distractable. As the Stoics
reminded us, as entities endowed with
free will, not even Zeus himself can
obstruct us in this domain.
This means that when we encounter
resistance that arises internally within
us and obstructs our progress toward a
self-relevant goal, the eye functionally
needs to be able to say, "Go [ __ ]
myself. [ __ ] my laziness. [ __ ] my
weakness. [ __ ] my doubt. [ __ ] my
procrastination. [ __ ] my fear. I'm doing
it anyway."
The ability when appropriate to move
past your self-imposed limitations will
get you very far in life. That's how you
make real progress.
It is my belief that the eye is the seat
of authority in the human organism. The

[07:01]
of authority in the human organism. The
eye has veto power. It can legitimately
override any of the Mi's tendencies or
reactions or liabilities. And the more I
does this, the more it can do this. Will
is sort of like a muscle. We're all
endowed with it, but it's stronger in
some individuals than in others. And why
is that? Because just like a muscle,
those with strong wills have chosen to
systematically strengthen it by
exercising it regularly with
progressively more difficult decisions.
Ultimately, when the will is cultivated
to embody its full potential, it can
break through any resistance that the Mi
is subject to presenting. And what's
more, the stronger the will becomes, the
less resistance the Mi generally
presents. It's almost like it kind of
learns what's the point. Why even bother

[08:01]
learns what's the point. Why even bother
with the resistance? It just gets
overridden anyway. Mei might as well
save Mi's breath, etc. Of course, if the
Mi is not used to being overridden, as
will be the case for most people when
they begin the journey of
self-discipline, it will throw a tantrum
when it is obstructed because that's a
me problem. It's not an I problem. It's
a me problem. Let it scream and cry and
pout and moan and do it anyway. That's
how you cultivate a go [ __ ] myself
attitude. And trust me, between these
two things, between go [ __ ] yourself and
go [ __ ] myself, there is very little
that you won't be able to accomplish if
you apply yourself correctly. Remember,
all resistance is merely a test to
determine how bad you want it. So, keep
going.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might

[09:00]
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really helped to make the channel grow.
I know you know somebody who needs to
hear this. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can find
out more on my website. There's also my
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore interexual dynamics between men
and women, and my member community, The
Captain's Quarters, where I host
bimonthly group consultation calls and
host Q&As's with invited guests from all
over the internet. It's a really great
crowd. Check it out if you're all
inclined. Links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.