[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is don't
be her option. We don't want to be a
woman's option, gentlemen, because
options get left on red. An option is a
man who is a woman's plan B, if not her
plan Z. According to surveys, the
majority of women in relationships, even
married ones, have a backup partner in
case their current relationships don't
work out. And in most cases, this is a
man they already know and have developed
some form of relationship with, whether
it's an old flame or a friend on the
periphery with whom they haven't yet
initiated a sexual relationship. Almost
by definition, these options aren't as
attractive as their primary partners.
After all, who chooses a less attractive
option over a more attractive one they
can get, all other things being equal?
And since most men aren't very

[01:01]
And since most men aren't very
attractive, most men will find
themselves a woman's option as opposed
to her priority at some point in their
lives. It is what it is. Unfortunately,
men are often complicit in the decision
to relegate them to an option role. The
most common way that they do this is by
overpursuing
and overcommitting.
As I've stated previously, the
fundamental law of attraction is that
people want what they want, not what
wants them. I'll say that again. People
want what they want, not what wants
them. And a correlary to this law is
that you cannot get someone to want you
more by wanting them more. Sometimes you
can get them to want you more by wanting
them less, but you absolutely can't get
them to want you more by wanting them
more. I'm going to try to explain this
today in a way that's going to make more
sense to you guys by approaching the

[02:00]
sense to you guys by approaching the
same concept in the domain of business
because if it works in business, it
tends to work with women. What we're
talking about here is negotiation. As I
discuss in my book, all relationships,
whether they're for a night or for the
rest of your life, progress through
three distinct phases: attraction,
negotiation, and maintenance. All
relationships are negotiated. This is
unavoidable. And if you fumble the
negotiation, then you don't get any
coffee. Coffee, as we know, being for
closers. So, how do overpursuing and
overcommitting look in practice? Well,
imagine you're in the market for work
and that you've applied to two jobs.
After you've interviewed at both, the
first one calls you up and says, "Great
news. We absolutely love you. In fact,
you're the best applicant we've ever
seen at this company. We are ready to
hire you without conditions today.

[03:00]
hire you without conditions today.
Actually, we already have your corner
office ready to go. You can start
whenever you want. Today, tomorrow, in a
year.
No worries. Take all the time you need.
We're just here to tell you that no
matter when and no matter what, there's
a place for you here at Beta Corp. Let
us know if there's anything else we can
do to facilitate your decision. Looking
forward to hearing from you.
Now, on the surface, that sounds like a
pretty good outcome, right? I mean, you
got accepted. Harrah. That's certainly
better than being rejected. and you're
probably feeling some relief because no
matter what else happens, you at least
have a guaranteed position somewhere.
However, let's imagine that you then get
a call from the second company and they
tell you, "Well, thank you for
applying." That said, there are still
several applicants that were interested
in interviewing as this is a fairly
competitive position. We'll inform you
of our decision at the appropriate time.

[04:00]
of our decision at the appropriate time.
Don't call us, we'll call you. All the
best.
What do you think you're going to do?
Well, since the first option has
functionally assured that you have a
guaranteed position and that you can
begin whenever you want, there is
absolutely no reason not to wait to hear
back from the second company. There is
no risk or opportunity cost to keeping
Beta Corp waiting. And Beta Corp, of
course, did this to itself by
overpursuing and overcommitting.
Maybe the second company rejects you. No
big deal. You've already secured
employment elsewhere. And maybe the
second company offers you a more
compelling compensation package, in
which case it was good that you
exercised patience. There is no downside
and considerable upside to keeping Beta
Corp waiting.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to

[05:02]
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Now, let's continue this line of
reasoning even further. Even if the
second company rejects your offer, there
is still no reason to go with Beta Corp
with two exceptions, which I'll discuss
momentarily. Again, you have a
guaranteed position that you can start
at any time. So, if plan B doesn't work

[06:00]
at any time. So, if plan B doesn't work
out, then why not pursue plan C or plan
D or plan E or plan F or plan G? You
understand what I'm saying? Why not try
to secure something better at no cost,
no downside, and potentially unlimited
upside? In fact, the only reason not to
do this, the first of the two
exceptions, is that you are running out
of money.
That would be the only real reason to
accept Beta Corp's unconditional offer.
And you would probably accept that offer
not with gratitude or enthusiasm,
but with a kind of bitter resignation
that all of your attempts to find
something better had failed.
After all, if the offer was sufficiently
attractive, then it would have been
accepted right away. You would need the
job at this point, but it's an ugly
truth about humans that they tend to

[07:00]
truth about humans that they tend to
treat what they want much, much better
than what they need. Of course, Beta
Corp might be overjoyed that you've
decided to join their ranks in no small
part because it never realizes how it
was complicit in transforming itself
into an option. Men do this all the time
in the sexual marketplace. They make
themselves too available. Would you like
to go out on Monday? I'm busy Monday.
Well, how about Tuesday? I'm busy
Tuesday. Well, how about Wednesday? I'm
busy Wednesday. You see, men show their
cards too soon. Wow. I've never met
anyone like you before. I really like
you and I'm willing to demonstrate that
interest with exceptional gestures that
indicate my desire.
And men commit past the point of
decision. This one's really important.
All right. If you ever change your mind,
just let me know. I'd be happy to take
you out if and when your circumstances
change.
When men behave like this, they
transform themselves into options. And

[08:01]
transform themselves into options. And
they do this by communicating that they
are willing to prioritize a given woman
over all of her competition before she's
even shown up to work.
I understand that this approach makes a
kind of rational sense. The men who do
this think that the woman in question
will be flattered or persuaded by their
exceptional interest. However, these men
fail to appreciate the fundamental law
of attraction and believe they can
increase a woman's interest by showing
her more interest. That's a negative,
Charlie. Successful negotiators know
that irrespective of the attractiveness
of the offer, they have to act like the
second company. They have to interview
other applicants. They can't show all
their cards. And they've got to put on a
poker face. This is really important.
Most hands in poker are But
every once in a while, you get pocket
aces. When you get a good hand, you
can't start jumping up and down in your

[09:01]
can't start jumping up and down in your
chair and pumping your fists. That might
jeopardize your ultimate goal. If you
want to win that pot, you have to put on
your best poker face and sit with your
emotions.
And this leads us to the second general
exception to the scenario previously
described. That is the second reason why
an applicant might accept the offer from
Beta Corp right away. If the applicant
wasn't running out of money, the only
other reason to accept Beta Corp's offer
would be if Beta Corp were that
applicant's dream job, that she had
already decided that Beta Corp is the
highest she can aspire to and that Beta
Corp was the best that she could do. And
spoiler alert,
that's probably not the case. And it's
easy to understand why. It's probably
not the case because the applicant would
almost certainly have shown more
interest and enthusiasm in the
application process, which in turn would
have signaled to Beta Corp that it
didn't have to promise the moon in order

[10:00]
didn't have to promise the moon in order
to secure commitment. Remember, no one
nobody pays more than they need to for a
specific good. So the sheer fact that
Beta Corp overpursued and overcommitted
functionally guarantees that the
applicant in question wasn't showing
much interest in the position.
It's been said that in life we don't get
what we deserve. We get what we
negotiate. I agree with this and there
are some uncomfortable realities when it
comes to success in the negotiation
process. Here's one of them. Whichever
party is more eager to close and less
willing to walk has less power in the
negotiation. They communicate that they
need the other party more than the other
party needs them. And this puts them
over a barrel. And listen carefully,
this is true irrespective of the
objective value of the offer. Really
important to keep in mind. Don't blow

[11:00]
important to keep in mind. Don't blow
negotiations by overpursuing or
overcommitting. Does this mean that
sometimes certain attractive options
will slip through your fingers? Yes.
Yes, they will. But there's little point
in securing an attractive option on
unfavorable terms.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value propositions,
anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can find
out more on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
where I explore interpersonal dynamics
between men and women, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&A with invited
guests from all over the internet. We
have a lot of fun. It's a great group.
Check it out if you're so inclined. The

[12:00]
Check it out if you're so inclined. The
links to everything are in the
description below. As usual, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.