[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is getting
versus keeping. These two things are
very very different. What it costs and
takes to get isn't always or even
usually what it costs and takes to
maintain. And this is especially true in
the context of sexual relationships
between men and women. As I've said
before, when it comes to sexual
relationships, asymmetry is the rule,
not the exception. And there is a large
asymmetry between the effort it takes to
get and the effort it takes to maintain.
However, once we understand this
asymmetry, that is, once we accept that
it is real and we accommodate our
behavior to it, then we can begin to
have more satisfying and successful
relationships with the opposite sex.
Let's get to it.
The following discussion is founded on

[01:00]
The following discussion is founded on
two fundamental premises. First, that
women are the gatekeepers of sex and
that men are the gatekeepers of
commitment. And second, that in the
contemporary sexual marketplace, sex
precedes commitment. People might gripe
about this second observation, but it's
probably not going anywhere anytime
soon. This is because economically it
would be very difficult for a woman in
today's day and age to demand commitment
prior to sex. Like you can't charge for
a product that your competition is
giving away for free. You're not going
to get very far with that business
strategy. In any case, since sex now
precedes commitment, the fledgling
couple comes up against the woman's
gatekeeping first. That is, men have to
get through women's gatekeeping before
women have to get through men's. And
whichever party is currently trying to
get through the other's gate is

[02:01]
get through the other's gate is
reasonably and justifiably going to be
making the lion's share of the effort.
For example, in the conventional
conceptualization of courtship, the man
approaches the woman, so he assumes a
disproportionate amount of the risk. He
plans and pays for the dates. So he
assumes a disproportionate amount of the
costs and the man initiates and conducts
the seduction. So he assumes a
disproportionate amount of the effort
here as well. In the leadup to sex,
women can kind of expect to just sort of
go along for the ride if they want to.
She doesn't have to do much at this
stage of the game except decide whether
she wants to allow the guy access to her
sexually.
However, this is also true when it comes
to top tier men who no longer date
conventionally. That is, these men have
had to expend considerable effort,
sometimes over the course of decades, to
become sufficiently attractive to women

[03:01]
become sufficiently attractive to women
that they no longer need to date like
the average Joe. These guys have
physiques andor power andor fame andor
wealth andor success broadly defined.
And again, few women seem to have a
problem with men putting in the effort
to become more attractive options for
them. In fact, women commonly complain
when men deviate from this template.
That is when he doesn't make an effort
to plan dates or when he asks to split
the bill or when he waits for the woman
to initiate. And God help him if he
isn't handsome or powerful or famous or
wealthy or successful or attractive. Few
men complain when men make the effort to
be attractive and when men make more of
an effort in the courtship process. They
don't mind it when men take the
initiative and pay for dates and sweep
her off her feet, etc. Indeed, most men
have to expend a considerable amount of

[04:00]
have to expend a considerable amount of
effort both before and after the woman
shows up to get her to open her gate and
initiate a sexual relationship with him.
And again, I hear no complaints from
women about any of this. But here's the
thing. Once sex occurs, the balance of
power shifts significantly in the
context of that relationship. Women have
more power before sex happens because
she controls what he wants. But men have
more power after sex happens because he
now controls what she wants. Once sex
happens, it's the man's opportunity to
act as a gatekeeper. And he can't be
expected to hand over commitment to any
woman who wants it any more than she can
be expected to hand over sex to any man
who wants that. And this means that the
onus of effort reasonably and
justifiably shifts to the woman.

[05:01]
justifiably shifts to the woman.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
If a man has to do all that work to get
a woman, then a woman has to expect to
do a lot of work to keep that man.
Getting versus keeping. Do you
understand? Listen to me closely. One of
the reasons, one of the main reasons why
women get ghosted after sex is because
they do not understand that the onus of
effort has shifted onto them. They

[06:00]
effort has shifted onto them. They
expect that the man is going to keep
making the same level of effort after he
gets what he wants. And that's about as
true as expecting that a woman is going
to keep making the same level of effort
after she gets what she wants. Just ask
any married man, who is more attractive,
his wife or his girlfriend? Who does he
have sex with more often, his wife or
his girlfriend, etc.? And why is this
the case? Because it is human [ __ ]
nature. People work harder before
getting what they want than they do
after they get it. If a woman wants a
committed relationship with a man she
has slept with, that's on her. She has
to make an effort to get that commitment
just like the man had to make an effort
to get that sex. While this is unequal,
it is fair.
These days, we hear a lot about a
woman's emotional labor in the context
of their relationships. That is all the

[07:00]
of their relationships. That is all the
effort the woman pours into her
relationship to keep her man and
maintain his commitment. But what women
have to understand is that everything
that a man did before sex was emotional
labor for him. It was emotional labor
for the man to be charming when he
didn't feel like it. To plan dates
around your tastes and preferences
instead of his own, to listen to your
stories when you may actually not be
very interesting. To put in the effort
to stimulate and excite and arouse your
emotions. And he might have done all
these things even when he didn't feel
like doing so. Why? Because if he
didn't, he wouldn't attain the outcome
he hoped for, and no one would have any
sympathy for him in this case.
By the same token, women should expect
to perform emotional labor to keep their
relationships. They might have to
support their boyfriends or husbands
even when they don't feel like it. They

[08:00]
even when they don't feel like it. They
may have to maintain their physical
appearance to ma to keep up their
boyfriends or husband's attraction even
when they don't feel like it. They may
have to suppress their own needs and
emotions even when they don't feel like
it. They may have to make their
boyfriends or husbands feel useful and
respected and loved even when they don't
feel like it. Because trust me,
the men did the same thing to get you.
If they weren't willing to perform that
emotional labor, they wouldn't have
gotten laid. there would be no
relationship and you wouldn't be with
them today. That's the other side of the
coin. So, no complaining.
Ultimately though, this isn't about men
or women. The labor, the work, the
effort always falls on the person who is
trying to get through the gate. It's an
offensive tactic, not a defensive one.
Defense doesn't require a lot of effort.
Just say no. Demand more. Raise your
standards. defense can kind of sit back
and wait. Not true for offense. When

[09:02]
and wait. Not true for offense. When
you're on offense, you have to go out
and make something happen. You cannot
wait for the world to just dump it into
your lap. This is because, as I've said
before, the universe lives closed. That
is, the default answer to any question
is no.
The question therefore becomes, what
outcome do you want? If you want the
paycheck, you have to be willing to do
the job. If not, surrender your desire
for payday. If you don't do either, you
will either be resentfully frustrated
and/or delusionally entitled. Just like
no man is entitled to a woman's sexual
opportunity, no woman is entitled to a
man's commitment and provision, it falls
to each to make the appropriate effort
to get what they want at the appropriate
time.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might

[10:00]
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value propositions,
you can join my free weekly newsletter
for which I write original content or
book a paid one-on-one consultation with
yours truly on my website. That's where
you get more information for both of
those things. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore in depth my model of
interexual relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and host Q&As's with
invited guests from all over the
internet. We have a great time. Check it
out if you're so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.