[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
the core of respect.
This is an episode for the ladies.
Ladies, I'm going to help you to respect
the men with whom you want to be in
relationships. This is extremely
important. I cannot overstate this. As I
discussed in my series on how to get any
man you want, the unbreakable rule is
you can't ever, ever, ever disrespect
the man you want to be in a relationship
with. And unfortunately, many of you
disrespect men in unconscious and
unintentional ways, which all but lock
you out of the relationships that you
tell me that you want to have. Remember,
the most toxic relationship belief is
that you are free to be yourself.
I know it's a bitter pill. Just like you
can't reasonably expect to be yourself,

[01:00]
can't reasonably expect to be yourself,
warts and all, and keep your job, you
can't reasonably expect to be yourself
through and through, and keep your
relationship. However, rather than talk
about the negative aspect of this
concept today, that is disrespect, we're
going to devote some attention to the
positive aspect and discuss how to
effectively demonstrate respect for a
man. It turns out that men and women are
different. When it comes to a man, it is
more important for him to feel respected
than to feel loved. I'll say that again.
When it comes to a man, it's more
important for him to feel respected than
to feel loved. There's some empirical
evidence to back up his position, but it
definitely fits with my own personal and
professional experience. Now, it's very
easy to conflate these two things.
They're both positive goods, and of
course, men also want to feel loved, and
women also want to feel respected. So,
aren't we really talking about the same

[02:00]
aren't we really talking about the same
thing? No. Um, no, we're not. Respect
and love are very different and it's
actually fairly easy to demonstrate this
to it which you can respect someone that
you don't love and you can love someone
that you don't respect. For instance, a
general can have a good deal of respect
for his enemy's ability but still desire
to annihilate him in battle. And it's
very difficult to love someone you want
to destroy. By the same token, a person
can love a child like an infant baby and
not respect her ability to do well,
anything. It's like it's very difficult
to respect a muing mess. Make sense? So,
what actually constitutes the difference
between these two goods? Well, they seem
to feel different to the person
experiencing them. However, that isn't a
very reliable discriminatory metric when
it comes to differentiating the two from

[03:01]
it comes to differentiating the two from
an outside perspective. So, we'll need a
behavioral indicator. And I've got just
the thing. Some of you are not going to
like this, but the core of respect, the
behavior that indicates that a person is
being respectful
is obedience.
Obedience is the essence of respect. If
you have obedience, you have respect. If
you don't have obedience, you don't have
respect, irrespective of what other
positive goods might be present.
Let's examine this further. I understand
that the word obedience is a loaded word
in today's day and age, especially among
women. However, I honestly can't think
of a better word to describe what I'm
getting at. This reactance also suggests
that obedience might be worth
considering more deeply. After all, if
you're searching for something like say
a peaceful and stable long-term

[04:00]
a peaceful and stable long-term
relationship and you haven't found it
yet, then you have to look for it in
places that you haven't searched before.
And there don't seem to be many women
who are actively exploring this
interpersonal territory.
Let's approach this from a less
threatening perspective. First, let's
imagine there is a cafe in town that you
absolutely love. The coffee is
delicious, the vibes are right, and you
tell all your friends about what a
wonderful place it is. However, let's
also imagine that because you know that
they know that you are a regular
customer and an ardent supporter, you
believe that you can impose your own
standard of behavior over and above the
rules of that particular establishment
or the expectations of social
convention.
Maybe you talk loudly on a personal
phone call or put your purse on a seat
that another customer could use or
expect a free refill on your drink or
generally overstay your welcome. Despite

[05:02]
generally overstay your welcome. Despite
your outspoken support for the
establishment,
I doubt the staff will feel respected by
your business. This is because you've
effectively decided for yourself which
rules you need to follow and which rules
you don't which is an attitude of
implied superiority.
It is arrogant and it is entitled. The
best you can possibly hope for in such a
situation is to be tolerated by the
staff. And this is actually very
important for women to understand. If
you want to be loved, then you kind of
have to be lovable.
Right? Rude and entitled customers are
not loved. They are tolerated if that.
So now you understand why obedience is
so important in relationships. It gives
men what they need, respect. And it
makes m it makes it much more likely
that women will get what they want,
love.

[06:01]
love.
Expecting to be loved without being
lovable is kind of like expecting to
receive excellent customer service while
acting like a Karen. Good luck with
that.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Now, on the other hand, let's say that
you decide to abide by the caf's rules,

[07:02]
you decide to abide by the caf's rules,
but that you grumble about doing so the
entire time. Your grumbling suggests
that you do not like the rules, but your
obedience indicates that you respect
them. Not only that, but the staff will
likely feel more kindly disposed toward
you for your begrudging compliance than
for your enthusiastic disobedience.
And the reason why you would choose to
comply with rules you do not like or
agree with should be obvious. Namely,
you fear losing access to your favorite
cafe. As I've discussed previously, fear
is the basis of respect. And when it
comes to love, the most feared outcome
is not some form of positive punishment,
nothing punitive. It's the removal of
access to the loved object. It's not
fire or brimstone that makes hell hell.
It's the inaccessibility of God.
In any case, when it comes to interexual
relationships, it is impossible to

[08:01]
relationships, it is impossible to
simultaneously respect a man and disobey
him. You can do one or the other, but
not both. And it is better to
begrudgingly respect him than it is to
enthusiastically disobey him. Though of
course it would be best for all involved
to enthusiastically respect him. Got me?
Okay. Now allow me to quickly attend to
the most common objections to this line
of reasoning. The first is fairly
predictable. Namely, why does the woman
have to obey the man? Why can't the man
obey the woman? Or why don't they both
obey each other? Well, to be totally
transparent, I don't think this duty
inherently falls down gendered lines. As
I've said before, I don't think that men
deserve respect simply because of their
sex. What I am saying is that respect is
due to the one who controls the frame of
the relationship and that for
relationships to be successful in the

[09:01]
relationships to be successful in the
long term, it is best for the man to
control the frame. Consider my example
from earlier. Why does the customer obey
the caf's rules and not the other way
around? Simple. Because the customer
chose to enter into the cafe. If she
wants to partake of the cafe's coffee
and ambiance, then she has to abide by
the cafe's rules. Otherwise, she should
just stay at home. The proprietor went
through the trouble and expense of
creating the cafe. So his rules take
precedence. All the customer had to do
was show up with a few dollars. So to
use the metaphor from my book, in this
case, the proprietor is the captain and
the customer is the passenger
irrespective of their genders. That is,
if the proprietor were a woman and the
customer were a man, we would still
expect the customer to respect the
cafe's rules. It's not about men and
women. It's about captains and
passengers, about those who maintain the

[10:00]
passengers, about those who maintain the
frame and those who enter into it. While
both men and women can be captains, when
it comes to interexual relationships,
it's typically best for the man to be
the captain and the woman to be the
passenger. As I've argued elsewhere,
this facilitates both initial attraction
and long-term maintenance. And if this
is true, it would mean the woman is
generally entering into the man's frame,
which as we've already discussed is the
legitimate basis for the expectation of
obedience.
Which leaves the second objection. What
if my man is wrong? What if I know
better than he does? Do I still have an
obligation to comply?
Well, kind of. Kind of you do. And
here's why. The only surefire way to
prove that someone is wrong is by
following their direction. If you decide
ahead of time that they're wrong, which
is called contempt prior to
investigation, or if you cherrypick the
parts that you like from the parts that
you don't, then you've added some

[11:01]
you don't, then you've added some
uncontrolled variables into the
equation. That is, if the desired
outcome is not obtained, we can no
longer tell to what extent that was due
to bad direction or to non-compliance.
For better or worse, the best way to
prove that someone is wrong is to do
exactly what they tell you to do and for
it to not work. Otherwise, we won't know
if it's his direction or your judgment
that is at fault. No one likes to hear
this, but as a doctor and a teacher,
it's the truth. You can't argue that my
protocol is ineffective if you don't
follow it, right? And if you already
knew how to solve your problem, why are
you coming to me? I didn't hunt you
down. Understand?
Ultimately, ladies, you can't compensate
a lack of obedience with love. It
doesn't work that way. So, if you truly
honestly, for whatever reason, can't
bring yourself to respect the man you're
with, which I can understand. I wouldn't

[12:00]
with, which I can understand. I wouldn't
want to follow a fool, then go find one
you can respect. that's best for
everyone involved. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can find out more on my website. There's
also my book, which I alluded to
earlier, The Value of Others, where I
explore my in-depth model of interexual
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. A lot of great
value there. Check it out. Links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.