[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is don't
waste her time.
So, this is I hope a timely episode. I
was inspired by a meme I came across the
other day. I love memes because they
really do capture the zeitgeist of a
particular moment. You can get a very
good feel for the ideas and attitudes
that are circulating at any given time
by viewing memes. And one of these memes
provoked a response in me that I'm going
to share with you today. It was a
textbased meme and I'm going to
paraphrase it as I don't have it up in
front of me. It went something like, "If
you're dating a woman in her 30s and
you're not serious about moving things
along, then don't waste her time because
in the next 6 months, she's trying to
get married, start a family, launch a
business, get her mental health in
order, lose 20 lbs, and travel the
world. She just doesn't have time for

[01:01]
world. She just doesn't have time for
your bullshit."
And this was clearly a sentiment that
resonated with people. The meme had tens
of thousands of likes and many
supportive comments almost exclusively
from women that validated this
perspective. However, my reaction to
this attitude was slightly less than
supportive. In fact, I believe that the
popularity of this opinion is a big
reason why women and especially women in
their 30s are failing to get what they
want in the sexual marketplace.
Let me explain. First of all, if you
haven't watched it already, I would
refer you to an older episode of mine
called I don't want to waste my time, in
which I argue that it's not actually
possible to waste another person's time
and that it falls to each individual to
assume responsibility for his or her
decisions with respect to the allocation
of said time. So, I'm not going to
repeat those same arguments here. Though
the real flaw in the attitude

[02:00]
the real flaw in the attitude
represented by the meme is that it sets
women up for failure. With the exception
of maybe losing weight, not a single one
of those goals can realistically be
accomplished in less than 6 months.
Think about it. If you have no prospects
whatsoever, the notion of going from
complete strangers to married in 6
months is probably a terrible idea. Both
parties are likely still in the limrance
period and haven't yet encountered the
crisis of disillusionment. This is not
recommended. Next, last time I checked,
the human gestation period is 9 months.
So, starting a family in the next six
sounds like a physical impossibility.
Starting a business, well, it takes
about a month to file all the paperwork,
but it typically takes years for the
business to become successful. Expecting
your hustle to flourish six months after
launching it is an unreasonable
expectation. Entrepreneurs generally
have to grind for years before they
start to see an appreciable profit.
Working on your mental health? Well, if

[03:02]
Working on your mental health? Well, if
you've been living with certain
ineffective models of reality for the
last three and a half decades, it's
going to take more than a few months to
disabuse yourself of them, even assuming
perfect willingness to do what is
necessary, etc., etc. It's like none of
these projects can realistically be
accomplished in half a year. And not
only that, women want to do all of them
at the same time. That's what sets women
up for failure. One of the rules that I
have for myself is that I have to give
myself enough time to succeed. A lot of
plans fail to come to fruition due to
impatience.
We don't give them enough time to
succeed and therefore we are complicit
in their failure. To give an example
I've shared in interviews, when I
started this channel, I committed to
publishing regularly for 3 years. 3
years before I would allow myself to
evaluate whether or not I would
continue. Why? Because according to my

[04:02]
continue. Why? Because according to my
research, it could take 2 years of
consistent production before a YouTube
channel sees any appreciable uptake. And
since in my experience, things often
take longer than I expect to succeed, my
rule of thumb is to add 50% to any due
diligence I conduct to establish a
realistic time frame. Since my due
diligence said 2 years, an additional
50% would be another year. So, I gave
myself 3 years. That's enough time to
succeed. If I didn't succeed in three
years, I was doing something wrong or it
wasn't the right moment or it wasn't for
me or I didn't have what it takes. But
it certainly wasn't because I didn't
give it enough time. Do you understand?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the captain's
quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive

[05:00]
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, on some level, I think I can
appreciate where these women are coming
from. They are functionally trying to
make up for lost time. They spent their
20s not prioritizing these goals and now
they feel like they are behind. Same
thing happened to me. It wasn't until my
late 20s that I finally got my head out
of my ass and started to seriously
devote myself to building a life worth
living. However, by that time, a lot of
my friends had already graduated law
school or medical school, had already
gotten married and started families, had
already bought houses and established
their place in the world, etc. When I
started to get myself in order, I felt
like I was behind because I had chosen
to spend my 20s in a different way. Now,

[06:00]
to spend my 20s in a different way. Now,
I don't regret this decision. I couldn't
have done otherwise anyway since that's
who I was at the time. But when I
decided to launch my career, I was a
decade behind some of my peers who had
placed themselves on that track to begin
with. But here's the thing. I couldn't
demand that life give me what I wanted
faster as a consequence of starting
late. I had to start from zero at 28.
Establishing a career can take 10 years.
And it doesn't really matter if you
start at 18 or 38 or 58. No one is going
to give you a pass on the needed
experience and competence simply to
accommodate your abbreviated timeline.
By the same token, vetting a person for
a long-term relationship can take
several years, and it doesn't really
matter if you're 22 or 42. These things
can't be rushed without consequence. And
an unwillingness to devote the
appropriate amount of time to these

[07:01]
appropriate amount of time to these
projects. The attitude of give me what I
want now or get out of here represented
by the meme functionally guarantees that
person will be cycling through failures
as she is not giving any of her projects
enough time to succeed.
However, there is still another issue
here. Not only is not giving things
enough time to succeed a recipe for
failure, but taking on too many projects
at once is a great way of ensuring you
succeed at none of them as well. In my
own experience, I had to devote myself
single-mindedly to my career for a good
six or seven years before I had the
bandwidth to take on a new project. If I
tried to also say start a family or
prioritize my self-care at the same
time, I don't think I would have been
nearly as successful.
A good life is characterized by
flourishing across a number of important
domains. Health and fitness, sex and

[08:01]
domains. Health and fitness, sex and
relationships, money and wealth,
creativity and growth, friends and
community, etc. On some level, the best
a person can aspire to is a sustainable
situation in which all of these various
plates are mostly just humming along.
However, any one of these plates is
very, very, very heavy. Each requires a
great deal of time and effort and
attention to get spinning. Given their
weight, it is very difficult to get more
than one of these plates spinning at the
same time. Better to focus on one until
it's humming along before devoting
yourself to the next. Otherwise, the
time will pass, and the most you'll
likely have to show for it is a number
of wobbly, precarious accomplishments,
which is not only stressful, but likely
unsustainable.
So, not only is 6 months not enough time
for functionally any one of those
projects to succeed, attempting six of

[09:01]
projects to succeed, attempting six of
those projects simultaneously is
absolutely absurd.
Done well, any one of those projects
will likely require many years of a
person's full and undivided attention.
While it may be possible to have it all,
it's certainly not the case that you can
have it all all at once. Decisions must
be made with respect to sequencing. And
since no one is guaranteed anything in
life, it's a good idea to prioritize the
most important goals first. In any case,
this is one reason why women in their
30s are failing in the sexual
marketplace. As a consequence of their
choices in their 20s, they become
impatient to make up for lost time. And
this impatience both restricts the
amount of time they allocate to any
individual project and motivates them to
take on too many projects at once, both
of which are associated with sub-optimal
outcomes. Couple this with an entitled
attitude that life should accommodate
their abbreviated timelines and you're
off to the races. Women, if you want

[10:01]
off to the races. Women, if you want
better outcomes, you have to make better
choices. What do you think? Does this
fit with your own experience? Let me
know in the comments below. And please
send this episode to someone who you
think might benefit from its message. I
know you know someone who needs to hear
this because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
props. If you're looking to join my free
weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours
truly, you can find out more information
on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore my model of
interexual relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&As with invited
guests from all over the internet. We
have a great time. It's a wonderful
group. Check it out if you're so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.