[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is no
one night stands.
So this episode is for the ladies, but I
would encourage the guys to listen as
well as you probably know a woman who
needs to hear this. Ladies, a lot of you
specifically indicate on your dating
profiles that you are not interested in
short-term sexual relationships or one
night stands. While this might sound
inoffensive enough, I would discourage
you from adopting this position and I
certainly would not recommend explicitly
saying this on your profile irrespective
of your personal beliefs. And I'm going
to make what I hope will be a compelling
argument in defense of this perspective
today. Ultimately, I'm trying to help
you get more of what you tell me that
you want, namely long-term committed
relationships. But it's tough to watch
so many of you get in your own way. So,

[01:02]
so many of you get in your own way. So,
here we are. Now, on the surface, this
position seems reasonable. After all,
how are you going to get a long-term
relationship if you're playing around
with one night stands? Why should you
waste your time pursuing something you
don't want at the expense of what you
do? And this perspective would actually
be reasonable were the assumption on
which it is predicated true, namely that
there are two different relationship
pathways. That is that the path to a
long-term relationship is objectively
different from the path to a short-term
relationship.
And that is not the case. Unless you're
willing to subscribe to say arranged
marriage, there is only a single pathway
to relationship. The difference between
a short-term and a long-term
relationship is not qualitative. They
don't take different paths. It's
quantitative. The only real difference

[02:00]
quantitative. The only real difference
is when they end. To get married, you do
the same things you do to get laid. You
just do them longer. Allow me to
explain. Like it or not, in today's day
and age, sex precedes commitment. For a
woman to come out of the gate and negate
the possibility of a one night stand
functionally implies that she needs some
kind of op priori commitment, where she
harbors the expectation that she's
guaranteed multiple dates before the
initial interaction in order for her to
even entertain the possibility of dating
a man. And that's an unreasonable
demand. Like, see it from the other
side, ladies. Why would a man make that
kind of commitment to a woman he hasn't
even met yet and who hasn't demonstrated
that she can add any positive value to
his life? Only the most lonely or
desperate men would agree to this.
Ladies, I'd like you to talk to your
married girlfriends. Ask them about the
earliest stages of their courtship and

[03:01]
earliest stages of their courtship and
listen carefully to their answers. It's
very likely that at the beginning of
their relationship, a relationship that
eventually led to marriage, they had a
one night stand. Since sex precedes
commitment, the first time is always a
one night stand. It's just two people
who were sufficiently interested in and
attracted to each other initiating a
sexual relationship without any
reasonable guarantee that they will see
each other ever again.
And of course, if they never did see
each other ever again, the story would
have ended there. However, women
incorrectly believe that quickly
initiating a sexual relationship
precludes them from the possibility of a
long-term relationship. That is not
true. That said, women do get ghosted
after sex, and I'll release an episode
soon explaining why that might be the
case. But trust me, it's not because

[04:00]
case. But trust me, it's not because
they put out. And making their sexual
opportunity even more expensive to
future suitors generally does not lead
to the preferred outcome.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
In any case, when the story doesn't end
there, it's because there was sufficient
interest and attraction from both

[05:00]
interest and attraction from both
parties to continue. And a one night
stand becomes a two night stand. Hooray.
However, they're pretty much still in
the same boat. Two nights does not
guarantee a third. But if they play
their cards right and the interest and
attraction hold, then a two night stand
becomes a three night stand, etc., etc.,
etc. Do you see what I'm getting at?
Functionally, every contemporary
marriage starts as a one night stand. If
sex precedes commitment,
then you cannot get commitment without
first initiating sex, which means, at
least for a time, you will need to
tolerate sex without commitment. There's
no way around this in the modern sexual
marketplace. And this means that you
need to make your peace with the fact
that your future husband will likely
begin as a one night stand. And if this
is true, ladies, then answer me this. If
you're not willing to have one night

[06:00]
you're not willing to have one night
stands, then how are you going to get
married?
It's a non-rhetorical question. I'm I'm
really interested to know what your
strategy here is. Do you do you have
one?
All right. If you've accepted that what
I'm saying might be true, that is that
functionally every marriage begins as a
one night stand, then the appropriate
next question becomes, how can I
increase the likelihood that a one-off
interaction will lead to a repeat
performance? This is the same question
businesses have with respect to
generating recurring revenue. And the
answer I would give to a woman is the
same I would give to an entrepreneur. To
generate repeat sales, you need two
things. A good product and good customer
service. If you have a good product
supported with good service, you will
get repeat sales. If you do not have a
good product supported with good
service, you will not get repeat sales.
It's that simple. And remember, the cat

[07:02]
It's that simple. And remember, the cat
decides what milk is good. It's not for
you to decide that your product is good.
It's for your clients or customers. And
they are giving you that feedback not
with their mouths, but with their feet
and their wallets.
Now on some level the lack of guarantees
in sexual marketplace is good in that it
motivates both parties to make a
consistent effort to show up as the best
versions of themselves and to provide
good value to the other. And when each
gives the other more of what they want
and less of what they don't, which when
it comes to men is a high good times to
hassle ratio, then you get recurring
business. On the other hand, when you
lower the ROI or fail to consistently
outperform the competition, then you'll
lose all but the most loyal or the most
oblivious customers.

[08:00]
oblivious customers.
Remember, a fun and easy sexual
experience is the Trojan horse that
motivates the city to open its gates.
You cannot herang your way in with
demands and interrogations.
Start with the one night stand and
encourage repeat business with the
quality of your service. I know you can
do it. Why? Because every woman who puts
that she doesn't do one night stands in
her dating profile has had a one night
stand. Like where do you think rules
come from? Because of something that has
happened in the past, right? So this
woman is functionally advertising that
she has had one night stands in the
past, but she is unwilling to do so
moving forward, which in the covert
calculus of things makes her a more
expensive, less attractive option than
she otherwise would be. This is why I
say you shouldn't put this in your
profile, ladies. And trust me, this is
not how you want to make a first

[09:00]
not how you want to make a first
impression.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know a woman out there who needs to hear
this because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
propositions. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore my model of sexual
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host live bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. We have a great
time. Check it out if you are so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.