[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax Better Living Through
Psychology. And the topic of today's
short talk is ask her out. So, this is
an episode for the guys. Today, I'm
going to teach you how to overcome your
approach anxiety so that you can finally
muster up the courage to approach women
that you're actually attracted to in
order to initiate a date or a sexual
encounter. It's actually much less scary
than you think. And I have a surefire
strategy that always works. But before I
get into it, allow me to take a brief
detour. The purpose of which should
become clear as the episode progresses.
My guy, are you a fan of Lord of the
Rings? I know, I know, stupid question.
Of course you are. Now, some people have
looked deeply into this story and have
come up with some very compelling
interpretations. like some believe it's
an extended metaphor for the Second
World War or the elaborate pretext to
invent a fictional language, etc., etc.
However, I'm here to tell you that the

[01:02]
However, I'm here to tell you that the
entire Lord of the Rings, like all three
books, all 12 hours of the extended
cinematic experience is really just the
story of one man's journey to overcome
his approach anxiety.
Because how is the story book ended? The
whole thing begins and ends with Sam.
When we first meet Sam, we see him
staring longingly at Rosie, the boxom
hobbitess he has his eyes on, but for
the life of him doesn't have the courage
to talk to. Then we pass over this whole
narrative interlude involving the ring
of power during which time Sam leaves
his homeland, suffers trials and
hardships, kills and faces death,
defeats Sheilob in single combat,
carries his friend up the slopes of
Mount Doom, rids the Shire of Saramon,
and restores peace to his village. You
know, all that nonsense. All to
eventually come back to Sam once again,
staring longingly at Rosie Cotton.
However, this time it's different, and

[02:02]
However, this time it's different, and
you can see it in his eyes. He looks at
that woman, and it's as if he realizes
that nothing that could conceivably come
out of that woman's mouth could possibly
be worse than all the things he just
went through. And he gets up and strikes
up a conversation with her. And before
long, they're married with 13 kids. Yes,
13. And they live happily ever after. In
fact, Sam's is kind of the only story
that turns out good in the end, which is
potentially worth noting. In any case,
you can now appreciate that the entire
Lord of the Rings is really Sam's
journey to walk the 10 paces from his
seat to the girl of his dreams. And
therein lies the secret of overcoming
approach anxiety, namely, do more
difficult things.
If the scariest part of your day is
talking to a woman, then you are playing
it too safe, my dude. And more likely

[03:02]
it too safe, my dude. And more likely
than not, this will be apparent to the
woman you are speaking to. Whether they
are conscious of it or not, women are
attracted to competent and capable men.
And that competence and capacity matters
most when he is under duress in
difficult circumstances. So, if the
scariest activity in your life is
talking to a woman, then you are at best
untried and at worst a coward. Just
telling it like it is. As I've said
before, the biggest obstacle in the path
of men getting what they want in today's
sexual marketplace is cowardice. And
while we may all start out as fools,
more or less insensitive to the real
risks we might be facing, no man begins
with courage.
That is something that must be
cultivated over time through the process
of doing difficult things. Trust me, the
harder your life becomes, the easier it
will be to talk to women.

[04:00]
will be to talk to women.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
And there is some empirical evidence to
support this. One of my all-time
favorite psychological studies is the
study of the two bridges, which I will
briefly summarize. There's a park in
Vancouver, Canada that contains a deep
canyon. An old rickety suspension bridge
was built over the canyon some time ago
that still stands. However, this bridge
was deemed too scary for kids and
families who ostensibly would also like
to enjoy the park. So, a sturdy, modern

[05:00]
to enjoy the park. So, a sturdy, modern
bridge was built over the canyon closeup
river. In any case, the study took place
on these two bridges. And what the
researchers did was plant an attractive
young woman in the middle of each bridge
who was instructed to ask solitary young
men to complete a projective personality
test called the thematic app perception
test. However, what the researchers were
really trying to figure out was how many
of these men would ask the researcher
out after the interaction.
What the researchers discovered was not
only were the responses of the men on
the rickety bridge significantly more
sexual than those of the men on the
stable bridge, but that the men on the
rickety bridge were significantly more
likely to follow up with the researcher
after the interaction when compared with
the men on the stable bridge. Like over
four times more likely. That's an
enormous difference. The researchers

[06:00]
enormous difference. The researchers
determined that this study provided
further evidence in support of the
emotional sexual attraction link. While
the connection between aggression and
sexual arousal had already been firmly
established, this experiment suggested
that other emotions, in this case fear,
could also contribute to sexual
behavior. It turns out that when a
person does risky things like crossing a
rickety suspension bridge, it makes it
more likely that he will do other risky
things like asking out an attractive
woman. It's like doing the dishes. Your
hands are already wet, so what's one
more plate? Neat, huh? So, the upshot
here is to find ways to do more
difficult, scary things in order to
raise your courage stat. And how does
one going about how does one go about
doing that? Easy. You turn toward
whatever it is you're currently
avoiding. And trust me, everyone is
avoiding something. Whether it's with

[07:00]
avoiding something. Whether it's with
their friends or their family or with
themselves. Courage, like all virtues,
is a habit. The more you turn in the
direction of what you're currently
avoiding, the more you develop the
courage to face what you fear. Most
people don't do this. Remember Frodo's
first reaction to learning the truth
about the ring was to try to hide it. It
takes balls to go to Mordor.
It also helps to assume more difficult
challenges in all domains of your life.
How are you pushing yourself physically?
Like what is your fitness routine like?
Are you actively trying to get faster or
lift heavier? How are you pushing
yourself professionally? Like what are
your financial goals? Are you actively
trying to start a business or earn more
money? How are you pushing yourself
emotionally? Like how honest are you
with yourself? Are you actively trying
to push through your resentments and
self-limiting beliefs, etc., etc.? The
more you take on with respect to your
fitness and your finances and your

[08:00]
fitness and your finances and your
friends, the more likely you're going to
see a woman is just another challenge
among challenges. It's not scary. It's
potentially an exciting opportunity. And
if you do this enough times, you
actually get to the point where you
won't want to do something if it's not
sufficiently challenging, like it's too
boring otherwise. Challenge is an
acquired taste. Most people don't like
it the first time they taste it. You
kind of have to cultivate a more
sophisticated pallet to be able to
appreciate it. But once you do, it makes
other tastes seem flat and bland by
comparison.
In any case, that's how you ask her out,
my dudes. Turn toward what you fear and
get in the habit of doing difficult,
scary things. Because if she's the
hardest thing you do today, you may need
to re-evaluate what you are doing with
your life.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experiences? Let me know in the

[09:00]
your own experiences? Let me know in the
comments below. Kind of bitter medicine
today, huh? And please send this episode
to someone who you think might benefit
from its message because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
helped to make the channel grow. I know
you know a guy who needs to hear this.
Other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly can do so on my website. There's
also my best-selling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore my economic
model of sexual relationships, and my
private community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly live
group consultation calls and Q&As's with
invited guests from all over the
internet. It's a great group. We have a
great time. Check it out. Links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, thank you for your support
and thank you for listening.