[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taband and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is why
women get ghosted. Yes, women can and do
get ghosted. In today's episode, I'm
going to explain why this happens and
what women can do to reduce the
likelihood that it will happen to them.
First and foremost, however, I cannot
pour into a full cup. Many women already
believe they know why men ghost them.
However, this explanation doesn't really
accord with the facts. So, I'll need to
address this perspective before I can
move forward with my counter hypothesis.
So, just what is this erroneous belief?
You probably know it. Many women believe
that they are more likely to get ghosted
if they put out too soon. That is, they
believe that a man will not see her as a
long-term prospect if they sleep
together on the first or second date. So
they put up obstacles in the path of the
men they really like. That is the men

[01:01]
men they really like. That is the men
they see as long-term providers. So they
are not disqualified as wifey material
irrespective of how she may have behaved
with men in the past. And I'm here to
tell you ladies that this is just not
true. There are vanishingly few men who
will see receiving access to your body
as a negative. That's why they're there.
If they weren't attracted to you, if
they weren't desirous of initiating a
sexual relationship with you, they would
not have assumed the trouble and the
risk and the expense of asking you out
and executing the date. Women shame
men's sexual attraction to them to their
own detriment. Don't believe me? Just
consider what the men who don't want to
[ __ ] you are offering. Like, what are
they doing for you? Are they trying to
spend time with you? Are they listening
to your stories? Are they buying you
drinks and dinners? You might complain
that they are only doing these things

[02:00]
that they are only doing these things
because they want to get laid, but where
are the men who don't want to [ __ ] you?
Like, where are they? Kind of hard to
find them, right? Something to consider.
I personally know of many successful
long-term relationships that very
quickly became sexual. And why would
this be surprising?
Men, just like women, prefer to spend
their time in relationships where they
get more of what they want and less of
what they don't. As I've said before,
the best attitude for a woman to adopt
on a date is to manifest a high good
times to hassle ratio. The more fun and
pleasant and engaging the woman is, and
the fewer problems or difficulties or
stressful interactions she creates, the
more likely that woman is going to get a
repeat customer. That said, as
previously stated, women can be and are
discarded after sex, and this can be an
emotionally painful experience for them.

[03:01]
emotionally painful experience for them.
However, to blame the sex would be
wrong. That's just a scapegoat. There
are typically three reasons why this
occurs. Two of which I'm going to gloss
over here today. Namely, A, she does not
offer a good time. That is, she's
boring, self-centered, defensive,
arrogant, structured, etc. And B, she
does not understand that now that the
sexual relationship has been initiated,
the burden of effort has shifted onto
her.
I want to devote the rest of this
episode to discussing the third reason
as it's a great way of appreciating how
negotiation occurs in the context of
sexual relationships. As I discuss in my
book, all relationships progress through
three distinct phases: attraction,
negotiation, and maintenance. However,
most people misunderstand this second
phase. In sexual relationships, the vast
majority of negotiation does not occur
consciously and explicitly. It occurs

[04:02]
consciously and explicitly. It occurs
behaviorally as both parties tacitly
agree on the cost of a particular
woman's sexual opportunity. Remember,
all men pay, but the more she likes you,
the greater the discount. I'll begin by
offering a more extreme example so that
we can perceive this behavioral
negotiation more clearly before applying
it to interexual relationships more
generally.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never

[05:00]
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Let's get to it. The more a woman is
attracted to a man, the more smooth and
effortless she makes the courtship
process. She is available, she is
flexible, she is happy to be there, etc.
On the other hand, when a woman is not
very attracted to a given man, but may
potentially see him as a long-term
provider, then she tends to make the
same process much more difficult. She is
flaky. She is disrespectful and she
presents a number of emotional or
behavioral challenges commonly known as
[ __ ] tests online that the man must pass
through to access her sexual
opportunity. Most frustrating of all,
she tends to enforce certain
relationship rules on these men and to
punish men for their sexual attraction.
Oh, I never hook up on the first date.
What kind of girl do you think I am? Are

[06:01]
What kind of girl do you think I am? Are
you only looking for sex? etc., etc. But
here's the thing. These men are already
sexually attracted to these women.
Remember, that's why they're there. And
the more he waits, the more he pays, the
more hoops he jumps through, the more
pot committed he becomes to his goal of
accessing these women sexually. Now,
these women might think, "Good, I'm not
just giving this away. Fair enough." But
this attitude comes with one significant
liability. Namely, the men in question
no longer like these women, but they
still want to [ __ ] them.
These men don't like you anymore because
you've made the courtship process so
difficult and expensive and all about
you, but they're kind of trapped in a
sunken cost fallacy. They believe the
only way to redeem the expense they've
already incurred is to keep paying. Once

[07:01]
already incurred is to keep paying. Once
they actually get laid, they believe
that they'll be recompensed for all
their emotional labor. Now, at this
point, I should note that I encourage
men in this position to cut their losses
and walk away. The sunken cost fallacy,
after all, is a fallacy for a reason.
Walking away protects the misallocation
of future resources. It doesn't redeem
resources already expended. Nothing can
really do that. By the same token, I
advise women not to go out with men.
they're not actively interested in
sleeping with. As I've said before, a
date is emotional connection plus the
opportunity of sex. If the opportunity
is off the table, then the woman is in
some manner of bad faith. She's
misguided at best and exploitative at
worst.
Anyway, it can be the case that many of
these women do continue to date these
men and do eventually initiate sexual
relationships with them, albeit less out
of authentic desire and more out of a

[08:01]
of authentic desire and more out of a
strategic attempt to ensure the
continued flow of resources. However,
once the sexual relationship begins in
earnest, men perform a kind of covert
calculus in which they compute the total
expense of this sexual opportunity. That
is, they add up all the time and effort
and money and emotion and difficulty and
[ __ ] that they had to expend or
endure. And this becomes the negotiated
cost of that particular woman's sexual
opportunity for them which he has now
had a chance to experience the quality
and quantity of which he can now more
accurately judge.
This is how women get ghosted after sex.
As this computation is the actual
transacted cost of that sexual
opportunity, this total expense is now
anchored in a man's mind, whether he's

[09:00]
anchored in a man's mind, whether he's
aware of it or not. And the next time
he's desirous of sex, which remember is
why men go through the risk and effort
and expense of asking women out, and he
sees that woman's name in his phone,
he's going to think, "Why [ __ ]
bother?
I've had sex with her and those 20
minutes weren't worth waiting two weeks,
listening to her complain about her work
for several hours, being interrogated
with respect to my intentions, made to
feel ashamed, spending several hundreds
of dollars on dates, and pretending to
find her interesting. That That's just
too much. There's got to be another
woman out there who isn't so damn
expensive.
Hard pass. He remembers all the tests
and hopes and costs on the one hand and
the actual reality as opposed to the
fantasy which is almost always better of
the sexual opportunity and he makes a
rational albeit largely unconscious
value judgment.

[10:00]
value judgment.
And that's how women get ghosted. It's
not because of the sex. In some cases
that could be the only positive
outweighing all the other negatives.
It's because of all the [ __ ] they
decided the sex had to come with. Real
talk. Women get ghosted after sex when
they make getting the sex so difficult,
painful, or expensive that men no longer
think it's worth it to engage with them
again.
But here's the thing. This phenomenon
still occurs in the context of
relationships where the woman is very
attracted to the man and sex occurs
fairly quickly. That is the man underos
the same unconscious calculus to
determine the transacted value of that
sexual opportunity for him. It's just
that these men are anchored at a
different price point. That is when men
are attractive and high value, they
routinely engage with attracted women

[11:00]
routinely engage with attracted women
for sexual relationships. So they are
used to getting things fairly cheaply.
And this means that even slight
increases in incurred costs may be
detrimental to the woman's long-term
prospects. You can charge more from
people who are used to paying more, not
so from people who are used to paying
less. And that's why I argue that a
woman's best bet is to offer the
richest, creamiest milk she can, high
good times, with as little difficulty or
friction as she can muster. Low hassle.
These women do not get ghosted. And
remember ladies, the more attractive the
man, the lower the margin of error here.
Something to consider. What do you
think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message. I know you know somebody. I
know you know somebody who needs to hear
this because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to

[12:00]
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. I have a few
other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly can find out more on my website.
There's also my best-selling book, The
Value of Others, in which I explore my
model for sexual relationships, and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host live bimonthly
group consultation calls and Q&A with
invited guests from all over the
internet. It's a great group. Check it
out if you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.