[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is
the price of safety.
So everything in this world has a cost
and if you are unable or unwilling to
pay it then you will not receive that
good. As I've said in other places, the
universe lives closed. That is the
default answer to all questions is no.
And this makes sense because if the
default answer were yes, the earth would
have been stripped bare long before you
or I ever made our appearance. Since so
many games are played for zero sum goods
and are staked with finite resources,
the universe has to live closed. So
either be willing and able to pay what
anything costs or surrender the desire
to attain it. Otherwise, be prepared to
suffer.
Now, just like anything else, there is a

[01:01]
Now, just like anything else, there is a
cost to safety. And in this episode, I'm
going to be speaking primarily to women.
While it's true that everyone wants to
feel safe, safety seems to be more of a
relational need for women than it is for
men. And this means that in conjunction
with what I said earlier, if women want
to secure safety, then they have to be
willing to pay its cost. Now, before I
explicitly tell you exactly what the
cost of safety is, let me first share
with you a little anecdote that happened
to me recently to help prepare the
ground and illustrate my point. So, I've
been going to the gym a lot recently.
I've been making good progress and
taking care of my health as best I can.
And while I've been working out, I
couldn't help but notice that there are
some really jacked individuals who have
clearly been training for decades. It's
both humbling and inspiring at the same
time.
One day, I was in the middle of an
exercise involving some dumbbells. I had

[02:01]
exercise involving some dumbbells. I had
just done two sets and I had one left to
go. So, I was resting for the final push
when another guy came up and started to
take the dumbbells that were lying on
the ground in front of me. Maybe he was
impatient. Maybe he just didn't notice
that I was still using them. But what I
couldn't help but notice was that this
guy had at least 5 in on me and 100 lb
of pure muscle. He was absolutely
yolked. And if push came to shove, it
would absolutely not be a fair fight.
Understand what I'm saying? So given the
circumstances, how do you think I
responded? Do you think I said, "What
the [ __ ] man? either get your own
weights or wait till I'm done like a
good little boy or is your junk so small
that you have to overcompensate by being
a huge dick. Like, do you think I coped
an attitude? Do you think I started
insulting him or making a scene?

[03:00]
insulting him or making a scene?
H, it may surprise you, but I actually
did none of those things. Do you know
how I did respond? I said, "Oh, bro, I
actually got one more set on those
weights. You're welcome to work through
if you'd like, but if you can wait just
like one more minute, they're going to
be all yours." And do you know how he
responded in this escalating scenario?
Oh, sorry, man. Didn't see. No problem.
Let me know when you're finished.
Boom. Problem completely avoided.
And this kind of checks out, right? like
why would he escalate the situation? I
was respectful without being flattering.
I was differential without being a
pushover. And I was reasonable without
being emotionally cold. And just to be
clear, though I could clearly see that
the guy could mop the floor with me, I
wasn't respectful, differential, and
reasonable because I was afraid. Like my
heart wasn't pounding in my chest. I

[04:02]
heart wasn't pounding in my chest. I
didn't see scenes of conflict and
aggression playing out in my mind's eye.
I didn't feel intimidated by his
presence. Okay.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
All right, now we're ready to get into
it. Listen up, ladies. If you want

[05:00]
it. Listen up, ladies. If you want
safety, you have to be willing to pay
its price. And the cost of safety is
civility.
I'll say that again. The cost of safety
is civility.
If you are unable or unwilling to be
civil to those who are stronger and more
powerful than you, then on some level
you run the risk of surrendering the
protection of against having that
strength or power enforced upon you. And
this is great news because civility, all
things being equal, is an extremely
affordable, accessible, and abundant
resource. That is to say, when you can
buy safety with civility, you are
securing a very desirable good at a very
steep discount.
We don't like to admit this
forthrightly, but it is the natural
order of things for the strong to

[06:00]
order of things for the strong to
oppress the weak. Just look at nature.
Heavy things press down on lighter
things. The gazelle can eat because it's
bigger and stronger than the grass. And
the lion can eat because it's bigger and
stronger than the gazelle. Don't kill a
messenger. That's just how it is. Now in
any human society, some people are going
to be stronger and more powerful than
others. But in order for people to live
together, the less powerful people who
are more numerous and are therefore
stronger and more powerful on mass than
even the strong and powerful individuals
basically ask those with more power
individually to forego some of the
natural privileges afforded them as a
consequence of their strength and power.
And traditionally in return these
powerful individuals are recompensed for
their sacrifice with the respect and
difference of the less powerful.
So far so good
women. I guarantee

[07:01]
women. I guarantee
if you behave more civily toward men,
you will feel a lot safer.
And the less respectful or differential
you are, the less safe you're going to
feel. I mean, at the opposite extreme,
how can someone possibly feel safe if
she's going around being provocative all
the time? Like, I think this is why
women tend to choose the bear over the
man. Like, projection. Anyone? Some
women have spent a lifetime provoking or
disrespecting men. So, I can certainly
understand their reticence at the idea
of being left alone with them. Now, this
is obviously not true for all women.
However, it is the unfortunate reality
these days that some women treat men the
way some people today treat cops.
Now, just like any other institution,
the police force is not perfect and it
has its share of problems. However, some

[08:03]
has its share of problems. However, some
people treat police officers, no matter
who they are, as if they're all [ __ ]
pigs and the scum of the earth and
corrupt racist psychopaths. And they
yell at them and resist them and
obstruct them
while at the exact same time expect them
to provide exceptional service and
commitment to duty. Like these same
people expect the police to follow every
single rule and every single law and
every single protocol while
simultaneously
treating them as if they're vicious and
incompetent tyrants. Like, make that
make sense. In what other profession can
you treat people so badly and still
expect exceptional service? It's absurd
and insane.
And I'm arguing that a comparable thing
happens when some women interact with
men. That is, they treat them with
contemptuous disrespect,

[09:02]
contemptuous disrespect,
but still expect them to respond with
kindness, patience, and love. Some have
this attitude that they should be able
to say or behave however they want
without consequence. I can say what I
want. I can do what I want. What are you
going to do? Huh? Huh? If you don't like
it, what are you going to do? Huh? like
some [ __ ] man you are. I can see why
your father isn't proud of you. I'm
going to go out and find a real man.
Okay. It's like, ladies, do you want to
live in society?
The price of civilization is actually
the voluntary surrender of the right to
say or do whatever you want. And spoiler
alert, being aggressive and threatening
are
actually crimes like menacing and
harassment, you know. And on top of
that, I would argue that it's actually
an extremely dangerous way to treat a
person who may have 100 lb of muscle on
you. Like, you wouldn't poke a
rattlesnake, would you? You wouldn't

[10:00]
rattlesnake, would you? You wouldn't
argue that you should be able to slap a
shark.
In any case, the price of safety is
civility.
Behave more respectfully and less
provocatively toward men, and I
guarantee you will begin to feel safer
very, very quickly.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know someone who needs to hear
this. Other value propositions. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my book, The
Value of Others, in which I deeply
explore human relationships, and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, in which, among other things,
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls. It's a great group. Check it out
if you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support,

[11:01]
As always, I appreciate your support,
and I thank you for listening.