[00:00]
Do you think because of the idea of how
men peak in their sexual market value
later on versus women, we struggled so
long so much from 18 to, you know, up to
30 even to have a higher sexual market
value with women? And as we get older,
once we're actually in a relationship
for most guys after 30, that's really
when the peak of sexual market value
comes into play. And because of that
unfamiliarity of not having access
before, this is why it's perhaps harder
later on for men. Whereas for women,
perhaps because they were from 18 to 25,
that's when their highest sexual market
value was. So by the time they're 30,
they're ready to have a baby. They've
already gone through that stage with
their lives. I think there's some truth
to that. You know, traditionally, we
would call that sewing your wild oats
before you settle down, right? And I do
think that maybe one of the drivers of
the traditional midlife crisis, which
seems to affect men disproportionately
than it does women, right? So imagine a
guy gets married young, maybe to his

[01:01]
guy gets married young, maybe to his
high school sweetheart, does right by
her, buys the house, works really hard,
he's the good husband and father and
provider, but you know, as the years go
on, 20 years later, the woman's had a
few children. She's starting to show
signs of age. Maybe they haven't had sex
in a while. The guy might be have made
something of himself by by now and is
becoming successful or rich or high
status. She's on the decline. He's on
the up and up. He's never exercised the
privilege of being in a more
advantageous position in the sexual
marketplace. That could be a temptation
that he can't resist. It's like I don't
want to die without knowing what this is
like. This could be my one and only
life. I need to be kind of live it for
myself. It's like all fair and love and
war. It's like I'm sorry, but I have to
do right by me on some level. I have to
survive. So, I think that that's
possible. It's one of the reasons why I
suggest in the book that men don't
seriously consider marriage or long-term
relationship until they're at least 35.