[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is the
scarlet effect. So this is going to
sound a little weird. However, I believe
that even though we're all born into
human bodies, we don't all become full
human beings, at least in the sense that
we don't all arrive at the full
expression of our humanity. In fact, it
could very well be the case that we all
must pass through some form of hardship
or ordeal in order to realize our full
humanity.
Jordan Peterson has spoken about this.
Among other things, he is known for his
interpretation of the Pinocchio fairy
tale, which could be considered the
archetypal such journey for men. In the
story, Pinocchio undergoes an ordeal
that transforms him from a mere puppet
to a real boy, which could be considered
a transition from the potential of

[01:00]
a transition from the potential of
boyhood to the full expression of his
male humanity. To do this, Pinocchio had
to be brave and disciplined and
sacrificial. And it's only when he risks
his life to save his father that he kind
of earns the right to become fully
human. It's a nice story, right? Now on
some level the Pinocchio ordeal is
unavoidable for men. That is hardship
comes for men and no one protects men
from hardship. Certainly men can fail
and succumb in a variety of ways or they
can overcome and rise to the challenge
but they kind of can't avoid it
altogether.
This is not true for many women,
especially many young women. For better
or worse, women tend to be more
protected from hardship than men are.
But in my opinion, they still might have
to go through an ordeal of their own in
order to arrive at the full expression

[02:01]
order to arrive at the full expression
of their humanity as well. If they are
too fully or too often protected from
hardship, women can kind of stay dolls
in their own right. Porcelain dolls to
Pinocchio's wooden marionette, but dolls
nonetheless. And one of the best
examples of this phenomenon in popular
culture is given to us in the character
of Scarlett O'Hara in Margaret
Mitchell's Gone with the Wind. And
that's why I call this episode the
Scarlet Effect. It's the moment
epitomized by Scarlett O'Hara where
women pass into the full expression of
their female humanity. So Scarlett
O'Hara, especially as portrayed by
Vivian Lei in the 1939 film adaptation,
has got to be one of the most
infuriating,
impossible, insufferable characters to
ever grace the silver screen. She is
bratty, entitled, petulant, rude,

[03:02]
bratty, entitled, petulant, rude,
spoiled, and perpetually dissatisfied
even in the midst of great wealth and
privilege. However, she's also cursed
with great beauty. So, she kind of gets
away with it. And I'm using the word
cursed intentionally.
Because of her beauty, men all around
her, family and suitors, protect her
from the hardships of life, which
irrespective of their intentions, keeps
her in a protracted dolllike state much
longer than is otherwise necessary. But
because daddy pays for everything and
one gentleman caller after another comes
seeking a hand in marriage, including
the dashing and debonire red butler who
we'll get to in a moment. She can kind
of act like a petty tyrant, an
opportunity that she seizes with a plum.
But fate had other things in store for
Scarlet. If you're interested in taking

[04:00]
Scarlet. If you're interested in taking
your understanding to the next level, I
would encourage you to check out the
Captain's Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Gone with the Wind is the story of the
southern landed gentry before and after
the American Civil War, which spoiler
alert didn't treat them very kindly. And
there's a moment about halfway through
the story when the war from which she
had mostly been protected comes to
Scarlet. Her family's mansion is burned
down, and all her help abandons her. And
she must chop her own wood to keep warm,
and she must fetch her own water to
drink. And she must dig in the ground

[05:00]
drink. And she must dig in the ground
for roots with her bare hands to keep
from starving. And in her hardship and
humiliation, her vanity and pride
shattered, she makes a promise to
herself and to God on high that she'll
never go hungry again. Right? This is
the moment that she earns her full
humanity. Life kind of breaks her open.
And from that moment forward,
she stops her miserable complaining and
she becomes kind and grateful and
patient and self-sufficient.
And these are all wonderful things for
any adult human being to be. Like you
kind of can't reasonably be considered
fully human, man or woman, if you are
still cruel and ungrateful and impatient
and dependent. And it's only after she
passes through this ordeal that she is
finally willing to accept Rhett's
proposal and become a wife and mother.
Harrah.

[06:01]
Harrah.
Now, if the story ended there, we could
probably say that they lived happily
ever after. However, as I've said
before, the only real difference between
a comedy, which traditionally ends in
marriage, and a tragedy is where the
action stops.
Unfortunately, once the war is over and
things get back on track, Scarlet kind
of goes back to her old tricks, and
Rhett, who has been patiently pursuing
her for decades, finally has enough and
leaves her to her miserable devices.
That's where we get one of the best mic
drops in cinematic history. Frankly, my
dear, I don't give a damn. Which is
basically, I don't give a [ __ ] about you
or anything that you do in 1930s slang.
And of course, the rest of us are
wondering why this dude didn't come to
his senses sooner.
In any case, my point is that in order
to realize their full potential,
women might have to go through an ordeal
like Scarlet. They may have to suffer
some significant loss or hardship in

[07:02]
some significant loss or hardship in
order to attain to some measure of
maturity, responsibility, and
accountability. And until then, like
Pinocchio, they may simply exist as
silly mechanical puppets.
Unless they are extremely virtuous and
disciplined, which is rare for anyone to
be, man or woman, people have to suffer
in order to break open their hearts. And
it's through those cracks that love and
compassion can enter. And until that
occurs, you're probably dealing with a
child, irrespective of his or her
chronological age.
There you have it. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its message
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. I know you know somebody
who needs to hear this. other value
propositions. For those who are
interested, you can join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original

[08:01]
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly through my
website. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, in which I explore my model
of economic relationships and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls, among other things.
The links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out if you
are so inclined. And as always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.