[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Scyc
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is AI
relationships.
Anyone who has read my book, the value
of others knows that the final chapter,
chapter 12, is devoted to a discussion
on the future of relationships. In this
chapter, I examine how the advent of new
technologies will significantly disrupt
the sexual marketplace. And I'm going to
expand on that topic here today.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the future. The future is
now. Laugh if you want, but married or
single, AI agents are soon going to be
your most relevant intraexual
competition. They are not going away.
They are here to stay. And we're going
to see more and more of them in the
coming years. Mark my words. By the end
of this decade, relationships with AI
companions will be fairly common place.

[01:03]
companions will be fairly common place.
That said, they won't be accepted right
away. In my opinion, the public
reception to this technology is going to
be very similar to that relating to the
advent of dating sites in the late '9s
and early 2000s. If you are around back
then, you'll recall that the
conventional judgment with respect to
those technologies was initially very
negative. Like dating sites were just
for losers. People who for whatever
reason couldn't meet other folks out in
the real world. Users were often mocked
by others and the users themselves often
felt ambivalent about their use,
creating anonymous usernames and
obscuring their identities. And yet
these technologies persisted.
Fast forward 25 years and now the
majority of new married couples met on a
dating app. A majority, more than 50%.
Dating apps are not only tolerated, they

[02:01]
Dating apps are not only tolerated, they
are mainstream. And as problematic as
these apps might be, all technologies
constitute both potential benefits and
potential liabilities. They aren't going
anywhere anytime soon.
Almost certainly the same thing is going
to happen with respect to AI companions.
People will initially mock the early
adopters like severely. They are for
losers. People who are so unattractive
or undesirable that literally no other
human being is willing to tolerate them.
And while both men and women will use
these technologies, albeit for different
reasons, it's probably going to be the
men who are shamed and targeted at this
stage of the process. These men are
pathetic, despicable, and almost beneath
contempt.
All right, but let's examine this a bit
more carefully.
Putting the costic judgment to one side,

[03:01]
Putting the costic judgment to one side,
maybe there's some truth to that.
Maybe these people can't satisfy their
needs or certainly not all of their
needs in real life relationships.
That's a pretty common human problem.
Like it's actually extremely rare for
someone to feel like all their needs and
wants are fulfilled in the context of
their romantic relationships. So what
we're actually talking about here is a
matter of degree. Almost everyone is
frustrated and unsatisfied to some
extent in their relationships.
So what are the options here?
People can A live with their unmet needs
and suffer privately lives of quiet
desperation.
B use that unmet need as a catalyst for
ending an otherwise satisfactory
relationship in which other needs are
met. C. Surrender the fulfillment of

[04:00]
met. C. Surrender the fulfillment of
their desire as a hopeless pipe dream.
D. Seek out licitly or otherwise other
human relationships to fulfill that
need. Or now E satisfy that need in a
virtual relationship.
Like that pretty much runs the entire
gamut of options in my opinion. And of
those five options, which one is likely
associated with the least amount of
unnecessary suffering and/or relational
chaos?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.

[05:01]
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, let's go one step further and
concede that the reason why many people
cannot get their needs and desires met
in real life relationships is because
they lack the ability to do so. And here
we see a stark double standard between
let's say physical incapacity and
emotional incapacity.
For instance, there are obviously people
who lack the ability to walk.
Insisting that they should be able to
walk or simply recommending that they go
to physical therapy isn't going to
change this reality. However, we have
collectively invented a number of
technologies, the wheelchair, the
inclined ramp that functionally enable
these people to participate in society.
The issue is that we typically don't
levy moral judgments against those who
can't walk, but we can't say the same
thing for those who say can't attract a

[06:02]
thing for those who say can't attract a
man or emotionally stimulate a woman.
Now, people will argue that satisfying
these needs in an artificial
relationship will be inherently
unfulfilling because AI isn't real
and that anyone who thinks otherwise
must be delusional or lying to
themselves. This seems like a fair
critique. So, let's consider this for a
moment.
First and foremost, we have to
understand that most needs, especially
outside of the basic biological or
physiological needs associated with
survival
are emotional, that is psychological.
And if a need is psychological, then
it's for the mind to decide whether it's
satisfied or not. Like consider how
frustrating it is when a partner doesn't
recognize the satisfaction of a need.
Many people don't see what they actually
have. And many others actually see what

[07:03]
have. And many others actually see what
they don't. But in both cases, whatever
the mind tells them is true is what is
going to be true within their subjective
experience. Okay. My point is that since
needs are not ontologically objective,
that is since needs exist in the minds
of others, then you don't need an
ontologically objective means like a
real person or a human relationship to
satisfy them.
Now, you might argue, fair enough,
Orion, but don't you think it would be
more satisfying or fulfilling to get
these needs met in a real human
relationship than in a virtual
interaction with an AI agent? And I
would respond
probably, at least like at their highest
expression.
But that might not be true for some or
even most cases.
Think of it this way. Right now, the

[08:01]
Think of it this way. Right now, the
most common function to which chat GPT
is currently being applied is the
provision of emotional support.
The most common function. And I'm pretty
sure that's not what the designers
intended. And I don't even think it's
what the market the the product is
explicitly marketed to provide. However,
people organically in all mass
collectively decided that chat GPT can
be used to provide emotional support.
And emotional support is a need that say
a therapist would traditionally fulfill.
right now. Is Chat GPT better than an
exceptional therapist?
Almost certainly no.
However, is it better than a mediocre
therapist?
Almost certainly yes.
And how many mediocre therapists are
there? Like by definition, most people

[09:01]
there? Like by definition, most people
in any category are going to be
mediocre. That is kind of average.
You see where this is going?
Even if we concede that getting your
emotional needs met in a relationship
with a human being would be the most
satisfying means of doing so, that would
only be true at the highest levels.
You'd need an exceptional relationship
with an exceptional human being. And how
many relationships are exceptional?
And how many human beings, men and
women, are exceptional? People don't
like hearing this, but the vast majority
of people are mediocre. That is kind of
average men and women. And I can
absolutely see how getting emotional
needs met in the context of a good
virtual relationship might actually be
more satisfying than getting them met in
a mediocre human relationship,
especially given the understanding that

[10:01]
especially given the understanding that
it's the mind that decides whether a
need is satisfied or not. So those are
my two cents on the topic. Love it or
hate it, AI is here to stay. And mark my
words, it will radically transform the
landscape of the sexual marketplace,
especially once it's married with
immersive VR, which is already coming
down the pipeline. So, buckle your seat
belts.
The only real choice that we have in the
matter is how we decide to respond.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know someone who's interested
in this kind of stuff. Other value
propositions. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or a book, a paid a
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so through my website. There's
also my bestselling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore human

[11:00]
Others, in which I explore human
relationships, and my paid member
community, The Captain's Quarters, in
which I host, among other things,
bimonthly group consultation calls. It's
a great group, a lot of value provided.
Check it out if you are so inclined. As
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.