[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
the art of surrender.
So this is going to be a serious
episode. I have previously spoken about
being in the jaws of life. Being in the
jaws of life means that you are in the
grip of a significant misfortune. And
reality being what it is, this is a
situation that unfortunately
no one can indefinitely escape. As far
as I can tell, the mortality rate on
this planet remains 100%.
Not only are we ourselves going to die,
but everyone that we know, everyone that
we love, and everyone that we care about
is going to die as well. We're all in
the same boat. fellow passengers to the
grave, as Charles Dickens wrote. And for
many people, the loss of a loved one can
be even more frightening and painful

[01:00]
be even more frightening and painful
than our own deaths. Like there are few
experiences more difficult to withstand,
than witnessing the decline and loss of
someone we love. Few things inspire more
hopelessness and powerlessness than
being unable but not unwilling to help a
loved one who is suffering.
Since we are all functionally guaranteed
to pass through this experience, today
I'm going to talk about a strategy that
will help you navigate this
circumstance.
While there is almost always something
that we can do to help others,
sometimes the unfortunate reality is
that what we can do still amounts to
very little in the scheme of things. It
certainly may not be enough to change
the outcome. And when this is the case,
we need to practice the art of
surrender. The art of surrender is the
process of relaxing into your
powerlessness.

[02:00]
powerlessness.
It is an acknowledgement that the vast
majority of circumstances is outside
your domain of control, which is how it
has always been and how it will always
be. And this is really important to
remember. Why? Because from the
perspective of objective reality, the
moment you're passing through in which
you feel hopeless and powerless is no
different from any other moment you've
already experienced when you weren't
feeling this way. Reality has not
changed. What's changed is your
awareness of reality.
In reality, you have been hopeless and
powerless your entire life. However, it
hasn't caused you the pain you are
currently experiencing because you are
not acutely aware of this fact. But this
also means that being hopeless and
powerless has not prevented you from
living and loving and working and
feeling well. This is because even in

[03:02]
feeling well. This is because even in
the midst of our hopelessness and
powerlessness, we are generally provided
for.
A great way to remember this is to go on
a mindfulness walk. No earbuds or music
or podcasts. Just take a walk around
your neighborhood and see what your eyes
see and hear what your ears hear.
Observe the nature all around you. You
do not make the trees grow or the birds
sing or the sunshine. You do not make
the wind blow or the earth hold or the
world turn. You don't even make your
eyes see or your ears hear. These are
things they do all on their own.
And this is because your body is
actually part of divine nature. You do
not know how to beat your heart or
secrete your bile or engage in mitosis.
Anyone who believes otherwise is
dramatically overextending their
identity.
They might as well think they make the

[04:00]
They might as well think they make the
moon rise, right? We are not separate
from the rest of existence. We are
nature experiencing itself with a dash
of emergent consciousness to spice up
the experience and nature unfolds
without our effort or participation.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the captain's
quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, the purpose of this walk is to
further accept the reality that you are
not in the driver's seat. While so many
things are outside of our control, which

[05:01]
things are outside of our control, which
can be scary,
this also means that so many things are
not our responsibility,
which can be relieving.
And you didn't move from the driver's
seat to the passenger seat when you
began to feel powerless. You were in the
passenger seat the entire time. You had
just been asleep and now you are awake.
So being in the passenger seat isn't
necessarily a problem. someone else was
driving the entire time. It hadn't been
up until the point you woke up, so it
doesn't actually have to be a problem
now. And I think this is a good moment
to remind folks of the serenity prayer.
God, give me the strength to accept the
things I cannot change, the courage to
change the things I can, and the wisdom
to know the difference. It's a very
simple prayer and maybe somewhat
cliched, but that doesn't detract from
its fundamental usefulness. Like any
person in possession of those three

[06:00]
person in possession of those three
things will move through life with much
more peace and much, much less
suffering. The height of wisdom, of
course, is to know the difference. And
as Epictatus reminds us, this is where
the difficulty lies. Even if we could
all agree on what is say good or bad or
strength or weakness or right or wrong
which we can't, it falls to each one of
us to apply these general categories to
particular cases and there's no real
point in having the right definition or
conceptualization if you lack the
judgment to apply the category
correctly.
However, to the extent that we can
cultivate these three things,
acceptance, courage, and wisdom, we can
learn to be good passengers within the
vessels provided us by nature. Of
course, this is much easier to say than
it is to do, and it's especially
difficult to do when you're currently in
the jaws of life. And that's why it's a

[07:01]
the jaws of life. And that's why it's a
really, really good idea to practice the
art of surrender intensely. and
repeatedly
before you actually need to use it.
Begin to accept the transients of all
things before they fade away, which they
will. If you practice frequently and
seriously enough, then once the time
comes, you'll be able to navigate that
moment with much greater success and
equinimity.
That's what I have for you. What do you
think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message. I know you know somebody
who needs to hear this because it's word
of mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value props, people who are looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with me can do
so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore models of
relationship, and my private member

[08:01]
relationship, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls. It's a really great group. Lots
of value in both of those propositions.
Check them out if you're so inclined.
The links to everything are in the
description below. And as always, I
appreciate your support and I thank you
for listening.