[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
the look.
So, this is an episode for the guys.
Guys, I'm going to help you communicate
sexual intent more effectively. As a
man, it is your job in the initial
interaction and certainly on the first
date to communicate sexual intent. The
idea here is to prevent any possible
misunderstandings with women. You are
not here to be friends. You are not here
to be pickle ball partners or study
buddies or a therapeutic peer or any of
the various subtrifuges that men rely on
to get closer to women. No, you are here
because you are attracted to her
physically and you are interested in
initiating a sexual relationship. Got
it?
A lot of men hide their sexual intent
because they are afraid that it will
somehow be off-putting or offensive to

[01:01]
somehow be off-putting or offensive to
women. However, this is not the real
reason. Men hide because they still have
an ambivalent relationship with their
own sexuality. That is they still
believe at some level that their sexual
interest is bad or wrong or disgusting
or sinful or shameful or whatever
negative word his family in particular
and his culture in general has judged
his sexuality to be like good boys don't
think about women like that. Right?
And when a man hasn't truly accepted his
own sexuality, he can project those
judgments onto women who he believes
will perceive his sexual interest as
somehow wrong or transgressive or
offensive. And when he approaches women
with that emotional expectation, they
tend to resonate with the vibe he is
giving off, which can make this a
self-fulfilling prophecy. So, it's

[02:00]
self-fulfilling prophecy. So, it's
important for men to resolve this
ambivalence one way or another and to
accept their sexual desire for what it
is.
Another reason why guys are loathed to
reveal their sexual intent is that they
are worried about being perceived as
creepy. And I've kind of got good news
and bad news on that front. The good
news is that there's no such thing as
objectively creepy behavior. Creepiness,
like so many things, lives in the eye of
the beholder. The same behavior will be
viewed very differently by a woman who
is not attracted to you and by a woman
who is. While the former might find the
behavior creepy, the latter might find
it funny or charming or interesting or
bold.
As I've stated previously, everything
you do in the presence of a woman is
filtered through her lens of attraction.
If she's very attracted to you, then you
can kind of do no wrong. On the other
hand, if she's not very attracted to

[03:00]
hand, if she's not very attracted to
you, you can kind of do no right. And
the bad news is that you're probably not
going to know for sure which woman
you're dealing with until you put
yourself in front of her and gauge her
interest level. That said, when it comes
to communicating sexual intent, we do
want to use common sense here, guys.
Openly augling her while you're foaming
at the mouth probably isn't going to go
over very well. However, I am here to
tell you that there are ways of
communicating sexual intent respectfully
and nonverbally, which is especially
good for pickup or an initial
interaction. While it's good to be
confident, pushing too hard too soon is
likely going to be counterproductive.
But that doesn't mean we hide. Why?
Because hiding sexual intent is the
number one reason guys end up in awkward
misunderstandings with women. To some
women actually move through life

[04:00]
women actually move through life
thinking that people are just nice and
friendly. Like that guy wants to help
her move and that guy wants to hear
about her day. Not because they want
anything. No. But because she's a good
person and they're good people and
everyone here is just good and caring
human beings. Right? And if you try to
tell these women that these guys just
want to [ __ ] them, they'll say, "Oh god,
no. That is gross. Come on. Why can't
people just be nice? Not everyone is
like you, Orion. Get your mind out of
the gutter."
And it's like, "No, sweetheart. They are
like me. They just don't have the balls
to come right out and go after what they
want in a more direct way." And they do
this because they're not feeling
confident enough that they'll get what
they want if they just go for it. So
they make all these sneaky indirect
approaches into a woman's bed. And we
don't want to be like these guys because
a we don't want to waste our time and b

[05:01]
a we don't want to waste our time and b
we don't want to create a situation
where she thought things were going to
go one way and we thought things were
going to go another because it's
probably going to be us the men who are
disappointed in how things actually turn
out when we're not aligned with respect
to the intention of our relationships.
Hence the importance of communicating
sexual intent.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,

[06:00]
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Now, one of the best ways to communicate
sexual intent is by using eye contact.
There are ways of looking at someone
that disinterested strangers or even
friendly well-wishers don't do. Eye
contact is powerful and immediate while
also being direct and respectful. It's a
way to communicate sexual intent without
being overly overt or explicit about it.
So, let's talk about how to do this
using the look.
The look is a way of introducing sexual
intent into an interaction. To do this,
you'll need to make unbroken eye contact
with the woman in question. Ideally,
when neither one of you is talking, like
imagine she's just finished saying
something.

[07:01]
Don't rush in to fill the silence.
Allow the pause to continue a little
longer than usual. Allow your gaze to
hold her own a little longer than you
feel comfortable.
This is a great way to inject a bit of
tension into an exchange, which is good
for increasing emotional arousal.
And the look that we're going for is
actually very specific. It might take a
little practice to get there, but you
kind of want to feel yourself opening
internally.
Like imagine a little door in your chest
opening when you're looking at her.
Relax the muscles around your eyes.
Allow a little slackness in your jaw.
The intention here is to let her in
through your eyes to see her seeing you
more deeply.
Okay, that's step one. And once you've

[08:01]
Okay, that's step one. And once you've
achieved this state of inner openness,
you move into step two. Fill your mind
with sexual content. Imagine what she
might look like naked or what it would
feel like to [ __ ] her. You don't say any
of that, but you think that. And when
your mind is full of sexual content, it
will make subtle changes to your gaze
and expression that often occur below
the threshold of awareness.
Okay. You look at her until you see that
she sees and you see her seeing that you
see that she sees.
I'll say that again. You look at her
until you see that she sees and you see
her seeing that you see that she sees.
And when this occurs, she will generally
look away or blush or kind of laugh

[09:00]
look away or blush or kind of laugh
nervously. That's not a bad thing. And
once that occurs, you don't have to do
it again. Like done correctly, once is
enough. And if you then move forward
with asking for her phone number or her
Instagram, your request will be
perceived from the place of having
received the look. She'll understand
that this is not a friendly invitation.
As I've said, this is something that you
might have to practice before it really
starts to land. And you can start by
doing mirror work at home. However,
there is no substitute for actual
practice in the field. Don't worry if
you stumble along the way. That's how
literally everyone gets better at
everything. And the ability to
effectively communicate your sexual
intent is a skill well worth having.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it is word of mouth referrals

[10:00]
because it is word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. and other value
propositions. People looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a private
one-on-one paid consultation with me can
do so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore interexual dynamics
very deeply and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly live group consultation calls.
A lot of great stuff happening in those
places. The links to everything are in
the description below. Check him out if
you are so inclined. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.