[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is you are a
parking space.
Strange title I know but bear with me
please. So the explicit mission of this
channel is to reduce the amount of
unnecessary suffering in the world. And
I'm going to tell you that the vast
majority of unnecessary suffering in
this world is due to inappropriate
attachment. This is nothing new. The
Buddha talked about this thousands of
years ago. However, I'm going to
approach this idea more from a
psychological perspective than a
spiritual one.
From a psychological perspective, we can
think of inappropriate attachment as the
precursor to narcissistic injury. And
most unnecessary suffering is a form of
narcissistic injury. What does this
mean? As I've said before, you are what
is left after everything that can be
taken from you is taken from you. I'll

[01:03]
taken from you is taken from you. I'll
let you noodle that one out for a
second. You are what is left after
everything that can be taken from you is
taken from you. Anything that is not you
is simply something that you have. and
everything that you have will be taken
from you in time as nothing we can
possess is enduring. When people
identify with their possessions, that is
when they inappropriately attach who
they are to what they have, then they
suffer unnecessarily when their
possessions are taken from them. And of
course this suffering is unnecessary
because there was absolutely no
necessity to identify with these things
in that way. And we can call the
suffering attendant to inappropriate
attachment narcissistic injury because
the people in question have overextended
the boundaries of their identity.

[02:02]
the boundaries of their identity.
Overextended the boundaries to include
things that they merely have.
This is a kind of narcissistic
grandiosity.
We usually think of narcissistic
grandiosity as someone walking around
thinking that they're the bee's knees.
But technically, narcissistic
grandiosity occurs whenever the
boundaries of the identity are
overextended to include anything that is
not the self, positive or negative. This
could really be anything. I am a
teacher. Well, who are you when you can
no longer work? I'm a New Yorker. Well,
who are you when the New York you know
no longer exists? I'm a victim of abuse.
Well, who are you when you've healed
from your insult? People can be attached
to their children or their bank accounts
or their reputations or their vices.
That is, the things people have aren't
always or even usually just stuff.

[03:03]
always or even usually just stuff.
Think of it this way. And you can't see
who most people are at all. All you can
see is what they've surrounded
themselves with. And they want you to
believe and treat them as if the things
that they have are actually who they
are. And they do this in an attempt to
stave off the terror that attends the
vulnerability of being in the world. You
are probably no different.
Now this can be irritating for some
people because they don't consciously
think to themselves in those terms. That
is they don't think I am my net worth or
I am my children. But when we consider
the suffering that arises when those
things are taken from them or even just
merely threatened, we can't help but
recognize the existence of an attachment
that either they could not recognize or
refuse to adequately acknowledge.

[04:00]
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
I'm going to help you with this today.
One way to prevent inappropriate
attachment and its inevitable
narcissistic injury is to think of
yourself as a parking space. You are not
the car. Whatever make or model that
happens to be parked there at the
present moment. You are the place in

[05:01]
present moment. You are the place in
which the car is parked the container.
You are the space in which what you have
temporarily exists. And we know that the
having is temporary because all these
things came from some other place and
can only exist in that space because
some other things that were there
previously have left. It's kind of how a
parking lot works, right?
All right, so let's apply this metaphor
to some of the most common inappropriate
attachments. Here's a good one. You are
not your money. As Marcus Aurelius
reminds us, money is a Everyone
uses it and it belongs to no one. And it
would have no value otherwise. Money
circulates. That's why we call it
currency. Like an ocean current, it has
to flow. Otherwise, it's worthless on
some level. And how can you think that
you are something that has belonged to
countless others and that only deres its

[06:01]
countless others and that only deres its
value as it leaves your possession?
Like, how can you even think of having
something like that, let alone being it?
And yet, it is one of the most common
props against existential vulnerability.
Or maybe it's something more respectable
than money, like reputation.
But you are not your reputation. How
could you be? Your reputation lies
entirely in the minds of other people.
You cannot be the minds of other people.
You have no direct access to those minds
and they all exist outside of your
domain of control. How can you think of
identifying with something you can't
control? That's just asking for pain.
Other people's opinion of you is none of
your business. It's ridiculous to
identify with the unknown and ultimately
unknowable thoughts of others.
Or maybe it's a relationship of some
kind. Your girlfriend, your husband,

[07:00]
kind. Your girlfriend, your husband,
your children.
But it only takes a little thought to
realize how ridiculous it would be to
identify with these relationships. After
all, they might be parking spaces, too.
As people in their own right, they are
also the spaces in which what they have
temporarily exists just like you are.
And if that's true, how can a space
exist as an attribute of some other
space? That's like 0 divided by 0. The
math isn't mathing. So you are not your
relationships.
You can even think about it in terms of
your physical body in the first place.
The vast majority of what constitutes
your physical substrate is actually a
part of nature and as such as just as
much within your domain of control as
say the changing of the seasons. Think
about it. Your heartbeat, your bile
secretion,
your cellular mitosis,

[08:01]
your cellular mitosis,
you don't know how to do any of those
things. So how can you possibly identify
with them? If the concept of I, the
subject I means anything, it is that the
I has the ability to act upon objects. I
do this, I do that, which wouldn't be
the case here.
And just like your parking space might
be temporarily occupied by a car that
came from somewhere else because some
other car had already left, your body on
a physical level only exists because the
molecules from which it is constituted
were temporarily liberated from use
elsewhere in the universe and they will
be dissipated once again when their
possession is no longer tenable. Ashes
to ashes as it were. So you are not your
body.
You are the space in which what you have
temporarily exists. And what is that
space?

[09:00]
space?
It's nothing.
It has to be nothing. If it were
something, it wouldn't be a space.
Whether or not this is ultimately
ontologically true is not the point
here. It is useful to consider that you
might be the space as this
identification will prevent a host of
unnecessary suffering. This is because
inappropriate attachment is like
touching a hot stove. Identify with what
you have and not with who you are and
you're asking to be burned.
It's also potentially useful because it
helps to clarify the only real
difference between people, that is
between spaces, namely capacity.
The only real way that spaces differ
from one another is with respect to how
much stuff can fit inside of them. But
the stuff itself will fit wherever it
can fit. Do you understand? What a

[10:02]
can fit. Do you understand? What a
person can have for good or bad is
primarily determined by his or her
capacity.
And this is the ultimate goal of all
self-development to increase one's
capacity. A capacity to hold all kinds
of different things of all kinds of
different sizes.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who geeks out on this kind
of stuff because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. I'm counting on
you. Other value ads. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore my economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host

[11:00]
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly group consultation calls
from folks all over the planet. It's a
lot of fun. Check it out if you are so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support
and thank you for listening.