[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is she
can cry. She can cry. She's allowed to.
And you don't have to do anything about
it. She has a right to her emotions,
doesn't she? If she were happy or
peaceful or satisfied, you wouldn't feel
the need to do anything about it, would
you? She has a right to feel happy and
peaceful and satisfied. And trying to
change those emotions when they're
present is tacitly arguing that there is
something wrong with feeling them. And
there's nothing wrong with them. She has
a right to feel however she wants. And
if she wants to feel happy or peaceful
or satisfied, what's it to you, my dude?
By the same token, she has a right to
feel sad. And trying to change that
emotion when it's present is tacitly

[01:00]
emotion when it's present is tacitly
arguing that there is something wrong
about feeling sad. And there is nothing
wrong about feeling sad. She has a right
to feel however she wants. And if she
wants to feel sad, what's it to you, my
dude? You don't need to do anything
about it.
And yet, and yet so many men feel that
they do, in fact, have to do something
about it. There are few things more
distressing for a man than to see a
woman he cares about, his wife, his
sister, his daughter, crying. The sight
of her tears can fill him with so much
guilt and pain and discomfort
irrespective of why she's crying that
some men will literally do anything in
their power to try to get her to stop.
They'll offer her the world. They'll do
a funny little dance. They'll promise to
do things that they have never honestly
wanted to do in their entire lives.

[02:00]
wanted to do in their entire lives.
They'll make commitments far beyond
their level of interest or investment,
etc., etc.
Most people have what I call a thumb
screw. A thumb screw is an emotion that
for whatever reason they find
particularly difficult to tolerate and
which therefore is where they are most
vulnerable to emotional manipulation.
And for many men, their thumbcrew is a
crying woman. Or more accurately, the
guilt and discomfort that arise in them
when they see a crying woman. And while
it's useful for all men to reconcile
themselves to a woman's distress, it is
absolutely essential for these men, the
ones with the relevant thumbcrew, to do
so. Why? Because offering some kind of
benefit, whether it's the provision of a
desired good through positive
reinforcement or the elimination of an
undesired ill through negative
reinforcement when a woman cries will

[03:00]
reinforcement when a woman cries will
absolutely make it more likely that she
will cry more in the future. This will
happen whether or not the woman is
intentionally manipulative as
reinforcement contingencies don't have
to be conscious in order to operate. As
always, we have to be very careful about
what we choose to reinforce in a
relationship.
Now, in the vast majority of cases, the
appropriate response to a woman's tears
is
nothing.
That's right, nothing. You don't have to
do a damn thing. Just let her feel her
feelings. Your emotions are your
responsibility, and her emotions are her
responsibility. She's a big girl. You
don't have to rush in and help an adult
self-regulate. Like, where does that
impulse come from in you, my dude? And
this is true even if she's bad at
self-regulation. After all, how else is
she going to learn how to do it? And

[04:00]
she going to learn how to do it? And
trust me, emotional self-regulation is
something that every adult human being,
man or woman, needs to learn how to do
for themselves.
When a woman cries, you don't have to do
anything. Your action should be
predicated on your own moral values and
responsibilities,
not her emotions.
I'll say that again. Your action should
be predicated on your own moral values
and responsibilities,
not her emotions. As a therapist, I'm
here to reassure you that no one has
ever died from their sadness.
People have of course died from the
action their sadness motivated them to
take but no one has died from
experiencing the feeling itself. I have
seen many many people men and women cry.
The survival rate so far has been 100%.
If you're interested in taking your

[05:00]
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
hope to see you aboard.
You know what all this means? It means
she's gonna be okay. Women cry for all
kinds of reasons. In many cases, the
distress that comes up in you at seeing
her cry might be greater than whatever
distress she's experiencing that's
motivating her to tears.
Just wait.
Some women are like the weather on a
mountain. They change every 15 minutes.
They can be warm and sunny in the
morning, violent and stormy in the

[06:01]
morning, violent and stormy in the
afternoon, and freezing cold at night.
Believing the weather you're currently
experiencing on a mountain will persist
through time, irrespective of what
weather that might be is foolish.
Don't mistake the weather for the
climate. When you encounter inclement
weather on a mountain, there's generally
nothing you can do about it. But if you
just hold tight a little bit, the
situation will very likely soon change
into something else. And the more
intense the weather, the more quickly it
will change. Catch my drift? Again, in
the majority of cases, you don't have to
do anything. You don't have to be
callous and derisive. You don't have to
explain why she has nothing to feel sad
about. That definitely won't work. And
you certainly don't have to move heaven
and earth to remove the perceived source
of her unhappiness.
Just let her cry.

[07:01]
Just let her cry.
Of course, every once in a while, it
will be appropriate to take action when
a woman cries. And the best way to
determine whether this might be one of
those instances is to cultivate what I
call your dad sense. Let me explain what
this means. Every man who has raised
small children will know what I'm
talking about. The kid will be skipping
around the yard without a care in the
world. And then suddenly, wham, she
falls and skins her knee.
And at that point, she'll start crying
to kind of capture dad's attention. And
she's doing that whether she's aware of
it or not because she doesn't know if
she's seriously injured. She's seeking
dad's reaction to know how she should
feel about her own sensations. And this
is where dad sense comes in. In this
situation, dad has to very quickly judge
what's going on and determine whether or
not action is necessary. If she's just

[08:02]
not action is necessary. If she's just
skinned her knee, most dads will likely
respond with something like, "Oh, it's
okay, sweetie. You're all right. We all
fall down from time to time. Just come
on. Let's get back up. You're doing
good.
And in many cases, that reaction, which
is largely a non-reaction to her tears,
will help her regulate her emotional
state appropriately, and she'll dry her
eyes and get back to her play. On the
other hand, if dad judges a situation
and determines that action is necessary,
he can then perform the appropriate
response and provide the necessary
redress. But this is actually fairly
rare. And to be honest, the scariest
thing for a dad is not when he hears a
crash followed by a cry. It's when he
hears a crash followed by nothing at
all. And this is important to keep in
mind when dealing with a crying woman.
The biggest pains and the most urgent
crises
are not associated with tears. So, if

[09:00]
are not associated with tears. So, if
she's crying, and what's more, she's
crying in your presence, it might not
actually be that bad. Like, it's
unlikely to be a life-changing emotional
wound that would require you to move
mountains to redress.
There are no tears for the deepest
hurts.
So, when a woman you care about is
crying, use your dad sense. Is there
actually a problem here? If not, then
take no action. If so, ask yourself, is
this problem rooted in my behavior? Did
I do something I said I wouldn't do? Did
I not do something I said I would do? Is
this problem my responsibility
regardless? If not, then take no action.
And of course, if the answer to any of
those questions is yes, then take
appropriate action.
Imagine she is disappointed. Well, if
you didn't make a commitment to do or
not do something, who disappointed her?

[10:02]
not do something, who disappointed her?
Or imagine she doesn't like something
about you? Well, if you're not doing
anything hurtful or morally
reprehensible, whose fault is that? She
picked you. And anyway, she's welcome
not to like everything about you. I'm
sure you don't like everything about her
either. Neither person has the
responsibility to change simply to suit
the other person's preferences.
Does she want to spend more time with
you? What a beautiful testament to her
affection. What do you want her to say?
Ah, whatever. I could really go either
way if I ever see you again. Like, it's
a sign of her love. Why would you want
to take that from her? When confronted
with a crying woman, use your dad sense.
But in general, the best response is to
simply let her cry.
Pay attention to whatever comes up
inside of you. And if necessary,
examining why you find a crying woman so
distressing and intolerable might be an

[11:01]
distressing and intolerable might be an
interesting line of inquiry for you to
go down. You could learn something very
important about yourself.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who fits this bill and
it's word of mouth referrals like this
that really help to make the channel
grow. Other value props, anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly can do so on my website. There's
also my bestselling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore deeply
interexual dynamics between men and
women, and my private member community,
The Captain's Quarters, where, among
other things, I host bimonthly group
consultation calls with interesting
folks from all over the planet. Links to
everything are in the description below.
Check them out if you are so inclined.
Lots of good resources there. As always,
I appreciate your support and thank you

[12:01]
I appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.