[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraband and this is
Psychax Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
dread.
So the explicit mission of this channel
is to reduce unnecessary human suffering
and this includes learning how to
eradicate evil. I've previously
discussed one of the main sources of
evil in this world, namely the
projection of disavowed aspects of the
self onto others and the eradication of
those others as an ineffective means of
purifying the self. This is why it's so
so important for people to do shadow
work so that they can acknowledge,
accept, and integrate the darker aspects
of their personality. When this occurs,
there is no longer a need to project
unto others, which cuts off a very
common wellspring of evil in this world.
Today, I'm going to be talking about
another such wellspring. It's a bit more

[01:00]
another such wellspring. It's a bit more
complex, but I think you'll find it very
interesting. It has to do with dread.
Let's get to it.
So, being cognizant of one's mortality
is a real [ __ ] It's sort of like
looking directly at the sun. No one can
do it for very long. We all know, like
intellectually know that we're going to
die, but we rarely ever come anywhere
close into direct emotional contact with
that fact. If we did, it would lead to
panic and terror and, well, the
inability to navigate laundry and taxes
and dating and all the other [ __ ]
that people have to do as human beings
in society.
The inevitability of death means that
every human being on this planet is
trapped.
There is no way out of here alive. We're
all buried in bodies that one way or
another will be the death of us. And
there is literally nothing we can do to

[02:00]
there is literally nothing we can do to
escape this doom. The rich can't escape
it. The good can't escape it. The
beautiful can't escape it. The clever
can't escape it. The powerful can't
escape it. No one can. There is
absolutely nothing anyone can do to
escape death.
Nothing.
And while we know that death will come
with absolute certainty, we also have no
idea when. We all have death sentences
and they can be executed at any moment
or in 80 years. So, you know, have fun
with that. An awareness of this reality,
this horrible mixture of certainty and
uncertainty gets mostly repressed in the
sense that it is stripped of
functionally all of its emotional
content. The problem is, however, that
nothing can be repressed entirely. Think
about it. Some part of you has to be
aware of what it is repressing so that

[03:02]
aware of what it is repressing so that
it knows what to repress. And the part
that can't be repressed leaks out as
dread.
Dread is not quite anxiety, though it is
related to it. Dread is like a perpetual
unease that makes living in the world
uncanny. In Po universe, it's the mask
of red death that smiles in at the
party, which makes it impossible for the
guests to completely lose themselves in
their in their realry. Now dread is a
very very intolerable emotion though
it's not quite as acutely intolerable as
say terror which is the compromise here.
In any case people try to escape dread
in all kinds of different ways. They can
escape it with sex and drugs, work and
ambition, entertainment and distraction,
pleasure and hedonism, aestheticism and
self-denial, spiritual bypass and toemic

[04:00]
self-denial, spiritual bypass and toemic
identification, etc., etc., etc. Dread
is pretty much intolerable for everyone,
which is why everyone is basically
trying to avoid it, even if very few
people are actually aware of the origin
of this motivation.
Now, many of these avoidance behaviors
can be sources of evil in their own
right. However, these tend to be more
commonplace sources of suffering. It
turns out that there is an even more
horrific solution to this problem.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.

[05:00]
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Before I tell you what it is, let me
give you a comparable analogy. Have you
ever had difficulty making a decision?
You hesitate and procrastinate. You go
back and forth, back and forth. You
think about it, and you overthink about
it, and you overthink about it again
until finally you say, "Fuck it. I'm
just going to choose something because I
can't take this anymore." And you
impulsively take action. That is, you
make a decision that is very unlikely to
be your optimal choice because you just
can't tolerate the stress of indecision
any longer. Has that ever happened to
you? That's called foreclosure and it's
something most of us have experienced at
some point in our lives.
Now, just like some people can't
tolerate the stress of indecision, some
people can't tolerate the strain of
dread. They can't stand waiting for the
axe to fall. The uncertainty kind of
drives them crazy and they say, "Fuck
it. Let's just make it happen. I can't

[06:02]
it. Let's just make it happen. I can't
take this anymore. I'm going to
precipitate death. either my own death
or the death of the world which put me
in this untenable, unwininnable,
inescapable situation.
Just like those in foreclosure finally
decide to turn away from indecision, but
do so in a suboptimal way, the people
who take this path finally decide to
avoid their avoidance and move in the
direction of death. And this can assume
the relief of resignation. By taking
action to collapse the uncertainty
around their mortality, they divest
themselves of dread and free themselves
of its burden. Indeed, this can even
feel empowering. It's a rebellion of
some kind. This refusal to simply be a
passive object of fate. It's taking
one's life into one's own hands. So it's
similar to anger which feels powerful

[07:01]
similar to anger which feels powerful
but is generally used to cover over more
vulnerable emotions like fear and
sadness. So turning toward death is
actually incentivized on multiple
levels.
Now just like we all have shadows, we
all have this instinct inside of us.
This impulse to escape dread by turning
toward what we've been running away from
our whole lives. Freud called this
impulse ThanoS or the death instinct and
he leaned on it more and more to explain
the otherwise incomprehensible horrors
of the great war.
We fight because we want to stop
fighting. But life is a fight. It's a
struggle to survive. Which means the
only real way to stop fighting is to
stop living.
And the shest way to make that happen is
not only the annihilation of all living
things, but the prevention of all

[08:00]
things, but the prevention of all
possible future life as well. Death
wants to dismantle life into its
constituent parts in the name of peace
because only then will life be safe and
only then will life be free.
Again, it's very easy to judge those who
surrender to the death instinct and
unleash destruction and misery onto the
world. However, that's part of what
keeps this going.
Those people are not bad in the sense
that they are not fundamentally
different from you or me. We all have
Thanoos inside of us. Believing that
it's just the bad people who do allows
the death instinct to continue to
operate in secret.
So what do we do about it? Well, just
like those committed to life and peace
should undertake shadow work to
integrate the unacceptable parts of
themselves they won't have to project
them onto others, those who want to

[09:01]
them onto others, those who want to
stand against annihilation should
cultivate the courage to live in the
shadow of death with greater awareness
and greater intention.
For some, this will look like the
practice of faith. For others, it will
look like embracing the absurdity of
existence. But for all it will look like
standing firm, refusing to run and
refusing to surrender.
It's not easy,
but neither is living through the
consequences of not doing so.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who'd be into this because
it's word of mouth referrals like this
that really help to make the channel
grow. Other value propositions. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my

[10:01]
on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the economic model of
relationships and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
among other things, I host bimonthly
group consultation calls. If you're
interested, check it out. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.