[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax and better living through
psychology. And the topic of today's
short talk is
the spark.
In the context of dating, many people
especially many young people are chasing
the spark, which is essentially another
way of talking about the desire to
experience lirance, butterflies,
chemistry, vibing. By any other name,
the spark is a certain quickening in the
blood in the presence of a certain
someone.
And since most people go to
relationships in order to feel, when
folks don't feel a spark by a certain
point in the courtship process, they're
often liable to move on to other
options, even in the absence of any
other liabilities.
And I'm of a mixed mind with respect to
this. On the one hand, I generally don't
think it's worth being in a sexual
relationship with someone you feel
nothing for, especially at the beginning

[01:00]
nothing for, especially at the beginning
of a courtship. On the other hand,
however, true affection is only
cultivated over time. And that is way
more important to the success of a
long-term relationship than the fleeting
feeling of lirance.
But let's talk about the spark anyway,
because telling people that it shouldn't
matter probably isn't going to change
anything.
One way to think about the spark is in
conjunction with attachment styles.
Whether we like it or not, we all carry
a certain template inside of us with
respect to how sexual relationships are
supposed to look and how they're
supposed to feel. And this template is
largely based on observing the
relationship or relationships of your
primary caregivers during your
childhood. This observation seems to be
a kind of instinct in that the creation
of such a template is both unconscious
and inevitable. And this kind of sucks
because it takes at least another two
decades for people to begin to become

[02:00]
decades for people to begin to become
aware of their templates and to respond
to them as necessary. In any case, if
the template is unconscious for most
people, how are they to make use of this
information in order to navigate through
life? Enter
The spark. The spark is a kind of signal
that the unconscious mind has observed a
match between a given stimulus and its
relevant template. Think of it as a way
to notify you that a pattern of which
you may not even be conscious has been
recognized.
And this is why the spark can feel so
intense. The spark contains a strong
impulse to approach because the
unconscious mind perceives an
opportunity to recreate the templated
dynamic that was impressed upon you in
childhood which for better or worse your
mind believes constitutes your best
chance of reproducing. After all, you
were the successful outcome of that

[03:01]
were the successful outcome of that
dynamic. So from the perspective of
evolution, it couldn't have been that
broken, could it?
Though the number seems to be dropping
according to recent estimates, the good
news is that around half the people in
the world are securely attached. And
this means that they generally grew up
within stable, loving, and intact
households. And since that is what they
observed as children, that is typically
their template for romantic
relationships. like on some level they
can't even conceive of a relationship
not looking like that which is why
securely attached folks can be so
charming in their naivee.
In any case, when these folks are out
and about and they encounter someone who
seems to fit the pattern encoded in
their unconscious relationship template,
then they are liable to feel some kind
of spark. Hooray. If they are looking
for a long-term relationship, this
feeling might be fairly reliable. Their

[04:00]
feeling might be fairly reliable. Their
template is like a compass that points
true north, so it might be worth
listening to.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
The issue, of course, is that not
everybody was raised in stable, loving,
and intact households. But these people,
like the securely attached folks, also

[05:01]
like the securely attached folks, also
have relationship templates and
attendant signal detection software. And
this means that they're liable to
experience intense attraction not to
people with whom they can have stable,
loving, long-term relationships,
but to people who unconsciously remind
them of whatever form of chaos or
dysfunction they observed as children.
And pursuing relationships with these
people typically leads to painful and
ill- fated reenactments of the original
dysfunction. These relationships don't
work, though they are all functioning
precisely as they were designed to do.
In any case, blindly following one's
emotional reactions is a surefire way to
end up brokenhearted or burnt out in the
dating market.
But that's only because these folks
weren't able to resist the impulse to
approach embedded in their feelings,

[06:00]
approach embedded in their feelings,
which granted is a very hard thing to
do. Think about it. These people's
templates are actually just as reliable
as the securely attached folks. Why?
Because they're consistently wrong.
Any compass that is consistent no matter
where it believes north to be is a
functional compass. Like a compass that
points exactly south when it should be
pointing north is just as useful as a
compass that accurately points north.
You just have to move in the opposite
direction of where it tells you you
should go. A compass that is
consistently incorrect is a reliable
tool as long as you can remember to
consistently correct for its inaccuracy.
This means that the decision to follow
the spark must be approached on a
case-byase basis. Every person should
critically examine his or her parents'
relationship and ask themselves, "Do I

[07:01]
relationship and ask themselves, "Do I
want the same thing?"
If so, you're probably securely
attached, and you might be able to put
more faith in your feelings. Though, as
I discuss in my book, this should only
be one of many data points when
selecting for a long-term relationship.
And if you don't want what your parents
have, you might need to use your
feelings to guide you at least for a
time where you shouldn't go. Correct for
its inaccuracy and seek to heal the
underlying attachment wound. Attachment
can change. Do this and you can
increasingly follow the behavioral
impulses embedded in your emotions,
which makes everything everything a
whole lot easier and a lot more
enjoyable. Trust me. In the context of
this metaphor, it's the folks with a
disorganized attachment style who really
suffer. Why? Because not only is their
compass wrong, it's inconsistently
wrong. And a compass that is

[08:01]
wrong. And a compass that is
inconsistently wrong is useless at best
and a terrible, terrible liability at
worst. These folks might have to
completely disregard their emotional
responses, which is a really tough road
to hoe. In any case, this is one way to
think about the spark. Whether or not
you should include it among your
criteria for a potential partner really
depends on your particular relationship
template, which you can approach by
critically examining your parents'
relationship. And remember, the season
you plant is never the season you
harvest. Real affection takes time. So
unless you're just looking for an
exciting fling, no judgment, I wouldn't
recommend prioritizing this experience.
even in the best case scenario.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the

[09:01]
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value props. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a private paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can learn more about both of those on my
website. There's also my book, The Value
of Others, in which I explore my
economic model of relationships and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly group consultation calls
and Q&A with invited guests from all
over the internet. It's a great group.
We have a great time. and check it out
if you're so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
I thank you for listening.