[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is bait your
hook. This is something we all have to
do when we go fishing for relationships.
Really for any type of relationship, but
it's especially important when we go
fishing in the dating pools. It is
necessary for both men and women to bait
their hooks. Why? Because fish don't
bite steel.
You have to bait your hook in order to
get fish to bite. And of course,
different baits work on different fish,
but no fish bites a naked hook. Do you
understand? This is really important.
Imagine your job hunting and you come
across a listing that reads, "Hiring for
a boring task with bad pay, shitty
hours, and no benefits. Please inquire
within." like how many applications do
you think that HR department is going to

[01:00]
you think that HR department is going to
have to sift through?
By the same token, imagine a man who
goes on a date and says, "You know,
there's really nothing attractive about
me. I'm not very good-looking or smart
or funny or rich or kind or loyal. In
fact, I'm kind of ugly and dumb and
humorless and cruel and selfish. I can't
give you a single reason why you or any
woman really would ever want to have a
relationship with me. I'm not really
good for anything. And imagine that's
all true. Like, it's not some kind of
weird humility display. How do you think
that would go over? That's about as
naked of a hook as they come. Though, I
suppose my hypothetical man might be
trying to use pity as bait, but trust
me, that never catches anything. This
man is giving his date absolutely no
reason to bite. And fish typically
aren't going to go through the trouble
of hooking themselves.
I bring this up because I do a lot of

[02:00]
I bring this up because I do a lot of
conversations with successful guys these
days and a lot of them tell me that
they're concerned that women are only
interested in them for their money. By
the same token, I've talked to a lot of
very attractive women who are concerned
that men are only interested in them as
sexual objects. And I usually tell these
people that this is an excellent problem
to have. Why? Well, because for at least
some of these people, their wealth or
their beauty is the only reason someone
might date them. Which is to say, in the
absence of that reason, they might be
hardressed to find anyone to spend time
with them. So, at least they have that.
However, this is an excellent problem
for another reason. namely sex is
phenomenal bait for men and money is
exceptional bait for women. You put the
bait in the right water and you're going
to have a feeding frenzy. Now, you might
not like all the fish that bite that
bait, but that's a much better problem

[03:01]
bait, but that's a much better problem
than having a bait that no fish will
bite. You understand? you have a problem
that's much further down funnel than
most people, especially most men who
aren't getting any bites whatsoever.
Now, you might say, Orion, what's the
point of using a bait that works on fish
I don't want to catch? Like, I can
imagine that it might actually be less
frustrating to catch nothing at all than
to catch the wrong fish. That's a fair
point. However, I've got a couple of
responses to this that you might be
interested in.
First and foremost, it might actually be
an optimal strategy for some folks to
bait their hook in such a way as to reel
in a whole bunch of fish. Why? Because
if you bring in a big hall, then
somewhere in that hall has got to be a
fish that you want to eat. Does that
make sense? If a woman is posting thirst
traps on Instagram, yes. Yes, she's
going to have a lot of responses from
unattractive men and [ __ ] boys, but

[04:01]
unattractive men and [ __ ] boys, but
there's also got to be at least one guy
in her fan club that could be worth her
time. Like, the odds would be pretty
tough to bet against. By the same token,
if you're a guy flashing your high-value
lifestyle on the same platform, yes,
you're going to get a lot of interest
from gold diggers. But among those
women, there's got to be at least one
woman of higher character that you can
potentially have a more satisfying
relationship with. Why?
Because booty picks also work on good
men and good women also want to fly
private.
So that's one way to deal with this
problem. Bring in more fish and play the
numbers. If good men and women are rare,
then you really only increase your odds
of finding one if you can get more turns
at the wheel. Just be ready to work
through a lot of small fry.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's

[05:01]
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, another way to avoid simply being
used for money or sex is to qualify your
bait. Like, if all you post are thirst
traps, then guess what? You're going to
attract a lot of thirsty guys. By the
same token, if all you post is your
yacht and your car and your jet, like,
what are you? Some kind of
transportation zar? I mean, in any case,
you're going to attract a lot of gold
diggers because that's literally the
only bait you're using. To prevent this
from happening, you need to qualify your
bait. You don't get rid of the bait. No,

[06:02]
bait. You don't get rid of the bait. No,
no, no. You just cut that bait with
other offerings. Women, if you've got
the booty, don't hide the booty. Men, if
you've got the yacht, don't hide the
yacht. Booties and yachts are great
bait, and a little goes a long way. If
we're talking about social media, you
really only need one pick of your boat
and one pick of your butt. The other
pics can be used to showcase other
facets of your personality and
lifestyle, assuming you have them. Trust
me, people will notice your ass, and
people, mostly men, will notice your
Porsche. You don't have to be so
hamfisted about it, because if you are,
you're only going to attract the ones
who are so dumb that they have to be hit
over the head with it over and over and
over and over again. And that's probably
not what you're looking for, right?
That said, you absolutely have to bait
your hook with something. And listen to

[07:02]
your hook with something. And listen to
me closely. What you use to bait your
hook probably isn't going to taste good
to you.
And that's okay. It doesn't have to
taste good to you. It has to taste good
to the fish, right? You don't put a worm
on a hook because you eat worms. You put
a worm on a hook because fish eat worms.
Got it? The point here is that you can't
dictate what fish should bite. And women
are especially guilty of this. Many
women believe that they can dictate what
men are supposed to find attractive. And
that is not an accurate belief. To be
honest, for better or worse, there's
only a few things that men consistently
find attractive in women. And there are
only slightly more things that women
consistently find attractive in men. And
so, if you want to catch fish, it's a

[08:01]
so, if you want to catch fish, it's a
real good idea to bait your hook with
one of those things.
The cruel cruel irony here is that some
of the things that really matter when it
comes to having stable and loving
long-term relationships
do not attract bites.
They don't. I wish it were different. I
really do. But that's just the way it
is. For example,
kindness does not attract.
It doesn't. Women will swear up and down
that they're attracted to kindness, but
it's just not true. No one sees kindness
and gets physically aroused. Like, no
man sees kindness and gets hard, and no
woman sees kindness and gets wet. In
fact, it feels disrespectful to
sexualize kindness in that way, doesn't
it? But trust me, if kindness attracted
suitors, then Mother Teresa would have
been surrounded by thirsty people, not

[09:01]
been surrounded by thirsty people, not
hungry people.
Do you understand? Kindness doesn't
attract. It's a moving and enobbling
quality for someone to possess, but it's
not good bait. Booties and boats are
much better bait. That's just the way it
is.
My point is that it really, really helps
your chances in the sexual marketplace
when you make your peace with these
realities. You have to bait your hook
with something. And your bait is largely
determined by the fish you're trying to
catch. If you don't want to be taken
advantage of, then either strive to
bring in a bigger hall or qualify your
bait with other aspects of your
lifestyle and personality. However, in
either case, you've got to play to your
strengths. People will cluck their
tongues when you do, but trust me, the
alternatives aren't any better.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this

[10:01]
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter or to book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore sexual relationships,
and my private community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&As with invited
guests from all over the internet. It's
a great group. Check us out if you're so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.