[00:00]
You've got this idea that I think is
pretty interesting about why getting
what you want is often disappointing.
Well, first of all, it's disappointing
because people don't really know
themselves. A lot of the things that
people think that they want aren't
really authentically grounded in their
being. This is something that I had a
struggle with myself. So, at the very
most superficial level, for a long time,
I thought that what I wanted in life was
basically like a Corona beer commercial.
I wanted to be on a beach with a bunch
of bikini women and some cool bros and
just like taking it easy and be really
chill and in some sort of tropical
paradise. And I now know enough about
myself that if I did that more than 2
days, I would probably want to shoot my
face off. It's like that would be like
enforced leisure. It' be enforced
entropy for me. I need to grow. I need
challenge. I'm sometimes happiest
climbing the mountain in a sley winter
storm. Well, I lost feeling in my toes
and my fingers and but I feel so alive

[01:00]
and my fingers and but I feel so alive
and I feel like I'm struggling towards
some personally relevant goal. That's my
idea of happiness. But it takes some
time for individuals to disabuse
themselves of the cultural introject of
what their happiness is supposed to look
like and to realize who they are
sufficiently to identify something to
replace that with. So a lot of times
people haven't done that yet. And the
tragedy is that they actually succeed in
getting some approximation of that beer
commercial and then they realize, well,
what's wrong with me? Am I depressed?
You know, I thought this was what I
wanted. It's certainly something that
I've been striving for for my entire
life. What's the matter? One of the
things I often tell my clients is that
as a therapist, I facilitate their
disappointment by helping them get what
they want. Because once a person is
sufficiently disappointed in some sort
of external achievement, there's one
fewer place for them to look for their
own happiness and satisfaction, which is
never found outside of themselves. But
unless they get that themselves, they're
going to think I'm full of