[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is the
prison planet. So, tomorrow is my dad's
75th birthday. And I thought I'd do
something to celebrate the occasion by
talking about one of his favorite
concepts on the channel, which happens
to be the title of this episode, namely
the prison planet. My dad likes to talk
about the prison planet when things
don't go his way. Because how would you
expect your life to go if you were
incarcerated in prison? Would you expect
to be comfortable? Would you expect to
be safe? Would you expect to be treated
with dignity and respect and
consideration? It turns out that life
owes you exactly nothing. And all
arguments to the contrary boil down
typically to some form of social
idealism or vanity. Life isn't easy down
on the prison planet.
But this is only just the most obvious

[01:01]
But this is only just the most obvious
application of this concept. So let's go
a little deeper. Imagine the world
really was just one big prison.
Who do you think would be in charge? Do
you think it would be the good,
righteous, and virtuous people? Or just
humor me for a moment. Do you think it
might be the biggest, most vicious
bullies?
Like, isn't that kind of what tends to
happen in prison? Isn't the most
powerful and doineering people the ones
who tend to be in charge? What if the
inmates were running the show?
Just assuming this one condition that we
live on the prison planet goes a long
way toward explaining the vast majority
of world history which is soaked in
blood and fear. Every once in a while,
we might get, let's say, a virtuous
uprising led by authentic spiritual

[02:00]
uprising led by authentic spiritual
leaders and moral authorities. And thank
God for them, as they are lights in an
otherwise benited place. But it only
seems to be a matter of time before the
next generation repeats the sins of the
past. When it comes to human affairs, it
is better to expect the most vicious
bullies to be in charge and be
pleasantly disappointed than to expect
virtue from the powerful and be
outraged.
Here's another thing to consider. What
is the fundamental attribute of any
prison? Obviously, that the inhabitants
are not free.
Look around you. Do you see angry,
fearful, desparing, envious, vain, and
ignorant people? Are not these all forms
of suffering? And who would freely
choose to suffer? So must we not
conclude that these people are not free?
People on this planet are in chains

[03:00]
People on this planet are in chains
generally, not literally, but
spiritually and emotionally. They have
vices and addictions. They are unhappy
and distressed. They are stupid and
misguided. On the prison planet, we are
all incarcerated in some capacity. We
all exist in varying degrees of
unfreedom, which kind of correlates to
the size of ourselves. Some people are
locked in very small holds and are
constrained quite tightly. Others are
staying in minimum security prisons and
have a bit more space to roam. But don't
be fooled. We are all unfree to varying
degrees. And why is that? Well, how do
people in prison come to be there?
Because of something they did in the
past.
And this is really important to
appreciate. Maybe none of us, not our
leaders, not their followers, not our
parents, not our teachers, not you, not

[04:02]
parents, not our teachers, not you, not
me, maybe none of us are really all that
good.
Wouldn't that kind of go farther to
explain why the world looks the way it
does than assuming the opposite?
Maybe none of us are all that innocent,
which could be why Jesus demanded that
he without sin should cast the first
stone.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never

[05:01]
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Now, in any prison, there are going to
be some people who are more vicious and
awful than others, but there typically
aren't a lot of wholly innocent people
behind bars, right? Obviously, human
justice is an imperfect thing, but what
we're talking about here is something
akin to spiritual justice. What if no
one on the prison planet is innocent?
What if we're here because we've all
become complicated in some kind of crime
in the past?
You could certainly consider Earth to be
a place where people are serving time.
For many, it's hell, life imprisonment
without the hope of parole. For some,
it's purgatory, an opportunity to atone

[06:00]
it's purgatory, an opportunity to atone
and work toward their own purification.
Indeed, purgatory and hell could be the
same place viewed through the lenses of
two different intentions. Like in
Dante's Divine Comedy, both hell and
purgatory are places on earth. Only
heaven isn't on this planet. An
interesting idea, huh?
Now, you might hear all this and think,
"Yes, Orion, it's all very interesting.
But even if all you say is true, what
could I have done to justify being
imprisoned here? I may not be a perfect
person, but I certainly don't remember
doing anything that would have condemned
me to hell. And this, of course, has
been a question for all religions
throughout history.
One answer that several different
religions have postulated is karma or it
is the result of the sum of an
individual's actions through previous

[07:00]
individual's actions through previous
states of existence. Now karma hasn't
really caught on in the west given the
west's deep association with Abrahamic
religions that tend to view this as our
one and only life. However, this could
also be due to the fact that people tend
to take things very literally. And so
when someone talks about previous states
of existence, they assume he's talking
about past lives, which would require a
belief in the transmigration of souls.
However, leaving aside the onlogical
truth of this doctrine, which I can't
speak to one way or the other, I'd like
to suggest that previous states of
existence doesn't necessarily have to
mean past lives. It's simply an
acknowledgment of the unbroken chain of
causality that has led you to the
present moment. We don't need to
postulate past lives to believe in
karma. If you consider that the present

[08:00]
karma. If you consider that the present
condition of your consciousness is at
least in that moment the sum total of
your lived experience then you have
lived many lives an uncountable number
of lives in this lifetime already
sufficient to the day is the evil
thereof.
The origin of our suffering, our
unfreedom,
is in our pasts, in what we thought and
didn't think, in what we felt and didn't
feel, in what we did and didn't do. It
was created by the people we used to be,
which could be represented
metaphorically as our past lives. And
the fact that most of us slid into this
unfreedom without awareness is hardly
surprising. Like you don't remember your
past lives. How much of this life do you
remember my dude? Like could you
recreate a single day as it was
experienced within your consciousness? A

[09:00]
experienced within your consciousness? A
single hour? A single minute?
No wonder we go about complaining that
we've been unjustly accused. We're
walking amnesiacs,
convicts with concussions.
So, is there a way out of the prison
planet? I'm not sure. But if I were to
put my money on any one escape plan, it
would be this.
Remember,
remember your previous states of
existence and consider the intelligence
in the causality that has brought you to
the present moment of unfreedom.
The study of this causality in
conjunction with the execution of your
free will might allow for liberation
within the confines of deterministic
reality.
Who knows, maybe if you learn your
lessons, you'll finally be eligible for
parole.

[10:00]
parole.
I hope I've done my father's concept
justice. If you've listened this far,
I'd really appreciate it if you could
wish him a happy birthday in the
comments. I love you, Dad.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
Other value propositions, anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter or to
book a paid one-on-one consultation with
yours truly can do so on my website.
There's also my bestselling book, The
Value of Others, in which I explore
interexual relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly live group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. It's great group.
Check it out if you are so inclined. The
links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.