[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is garden
tools. Don't worry everyone, this didn't
just suddenly become a horiculture
channel. Today I'm going to be talking
about a very specific type of garden
tool, the hoe, and the uses to which it
can and cannot be applied. Let's get to
it. Without mincing words, men have long
had a bone to pick with women's hoish
behavior. Some men are both denunciatory
and judgmental and very vocally so with
respect to these kinds of behaviors. But
here's the thing we have to appreciate
from the get-go. If you understand
nothing else about hoish behavior in
women, let it be this.
It works.
Hoish behavior persists through time
because it works. Ineffective behaviors
tend to die out on the population level
when they fail to achieve the desired

[01:01]
when they fail to achieve the desired
outcome, which in this case would be
men's resources and attention. If it
didn't work, we wouldn't see it today.
So, the reason we see hoish behavior in
women is that it works on a lot of men.
In fact, a lot of guys love this type of
woman. That's their type. like they like
the bimbo stripper archetype.
Don't shoot the messenger. It's not my
type. But that attraction archetype
works on a sizable proportion of men.
And which sizable proportion?
Ironically, a lot of the men who are so
vocally opposed to it for reasons I'll
discuss shortly. Most men who don't have
these women on their radar don't really
care what they choose to do with their
lives one way or another. just keeping
it real. In any case, the hoe is an
attraction archetype that is not going
away anytime soon because it's been
sufficiently reinforced to persist on

[02:00]
sufficiently reinforced to persist on
the population level. A sizable
proportion of men is highly attracted to
this type of woman and these men seek to
enter into relationships with them,
which is precisely where they run into
difficulty. I'm sure you've heard the
saying, you can't turn a hoe into a
housewife. I mean, that one was around
when I was a boy. And well, it's true.
You can't. But that's what these men try
to do. They try to manage the hoish
behavior that frankly motivated them to
enter into the relationship in the first
place once they succeed in establishing
said relationship. And that really
doesn't work for a number of reasons.
First and foremost, no one, man or
woman, no one should undermine the basis
of their own attraction. Like, men
complain online about their wives slowly
and systematically taking away the
things that made them attractive to
begin with, which if successful, not
only makes the men unhappy, but
increases the likelihood that the women

[03:01]
increases the likelihood that the women
in question will lose interest in that
relationship as well. Not a good idea.
Well, that works both ways, guys. Don't
take away the things that attracted you
to a woman. If you're attracted to hose,
then like be honest with yourself. Don't
try to clothe your attraction in some
high-minded rationalization that you're
trying to take her away from all that.
Bro, there are plenty of women who stay
the hell away from that entire lifestyle
that could have saved you the trouble.
But you're not looking there, are you?
So, be real with yourself. If you like
hose, then own it. and don't try to make
her into something she's not. People
undermine the foundation of attraction
in their own relationships at their own
risk.
And in the second place, how do men go
about trying to induce this change? By
playing games of control. And what do
these games sound like? I don't want you

[04:00]
these games sound like? I don't want you
going out dressed like that. I don't
want you going to the club anymore. You
have too many guy friends. I don't want
you talking to them anymore, etc., etc.,
etc. And it's like, my brother in
Christ,
you knew what you were getting into when
you signed up. It is completely
unreasonable to expect that a woman is
going to suddenly and dramatically
change your behavior. Behavior that,
let's be honest, at least in part caused
you to become attracted to her to begin
with simply because you now have
feelings for her. Like, I can understand
why women react badly to this type of
reasoning. Nobody, man or woman, nobody
likes to feel like they're being
controlled. And a common response to
that feeling is something called
reactance, in which people basically
just willfully do the opposite of what
they're told to do, even if it's not in
their best interest to do so, in an
attempt to reassert their autonomy and
freedom. So, yeah, fair enough.
If you're interested in taking your

[05:01]
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Guys, it's not complicated. If you want
a girl to dress a certain way or who
prefers staying in to going out to the
club, that is absolutely your right.
Just find a girl who already dresses
that way and doesn't go to the club.
Like, it's really not that hard. Though
to be honest, it might be hard for you
because you might actually be really
attracted to that archetype. In which
case, you're going to have to have a
hard talk with the man in the mirror and

[06:02]
hard talk with the man in the mirror and
ask, "Why am I so attracted to women who
behave this way? Why am I attracted to
women who present themselves in this
manner? Like, where did that come from?"
You might actually learn something a
ton more useful to you than
anything you could possibly learn by
googling how to get a woman to not go
out on ladies night.
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife.
That doesn't necessarily mean you can't
have a satisfying relationship with one,
but like I've said, you can only have
certain relationships with certain
people. And you're not you're not going
to have a stable long-term relationship
founded on traditional gender roles with
a woman who behaves in that way.
Shocker.
On the other hand, gentlemen, listen
closely. While you can't turn a hoe into
a housewife,
you can absolutely turn a housewife into
a hoe.
And if you're a man who is attracted to

[07:01]
And if you're a man who is attracted to
hoish behavior, this, in my opinion, is
a much better way to go about getting
what you want. It's been said that women
want a bad boy who's only good for her.
And men want a good girl who's only bad
for him, a lady in the streets and a
freak in the sheets, as it were. And I
think there's some truth to that.
However, if you think about it, that
means starting with the good girl first,
with the lady. Find yourself a girl who
acts right from the get-go. She doesn't
have a big public-f facing social media
presence. She doesn't go to suspicious
places late at night with strange men
involving alcohol. She doesn't have a
horde of friendly men surrounding her at
all times. Like, that's potentially a
good woman to have a long-term
relationship with. So why don't more men
seek these women out? For the same
reason that women don't seek out nice
guys. These women are boring.

[08:04]
guys. These women are boring.
Hate to say it, but people, men and
women, go to relationships to feel. And
a lot of guys seek out the excitement
and titilation that comes with hoish
women. Like say what you will about
them, there's generally not a dull
moment when it comes to these kinds of
women. And boredom is actually one of
the hardest emotions for most human
beings to tolerate. This means that
until a man resolves the wounding or
programming that leads him to interpret
a lack of problems as boring instead of
peaceful, he is likely going to be
susceptible to that kind of presentation
in women. However, my experience has
taught me that all women, even good
girls who would never do that, are
generally able to keep an open mind in
the bedroom when they are sufficiently
attracted to you. If a woman's
attraction level is high enough, she'll
be open to trying things that she's

[09:01]
be open to trying things that she's
never done before, that maybe she's
never even thought of doing before, just
because she'll be doing them with you,
her special man.
This means that you can actually take a
good girl, provided she's very attracted
to you, and privately make her bad for
you personally. And I think that is much
preferable to taking a woman who is like
generally bad for all kinds of men and
privately trying to make her a good girl
for you personally. You follow? And
trust me, while their numbers might be
dwindling, those good girls are still
out there. Though you may have to
examine yourself if you're having
trouble finding them. Where are you
looking? To whom is your attention
drawn, etc. go about this in the right
order and you may be able to have your
cake and eat it too.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the

[10:00]
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly can do so on my website. There's
also my best-selling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore interexual
dynamics and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. It's a lot of
fun. Check it out if you are so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.