[00:00]
If you are chasing wildly chaotic
partners who are overloading you with
sexual intimacy at the very beginning
and then burning your house down 3 weeks
in and that's the that's your type. You
are benefiting from it and you are
transacting with them getting exactly
what you actually want. It's changing
what you actually want by analyzing it
and then pursuing someone else in a
different transaction that really is
going to get you the benefits.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But then in this case there's also
an element of pacing, right? So, if I'm
just getting started on my journey and
in order for me to be in a fully
fulfilling transactional relationship
and healthy transactional relationship,
say with a female, um, I'm going to have
to have pretty large emotional muscles.
It's not going to be super easy.
Nobody's going to sit there and wait for
me to slowly grow that over a period of
say 6 months. That person is going to
have their own needs and demands and
she's going to need also things from me
that I cannot give. I think this is the
place where a lot of men get stuck. How
do you help them get out of that stage,
start learning how to properly have
these relationships when they actually
can sustain a normal relationship, but

[01:01]
can sustain a normal relationship, but
nobody's going to tolerate them while
they're quote unquote weak? Yeah, it's
tough. I say that not everyone should be
in a relationship. I mean, some people
are hurt and need to focus on their
healing. Like, if somebody broke their
leg, no one would have any problem
benching that person. That person is no
longer on the starting lineup. that
person's going to sit on the bench, do
some PT, get healthy, get strong, and
then he's going to get back in the game.
But to kind of assume that you can have
a broken leg and start on the team,
that's unreasonable. But a lot of people
don't see emotional or psychological
wounds or injuries on the same level as
a broken femur, for better or for worse.
So, I do think that maybe that person
doesn't need to be in a relationship for
a while and and to focus on
understanding himself and his processes
and potentially healing those wounds.
Maybe he's in therapy. It worked for me
uh to help move in this direction. I
think it works for a lot of