[00:00]
I've been thinking a lot about this term
that's been stuck in my head for a
philosophy that I'm working on, a book
that I'm working on at the moment,
intentionalism. So, trying to come up
with a philosophy of being intentional
with all of the different things that
you do and trying to strip away. And
that seems to be the description of of
what you're talking about here. It's
that the things that you do are the
things you mean to do and the things
that you want are the things that you
want to want. You don't do things that
you're doing without realizing why
you're doing them. You don't want things
that are society's wants or what your
parents programmed you to want or the
way that you dealt with your past
traumas or the paths of least resistance
or the thing that's convenient or
comfortable on an evening time or the
thing that's going to make you look cool
to your friends. It's life lived by
design, not lived by default. The
problem is that most of our default
desires are bullit or not even
necessarily bull. They're like they're
just misaligned usually for you. And the
more of a deep thinker, the more
idiosyncratic you are, the less likely
that whatever publicly acceptable
version of success is supposed to be is
the one that sits right in the middle of
the bell curve of the best life that you

[01:01]
the bell curve of the best life that you
could live. That's interesting. I do
think that a lot of the stuff that's in
people's minds is is not just
misaligned. And I do think that it takes
some time to see the default bull as
bull because most people identify
themselves with that bull. like they
think that that is actually them. And so
the fact that this is a default cultural
introject or just the accident of their
particular childhood upbringing is
obscured to them. It's mystified. And
that's actually the biggest obstacle
that people face in divesting themselves
at this bull. They they can't recognize
it as bull. They see it as themselves.
And one pathway out of that is to
understand like this doesn't feel good
to me. Like if this is really what I
want, if this is really something that
aligns with my values and my individual
preferences, why am I unhappy? Why am I
unfulfilled? Why do I feel like
something is missing? Like that's the
little clue. That's a little thread that
people can begin to pull to kind of
unplug the sink to flush out their

[02:01]
unplug the sink to flush out their
minds.