[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
as little as possible. So, there's been
a lot of chatter on the interwebs lately
from women complaining about men putting
in the bare minimum when it comes to the
courtship process. If we give these
women the benefit of the doubt, we can
consider this movement an attempt to
whip men into shape who would then
presumably put in more of an effort when
dating them.
I'm here to weigh in on this topic and
I'm going to say in no uncertain terms
that the men who are doing the bare
minimum
are the men who are doing it right.
You can almost hear the angry comments
from here. That's right. Men should do
as little as possible when courting
women in today's day and age. And today
I'm going to walk through three reasons
why that might be the case. You can be
the judge. Let's get to it. First and

[01:01]
the judge. Let's get to it. First and
foremost, it's important to understand
that you can never move backwards with
women. That is, whatever you do serves
as the standard against which future
efforts are compared. This means that if
you come right out of the gate with a
lot of effort and provision and
consideration, then you've just created
a logistically impossible relationship.
It's going to be very difficult to
maintain that level of effort. let alone
top it. And trust me, even if you are
able to maintain that level of effort
throughout the entirety of your
relationship,
it wouldn't be enough. This is because
women grow acclimated to the treatment
they receive and the lifestyle they
enjoy. The same effort that might wow
them in the beginning will hardly seem
impressive or important a year or two
from now. So if you come out doing
everything you could possibly do,
congratulations.
You just painted yourself into a corner.

[02:00]
You just painted yourself into a corner.
Muchacho.
A smart man gives his relationship a lot
of runway.
And why is that? Because the game does
not run on gratitude. Ladies and
gentlemen, I wish it were true. I wish
people stayed together because of the
gratitude they feel in their hearts for
what their partner has done for them in
the past, but they do not. That said,
people do often stay together out of
guilt. Guilt keeps people together. The
guilt they would feel for leaving
someone who has done so much for them.
But no one stays because they're
grateful. They stay when they stay
because they feel guilty. And a
relationship that is only held together
with the glue of guilt is not a
relationship that you should make an
effort to save. It's important to know
when to pull the plug. In any case, when
courting a woman, it's a good idea to
start small so that you have some place
to go in the context of the

[03:00]
to go in the context of the
relationship. Which brings us to the
second reason why as little as possible
makes sense. It establishes the proper
reinforcement protocol for your
relationship. Namely, the more someone
does what you want them to do, the more
you reward them with the things that
they want.
When men come right out of the gate with
princess treatment, buying women flowers
and planning expensive dates and
sweeping them off their feet, which,
spoiler alert, will be rebranded as
lovebombing when it doesn't work out.
These men set the wrong standard for
their relationships because what the
[ __ ] have those women done to deserve
any of that? Without establishing better
treatment as a consequence of good
behavior, men who do this are directly
responsible for making modern women as
entitled as they are.
Why wouldn't they believe that they
don't have to lift a finger to justify
the princess treatment that they would
prefer to receive? In their own minds,

[04:02]
prefer to receive? In their own minds,
they are the table, right? Well, how did
that belief get there, my dude? Don't be
fooled. An abstract ideology like
feminism isn't nearly as reinforcing as
concrete cash in prizes. Behind every
entitled woman is a string of men who
[ __ ] up.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,

[05:01]
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Think about it in terms of your job,
which is germanine because as I've said
before, men are the employers in sexual
relationships as they are in a position
to offer a role to the woman, not the
other way around. People typically work
for 2 weeks before they receive a
paycheck. Why? Because how many people
would still report for duty if they were
paid ahead of time? like a lot of people
still would. But there would be far far
more cutting and running than there
currently is the other way around. And
that in fact is what we see in the
dating market. A lot of cutting and
running. And it generally ain't the men
doing it. While we hear a lot about men
ghosting women after sex, the truth is
that the majority of men do not get sex
or even a second date.
These women may not be exploiting these

[06:01]
These women may not be exploiting these
men, though some of them do. Some women
intentionally use men for dinners and
drinks and resources and opportunities
without harboring any good faith
opportunity, any good faith possibility
of a sexual relationship. Again, these
women might not be exploiting these men,
but if they were, what would they be
doing differently? Like, from the man's
perspective, the outcome is largely the
same.
When you give people what they want
upfront, then you've removed the
rational basis for them to continue to
relate to you. And this, men, is why it
is a good idea to keep control over the
things that women want in order to
incentivize continuous good effort. Just
telling it like it is. We're dealing
with people here, not angels. So, you'll
want to have someplace to go with your
relationship, and you'll want to pair
better treatment with better behavior in

[07:00]
better treatment with better behavior in
order to incentivize the latter.
As women consistently show up in the
right ways, they should get treated
better and better as a result. That's a
good reinforcement protocol. Again,
consider the professional equivalent.
The longer you work at a company
providing consistently good results and
going above and beyond expectations, the
more likely you are to get promoted with
all the benefits that come from that.
Women understand this. How do I know
that? Because most women care more about
their careers than they do about their
relationships these days. They
understand the way these incentives work
and their employers are acting more like
men irrespective of their gender than
the men in their lives are. That is
their employers possess what women want.
And they understand that women have to
provide a valuable service in order to
get it. And that's what actually keeps
the whole system on the up and up.

[08:02]
the whole system on the up and up.
And now we come to the third and most
important reason why men should do as
little as possible early on in the
courtship process.
It helps to identify the women who are
actually attracted to you, the man, and
not just attracted to what she can get
from you. As I've said before, all men
pay, but the more she likes you, the
greater the discount. A woman who is 10
out of 10 attracted to you won't care if
your idea of a date is sitting in your
parked car behind the local Taco Bell.
You don't have to spend any money on
her, let alone do anything fancy or
extravagant. And you certainly don't
have to bend over backwards trying to
show her how beautiful and valued she
is. Why? Because she finds just being
with you valuable enough. like she is
being paid in access to you. That is
what her attraction is telling her. But
a woman who doesn't have that level of

[09:01]
a woman who doesn't have that level of
attraction for you will need things to
compensate her for, in her mind,
settling for a less attractive option.
And attraction is very personal. The
same man can be very attractive to one
woman and very unattractive to another.
This is because attraction isn't
entirely objective. It largely lives in
the mind of the beholder. The upshot
here is that by offering very little out
of the gate, you can easily determine
which women are highly attracted to you
and filter out the rest. Do as little as
possible and see who still shows up.
Because trust me, gentlemen, these are
the only women, the only women you
should consider having long-term
relationships with. Everyone else is
either using you or wasting your time.
Give women every reason not to date you.
Give them every reason to pass you over

[10:00]
Give them every reason to pass you over
and thank the ones who do. Because any
woman who is scared off by a man who
does the bare minimum for a stranger who
has done nothing for him is either
psychotic or not living in the 21st
century.
Women will complain about this approach,
but hot take, that doesn't mean it's not
the right way for men to date. What do
you think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the dynamics of
interexual relationships and my private
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and host Q&As with invited guests

[11:00]
calls and host Q&As with invited guests
from all over the internet. It's a great
group. We have a great time. Check it
out if you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.