[00:00]
Yeah, in the work that we're doing with
Adam, we're building out a framework for
negotiations and relationships. And
there's four levels of negotiations
we're defining. The first one, the
absolute most ground level one is
forceful negotiation, which is basically
just an ultimatum. Hey, this or this.
This is what you're talking about. Then
from there, we take a step up where it's
leverage based, right? You say, hey, you
know, if you do this for me, I'll do
this for you. This is classical
transactionality. You go a step up.
You're dealing with manipulative. This
is more insinuation.
uh implication
um not necessarily manipulative in a bad
way but somebody you don't trust. It is
the absence of trust trying to get
something out of somebody you want
definitive
&gt;&gt; concealing parts of the transaction for
example
&gt;&gt; being being kind of a little shady and
then the the apex is what we're defining
persuas as persuasive negotiation where
you're actually playing with all your
cards on the table and that's that open
transactionality of hey let's make this
a win-winwin win for you win for me win
for the relationship. Unfortunately for
people who don't understand their own

[01:00]
people who don't understand their own
value, I don't think they can play that
ladder properly. Do you think that's
accurate?
&gt;&gt; I think it's a really fascinating scheme
that you guys are extrapolating over
there. I talk about that in the book.
Not the framework. The framework is
really interesting, but that all
relationships pass through three
distinct [music] phases. Attraction,
negotiation, and maintenance.
&gt;&gt; Whether that happens in a single evening
or for the rest of one's life. I think
that negotiation is the hardest one to
sell people on on some level. ironically
like people understand attraction. They
understand maintenance. Relationships
take work, but they don't consciously
experience themselves as negotiating in
their relationships. And I think that's
because the vast majority of negotiation
in relationships occurs non-verbbally.
It occurs behaviorally and it occurs
tacitly. So that's the one thing that I
would add to your potential framework
because except for manipulation, it
seems like the other three are very
explicit. And I do think the vast
majority of negotiation occurs in
relationships implicitly.