[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks better living through psychology
and the topic of beayhore talk is the
primary lie. Today I'm going to be
discussing what I call the primary lie
namely the fundamental delusion that for
whatever reason has infiltrated mass
consciousness and is responsible for the
majority of relationship dysfunction and
the attendant relationship dysfunction
industry.
And just what is this relationship
dysfunction industry, you may ask? This
is a loose conglomeration of businesses
that makes an inordinate amount of money
every year by catering to this
fundamental delusion. I'm not just
talking about a lot of coup's therapy.
I'm talking about how to get your ex
back programs and popular psychology
self-help books about attachment styles
and armchair pundits of every stripe on
social media. each of whom seems to be
selling some kind of course that assumes

[01:01]
selling some kind of course that assumes
this lie as a fundamental operating
principle. And why not? After all, the
truth rarely sells.
And just what is this primary lie? The
lie that we all have to examine and
divest ourselves of collectively is
simply this. It is the belief that you
can have any relationship with anyone.
I'll say that again. The primary lie is
the belief that you can have any
relationship with anyone. And because
people believe that lie, they think that
they should be able to have the type of
relationship they want, irrespective of
the person they happen to be dealing
with. Of course, when that doesn't work,
then they turn to an entire industry
that caters to that delusion that
promises them in effect that they can
have the relationship they want with the
person they would prefer with the

[02:00]
person they would prefer with the
secrets and understandings in this
course or book or program or account or
treatment package, etc., etc., etc.
Trust me, this delusion is pandemic.
It's typically how people enter into
relationships. Namely, they find someone
they want first, someone they're
attracted to, and then assume that
someone to be willing and able to have
the type of relationship they would
prefer. Why? Because they believe they
can have any relationship with anyone.
And any problems that emerge must be
fixable problems with the right tools
and understanding. Why? Because they
believe they can have any relationship
with anyone. And you know what? That is
not [ __ ] true.
The disappointing truth is that you can
only have certain relationships with
certain people, which is another way of
saying that it is not possible to have
certain relationships with certain

[03:00]
certain relationships with certain
people. The individuals in question must
possess the temperament, skill set, and
disposition to discharge the
expectations associated with that
relationship. And these things are
unlikely to change substantively after
reading a book or taking a course or
even going to couples therapy.
The more people aren't suited for their
roles, the more work will be required to
make the relationship functional. Not
exceptional,
just merely functional. And that work
will require time, energy, and money
that must be spent at a steep
opportunity cost because those limited
resources could all be deployed
elsewhere, perhaps more profitably. And
here's the thing, no one has a problem
with this when it comes to professional
relationships. It makes total [ __ ]
sense when hiring someone for a job. But
because of the primary lie, people
believe that sexual relationships

[04:00]
believe that sexual relationships
somehow should be different and that in
any case, love should motivate us to
make exceptions when things don't work.
However, anyone who sold you that bill
of goods in the professional marketplace
will only have succeeded in getting you
to pay more for less while making you
feel guilty about thinking about your
bottom line. And is that the kind of
love we really should be making
exceptions for?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access to a
cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.

[05:00]
Hope to see you aboard.
To demonstrate this delusion in action,
let me make a brief sports analogy.
Imagine a head coach or general manager
consulting expert after expert on how to
get his blind one-legged punter to kick
the ball. Like
I I guess you could create some new way
for him to communicate with the long
snapper and I I guess you could coach
him on some kind of like crane kick to
help him move the ball down the field.
Like I guess you could make it work.
Sure.
But the only reason anyone would ever
possibly try this is because for
whatever reason they decided to put that
guy in that position before they saw
what he could do. Because I guarantee
that no one, not one person on this
planet would look at a blind one-legged
guy and say, "That's my next punter."
Do you understand? the decision to put

[06:00]
Do you understand? the decision to put
him in that position must have preceded
an accurate analysis of his abilities,
not the other way around. And this is
basically what happens in sexual
relationships every single day. People
are trying to figure out how to get a
blind one-legged punter to kick the
ball. And the simple truth of the matter
is that that person might have no
[ __ ] business being on the football
field. Of course, it's very hard to sell
treatments for a hopeless condition. So,
the primary lie must be protected like a
hesitant quarterback in pocket.
And how does this lie manifest in
relationships? Try this one on for size.
I just want to be able to talk with her
without provoking her anger and
defensiveness. After all, she's 40 years
old. Shouldn't she be able to
communicate like an adult? Like, [ __ ]
no. This is believing that you can have
a mature discussion with anyone. And it
turns out you can only have a mature

[07:00]
turns out you can only have a mature
discussion with people capable of having
a mature discussion. Their chronic their
chronological age has nothing to do with
most people emotionally are like 12
years old at best. So where is it
written that just because a person has
lived for 40 years, she necessarily
has the emotional capacity to
communicate like an adult?
Or here's another one. I just want him
to appreciate me more. After all I've
done for him, is that really too much to
ask? Well, yes, Karen. Maybe it is too
much to ask. This is believing that you
can receive gratitude from anyone. And
it turns out you can only receive
gratitude from people who are willing
and able to give gratitude. What you've
done for him has absolutely nothing to
do with it. Look around you. We
currently live in one of the most
prosperous eras in the history of
mankind,
but the public discourse is drowning in
violent discontent. What makes you think

[08:02]
violent discontent. What makes you think
that doing things for someone will make
them grateful? Like, are you new to this
planet? But people will defend their
beliefs by arguing that the person in
question is in fact capable of
discussion or gratitude. After all,
everyone is capable of these things. The
problem is that this person is not
manifesting that capability adequately
or with sufficient frequency. And that's
why we need the provision of care, the
box of tools, the system of tricks in
order to coax and tease and support that
capacity out of them. When frankly, it
might make more sense to conclude that
this person just don't [ __ ] have it.
Like let's use Auckam's razor here where
the simplest explanation is probably the
correct one. Like if she acts like a
child and she talks like a child, then
stay with me, maybe
she is a child. And if he acts like an

[09:03]
she is a child. And if he acts like an
ingrate and he talks like an ingrate,
then tell me on what basis are you
assuming him capable of gratitude?
Maybe you can get a blind one-legged
punter to kick the ball, but maybe it
might make more sense to find someone
better suited for that position. I don't
know. What do I know? And you can only
do that if you learn to see through the
primary lie. That is the belief that you
can have any relationship with anyone.
You cannot assume that the person you
are most attracted to can give you the
relationship that you prefer. That's
your attraction talking. And your
attraction is not based on things that
make a relationship work. I'll say that
again for the people in the back. Your
attraction is not based on things that
make a relationship work. Apologies, but
I was not consulted in humanity's design
phase. And if we realize that we can't

[10:01]
phase. And if we realize that we can't
have any relationship with anyone, then
maybe, just maybe, we don't have to go
to all this therapy or read all these
books or buy all these courses or take
all these retreats or sit through all of
these sermons. Maybe we just need to
find someone with two legs and some
functioning eyes.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this to
someone who you feel might benefit from
its message. I know you know someone who
believes the primary lie because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
Other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter or
book a paid one-on-one consultation with
me can do so on my website. There's also
my book, The Value of Others, and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where we host bimonthly group
consultation calls and Q&A with invited
guests from all over the internet. It's
a great community. We support each
other. It's a lively bunch. Check it
out. The links to everything are in the

[11:01]
out. The links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.