[00:00]
Usually when women say I just I want you
to do it and and because you want to a
lot of times 100% it is a copout of I
don't feel like I should have to. I'm
scared to admit it. Blah blah blah. But
the healthier women who who say that
with more secure attachment they're what
they're really saying is I want
demonstrable proof that you are
experiencing an oxytocin bond to me
because now that means you're less
likely to walk away from me. So it makes
me feel emotionally safe. So I want you
to be embodying addiction toward me. I
want to see that you are addicted toward
me. Mothers flood with oxytocin from
breastfeeding, from birth, everything.
That that oxytocin is what drives them
to then anticipate the needs of the
children. She's she's asking for proof
that he's oxytocin bonded is really what
she's doing. But again, that's
addiction. I want you to be addicted to
me and prove it by reading my mind. And
that's interesting because I think that
when a woman is demanding that evidence
generally because she's no longer
feeling emotionally addicted and you see
this a lot is that the needs change as a

[01:02]
this a lot is that the needs change as a
function of attraction. Like the things
that a a wife of 10 years complains
about with her husband are not the
things that were even remotely on her
mind in the initial courtship process.
[music]
on some level she might have just been
happy to be there but now it's not
enough because he leaves the dishes in
the dishwasher. So it's like it would a
woman who is experiencing a high degree
of emotional liance and attraction
really concern herself with the dishes
and a and if the conversation exists on
that level the man with his rational
mind might think oh woman dissatisfied
because dishes therefore if I put the
dishes in the dishwasher the right way
then problem will be resolved and that's
not usually the case is that picking
smaller and smaller problems in your
relationship is functionally a sign that
I'm not feeling as attracted because
when we're feeling very highly
attracted, we're compensated just by
being in the presence of the person that
we're attracted to. That's enough. When
we don't have that, we need other

[02:00]
we don't have that, we need other
things. So that's why I say that all men
pay, but the more she likes you, the
greater the discount.