[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
If You He Wanted to.
This episode is a response to a recent
meme that's going around the interwebs
in which women post videos of men doing
extravagant things to show their
admiration and devotion. The caption or
subtitle of these videos is invariably,
"If he wanted to, he would." The subtext
here is that women should not be
tolerating anything less than the royal
treatment and failure to deliver said
treatment constitutes a lack of interest
on the man's part. And today I'm going
to respond to this sentiment. I'll begin
by saying, yeah, there's some truth to
that. It's absolutely true that men will
jump through their butts when they are
extremely attracted to a woman,
especially if they don't have any
discipline or game. But the converse
isn't necessarily true. That is, just

[01:01]
isn't necessarily true. That is, just
because a man is not jumping through his
butt doesn't necessarily mean he's not
interested. He may just be playing his
cards, right? But yes, on the whole,
male effort is correlated with male
interest. However, this doesn't mean
that women should expect to receive
princess treatment. lack of effort could
stem from the fact that men are not that
interested in her, which in turn could
be due to the fact that she's not very
attractive.
Just saying the quiet part loud to keep
everyone honest. Women watching this
kind of content need to take it with a
healthy dose of salt and make an
objective reckoning of their physical
attractiveness. Because after all, men
aren't showering those women with gifts
because they have great personalities.
But all this just scratches the surface.
And we here at Psych Hacks expect more
from our content. So, let's go a bit
deeper with this. It's important to

[02:01]
deeper with this. It's important to
appreciate that these posts aren't
nearly as girls as they purport to be.
In fact, most of them are subtle
intraexual jabs, sort of like a
backhanded compliment with a lot of
plausible deniability thrown in for good
measure. They're the mimemetic
equivalent of a woman saying, "Oh,
darling, bless your heart. I wish I had
the self-confidence to wear that
outfit."
In case you don't speak woman, that is
not in fact the compliment it appears to
be. A woman who says this is
functionally saying, "You look hideous
and I'd rather be dragged through the
streets than be caught dead in what
you're wearing."
If he wanted to, memes are essentially
not so humble brags that the women in
question are sufficiently attractive to
inspire this type of behavior in men.
That is that they're much more
attractive than the average woman who
could only dream of being on the

[03:00]
could only dream of being on the
receiving end of such devotion. But
rather than gloat outright, they're here
to remind ladies everywhere that they
should never settle for less than what
they deserve. Namely, the whole world
queens. So, a lot of this content is
probably best understood as indirect
self arandisement,
but not necessarily in the way that you
would suppose. Which leads me to my
second point. The women are not that
interested in the men in their videos.
That's right. I'd bet real money that
the men who are showering them with
gifts and attention are not the men
those women wish were starring in those
reels. Ouch.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, I delve deep into my economic

[04:02]
pages, I delve deep into my economic
model of relationships and explain the
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. The
links are in the description.
Now, why would I think that the women in
question aren't actually that attracted
to the men in their videos? Because what
would be the point of publicly
demonstrating that you are much more
attractive than the average woman? Can
we really just chalk that up entirely to
pettiness and spite, which for the
record are not in short supply? Why not
just quietly enjoy your good fortune?
Or could it be possibly maybe that she

[05:00]
Or could it be possibly maybe that she
might be trying to get a more attractive
man to take notice?
Let's take a small tangent here. Have
you ever wondered why it's almost
universally the female primate, whether
chimp or human, who makes more noise
during population?
It's almost as if for some strange
reason, she's calling attention to the
fact that she's currently on the
business end of some intense male
interest. Now, why would a female do
that? Evolutionary psychology has the
answer to that brain buster, namely
because she's trying to ensure that
there isn't someone more suitable around
to mate with. If her cries attract a
bigger, stronger, healthier male who
succeeds in scaring off her previous
partner and picks up where he left off,
then the female has only succeeded in
improving her situation. And if no other
males in earshot dare take up the

[06:00]
males in earshot dare take up the
challenge, then she can be reasonably
assured that her original selection was
correct. It's a no- lose proposition
for the female. Males, on the other
hand, tend to lower the volume when
attending to their monkey business, as
most of them would prefer not to attract
any undue attention, thereby increasing
the likelihood that they will be the
sole supplier to that company in
question.
Now, it should go without saying that
neither males nor females have any
conscious intention of doing any of
this, but this behavior is a little too
aligned with each sex's reproductive
priorities to just be a coincidence. In
any case, a woman who publicly posts
about a man's courtship efforts with
gushing approval is kind of the social
media equivalent of screaming loudly
during sex. Oh my god, yes. Look at me.
I'm getting so loved right now. I can

[07:02]
I'm getting so loved right now. I can
hardly take it all. Oh I'm his
little princess. Oh god, yes I am. He's
making me feel so good, so valued, etc.,
etc. And this behavior is actually
designed to get other men to take
notice. I mean, think about it. How
could this display possibly benefit the
man in the video?
I think it's safe to say that if such a
display benefited him, that is, if such
a display caused a host of other women
to slide into his DMs, and if the woman
in question actually valued that
relationship, then then there would be
no way in hell the ecstatic woman would
actually post that content. So we have
to assume the riskreward profile is in
her favor. That is that the potential
risk that some other woman will steal
away her good-loving man is less than
the potential reward that a more

[08:01]
the potential reward that a more
attractive man will steal her away from
him. Wow. In fact, I think a lot of
these posts are actually subtle jealousy
traps. I'm reasonably confident that a
lot of these women are posting content
like this out of the hope that some man
she was more attracted to in the past,
but who wouldn't give her what she
wanted will see his competition get
jealous and make an effort to win her
back. Remember, contentment is quiet.
Discontentment is loud. The more a woman
carries on about her good fortune, the
less likely she has anything to boast
about.
At the end of the day, this meme is the
female equivalent of, say, a man posting
covert videos of a woman wearing a
nurse's outfit giving him a in a
public place with the caption, "If she
wanted to, she would." Like that's the

[09:00]
wanted to, she would." Like that's the
male equivalent to champagne flutes and
private jets and expensive jewelry. The
message is the same. She didn't like
you, little bro. If she did, she would
have been a little for you. But
look who turned her out. She needed a
real man. And are there any other women
out there who need a real man?
And the only reason we don't see more of
this is that it's just more socially
acceptable for women to explicitly brag
about their access to men's resources
than it is for men to openly boast about
their access to women's sexuality. It's
crass, but that doesn't make it untrue.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
have a few other value props if you're
interested. There is my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content and I also offer paid one-on-one
consultations with yours truly. You can

[10:01]
consultations with yours truly. You can
find out about both of those through my
website. There's also my best-selling
book, The Value of Others, available on
paperback, audiobook, and ebook formats,
in which I explore interexual dynamics
more fully, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. It's a great
crowd. Check it out if you are so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.