[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax Better Living Through
Psychology. And the topic for today's
short talk is
my new book.
I'm very very happy to announce to you
all that a couple of weeks ago I
finished writing my next book, Starry
Night. This one is a bit different from
my first book, The Value of Others. In
fact, Starry Night isn't a non-fiction
work at all. It's a piece of historical
fiction based on the last two months of
the life of painter Vincent Van Gogh.
And since ostensibly this sounds like a
pretty big departure from the type of
writing I usually put out into the
world, I thought it would be a good idea
to briefly discuss why I wrote this book
and make an argument for why the book
might still be worth reading.
First and foremost, you should know that
I've been obsessed with the story of Van
Go's death for decades. Literally, this

[01:01]
Go's death for decades. Literally, this
interest goes back to my teenage years
when I wrote a play about his death for
my capstone project when I was an
undergraduate at New York University.
Many people know that Van Go shot
himself. However, what many people don't
know is that it took him 2 days to die.
most of which time he was reportedly
lucid and rational. And I've long been
fascinated by what might have happened
to that man between the time he put the
bullet inside of himself and the time he
ultimately passed away.
Van Gogh is a haunting figure for so
many reasons above and beyond the
circumstances of his death. Today, he is
a world-renowned artist, firmly
enshrined in the art world's highest
echelons. Millions of people, myself
included, admire his paintings and
resonate with his romantic worldview.
However, while he was alive, he only

[02:00]
However, while he was alive, he only
sold a single painting. He died
penniless in a garrett. While women
today might swoon over his art, he never
had a single significant relationship
with a woman. By all accounts, he
bewildered and terrified them. And
despite his own often trenchant and
incisive understanding on a variety of
topics, he was also very clearly saddled
with a significant and debilitating
mental illness, which was exacerbated
even further by his alcoholism.
How is it that the same man can be
ignored and despised while he is alive
and celebrated and idolized after his
death? How does this happen? Why is it
so difficult for genius to be recognized
by its peers? And how can we love people
in all of their captivating,
infuriating, and paradoxical complexity?
These are some of the main questions of
the book. But there's more, much more.

[03:00]
the book. But there's more, much more.
Star Night is a story of madness,
suicide, art, love, loss, and meaning.
All of which are psychological themes
very close to my heart. However, rather
than lay these concepts bare on the
dissecting table like I did with
relationships in the value of others,
I've chosen to take a different approach
to understanding here. Whereas
nonfiction works are about telling,
fiction works are about showing. There
is a good deal of insight in these
pages. But rather than just spell it
out, I've decided to give readers the
opportunity to discover it for
themselves. In doing so, I hope that the
lessons they might learn from the book
are even more deeply etched into their
minds.
If you [music] appreciate the insights
on this channel, I would highly
encourage you to get your hands on a
copy of my book, The Value of Others.
Over the course of 432 pages, I delve

[04:02]
Over the course of 432 pages, I delve
deep into my economic model of
relationships and explain the [music]
behavior of both men and women in the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice
[music]
on how to get and keep more of what you
want in the sexual marketplace. Once you
read The Value of Others, you'll never
look at relationships the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback [music]
formats. The links are in the
description.
I've also chosen to write the book about
Van Gogh because, well, people like him.
They're kind of already fascinated with
the tortured genius. But ultimately,
this is the story of a man who decided
to kill himself. And if I didn't choose
to tell the story through the life of
someone people already love, well,
people might not care. You hear a lot
these days about the male loneliness

[05:01]
these days about the male loneliness
epidemic and how men account for over
80% of completed suicides today. Why
might that be the case? And though
genius is rare, I can't help but wonder
how many of these men like Vincent might
actually have had some goodness and
grace inside of them that just wasn't
recognized by the people around them.
Suicide is a very complicated social
problem and it affects many people in
many different ways. This is part of the
reason why I chose to tell this story
from multiple perspectives, each of
which is written in a different
narrative style. For example, one of
those perspectives belongs to Vincent's
brother, Theo, who served as his de
facto caregiver for much of his adult
life. I've worked with a number of
people who have been close to those who
have killed themselves. And while it's
always hard to lose a loved one, losing
a loved one to suicide elicits a very
complicated grief. It's sadness and

[06:00]
complicated grief. It's sadness and
despair, often mixed with anger and
self-inccrimination.
People who have been close to someone
who killed themselves at some point in
their grief all seem to blame themselves
for not seeing the signs and doing more
to prevent the fatal outcome. So, I
wanted to show not tell what
decompensation in the weeks leading up
to a suicide might look like.
What's more, I've also worked with
hundreds of caregivers, and I've lived
their hopelessness, their fear, their
sacrifice, their resentment.
While they can be so instrumental,
caregivers often only receive a fraction
of the attention and support that
patients do, which can be isolating and
exhausting. Today, we remember Vincent,
but that is largely thanks to Theo's
efforts. How was Theo compensated for
his love? And what is the lived
experience of those we leave behind?

[07:02]
experience of those we leave behind?
We also see the events unfold through
the eyes of Vincent's physician, Paul
Gashier, who treated him in the final
two months of his life, and through the
eyes of Vincent himself. What does it
actually feel like to die? And how does
that process change a man? On the
surface, Star Night is a piece of
historical fiction. And with a couple of
exceptions, it largely accords with the
facts as we know them. However, on a
deeper level, Star Knight is a
philosophical novel akin to Kimu's The
Stranger or Nichi's Thus Spake
Zerathusra. It's an opportunity to
present a serious way of thinking in a
symbolic way so that the reader might
intuitit that model of reality in a more
visceral and experiential manner.
It's a short book, don't worry, and you
should be able to read it in 3 or 4
hours. I've learned that when it comes
to books, at least longer isn't always
better. Some of my favorite books, like

[08:02]
better. Some of my favorite books, like
Orwell's Animal Farm or Ran's Anthem,
are ones I can read in a single sitting.
And like my previous book, Starry Night,
will also be available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats. It
will take some time to get the book
ready for publication and you'll be
hearing a number of updates along the
way. For the time being, however, I want
you to know that the book is finished
and that I'm really happy with the way
that it turned out. Like, I would read
this book and I am very picky with
respect to what I allow into my mind. I
can honestly say that you've never read
a book quite like this. It was a
satisfying challenge to write and I
can't wait to get it into your hands.
What do you think? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think needs
to know about this. They've been
following my work. They like my book.
There's more coming down the pipeline,
right? Because it's word of mouth

[09:00]
right? Because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. And you will
support the mission of helping to
support men through supporting this
book. Other value propositions. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my first
book which I alluded to here the value
of others in which I explore the
economic model of relationships and my
private member community the captain's
quarters where among other things I host
bimonthly group consultation calls and
Q&As with invited guests from all over
the internet. It's great group. Check it
out if you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.