[00:00]
There's something about dating and
relationships that is almost sacred to
people. And it doesn't even matter what
that is. It's just their particular
belief system in that area if they're
say 30 years old has coagulated and
solidified into this is how it is. Like
I spent so much time arguing with people
years ago that you're not just born with
it or not. And people would die on that
hill.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And I'm like, what qualifies you to know
this? You're a single dude who has had
no luck with a real long-term
relationship. What do you mean you're
born with it or you're not? And you're
so convinced of this that you will not
open your mind to anything. And I met a
lot of people of both sexes of that.
It's it it was like medical religion
versus science back in the Middle Ages.
&gt;&gt; But exactly. And don't you think that's
a little suspicious? I mean, I argue in
chapter 9 that a lot of romantic love is
transfigured religious impulse,
especially
&gt;&gt; monotheistic relig Christian religious
impulse.
&gt;&gt; And I think that helps to explain the

[01:01]
&gt;&gt; And I think that helps to explain the
zealous overreaction that some people
have to examining the nuts and bolts of
romantic relationships. You're just not
supposed to cut open the saint's body.
You're supposed to have faith that it's
pure light or something like that. And I
think that holds people back from having
satisfying relationships. Tell me what
you mean by that. How it's religion is
transposed onto dating and
relationships.
&gt;&gt; Well, people have these ideas that
they're basically willing to argue about
that die on those hills. And I think we
should be very cautious about what hills
we want to die on. That somebody has a
different idea about what works to
attract men or women or I want a
relationship that looks a little
different than the conventional norm.
What's so problematic about that kind of
viva difference like let's have
tolerance and find relationships that
work for the individuals involved. I
think that's actually a pretty moderate
reasonable perspective.
&gt;&gt; You would think. Yeah.