[00:00]
Negotiation isn't something that you
talk about explicitly once at a dinner
table. It's something that's constantly
renegotiated behaviorally over the
course of a relationship. And if the
woman starts, and this is one of the the
chronic dissatisfactions of men is that
as the relationship progresses, they
actually invest far more resources than
they ever had. In the beginning, it was
just like a couple of drinks and then
they got a night of passion. Now, he
bought her a car, he gave her a wedding.
uh he's taking care of the mortgage
payments and he gets less sex than he
ever had. But that happened slowly over
time like the price of hit that woman's
sexual opportunity got renegotiated
behaviorally and the guy kind of like
just went along with it which on some
level is a tacit consent that I'm okay
with this exchange and then you know 10
years later they're calling me up and
say Ryan I haven't had sex in a year.
How did this happen? Well this is how it
happened. It got renegotiated right
under your nose. So, but at the same
time, has there potentially been a
conversion? Because let's say if they

[01:01]
conversion? Because let's say if they
have been married for 10 years and she's
provided security, stability,
exclusivity,
u care, right? Care being a big one. Um,
ch children, child rearing, support of
other types. Can we not say that some of
the resources he's invested originally
into sex have now been converted to
other types of resources, which if he
ignores, he's kind of not having a fair
assessment of that transaction. It's
possible, but I think that some things
like sleep, like food, like sex, they
need to be exchanged regularly or else
it disregulates the individuals
involved. So, it's like no compensation
after a week is enough for not having
food, you know. So you you could put me
in a palace. You could say that uh you
could put me on a throne. I could have
any every every delicious entertainment
for my eyes and my ears available. Uh I
could be in total comfort and luxury,
but eventually I'm going to I'm going to
want some food and I'll trade all of

[02:01]
want some food and I'll trade all of
that for some food. And that's because
we are in these animal bodies still. And
I think that there is a need for sex
especially in men that is very deep. And
that we ex we exchange it for other
things sometimes at our own detriment.