[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax better living through psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
man up. So this is an episode for the
men especially the young men in the
audience. There is something you need to
be aware of with respect to the way
society treats men and masculinity. I'm
not quite sure whether to say that it's
operating under the surface or in plain
sight, but this episode is designed to
help you recognize something that might
otherwise exert an insidious effect on
you.
I thought the best way to approach this
idea would be through the phrases a real
man or man up. I'm sure you've heard
these phrases before. I want you to
notice that these phrases are never,
ever, ever accompanied by imperatives to
act in ways that directly benefit men.
Strange, but true. Don't believe me? Let

[01:01]
Strange, but true. Don't believe me? Let
me give you some examples of what male
benefiting statements might sound like.
Here's one. A real man will work a side
hustle in his spare time until it's
successful enough to give him the
financial independence to live the life
of freedom he's always dreamed of. I
care about bro and bro needs to man up
and take the leap to put out a minimum
viable product pronto.
Or here's another. A real man
prioritizes his strength and well-being.
I care about bro and bro needs to man up
and get his body fat under 20% and
increases testosterone so he can feel
strong and capable. Or just one more
because I can't resist. A real man will
cut a woman loose who isn't making his
life better and who isn't adding value
to his life. I care about bro and bro
needs to man up and respect his own
time.
Like I don't know about you, but I have

[02:02]
Like I don't know about you, but I have
never heard these phrases or anything
even approximating these phrases in my
entire life. No. When the phrases a real
man or man up are used in today's day
and age, they are always always always
accompanied by a imperatives to act in
ways that benefit women.
I dare you to find an exception to this
rule. A real man wouldn't keep a woman
waiting several years. He would man up
and take responsibility for her. A real
man wouldn't go 50/50 on a date. He
provides for a woman so she can relax
into her feminine. Get the picture?
Most relationship advice assumes tacitly
or otherwise that good men, real men,
advance along a relationship escalator
that just coincidentally happens to
offer women their best chance of
long-term provision and security, often

[03:01]
long-term provision and security, often
irrespective of the man's interests and
desires. And if that advice ever runs
counter to this escalator and counsels a
man to end his relationship, it's always
so that her time isn't wasted, never
his. By the same token, any advice that
pertains to a man's health or friends or
finances is okay, I guess, provided it
never conflicts with the fundamental
imperative that the woman remain the
first priority in his life.
Why? Because a real man doesn't leave
his woman at home to spend time with his
friends. And he certainly doesn't go to
the gym if it takes him away from the
household tasks that she would prefer
him to complete instead. That is any
advice to men is acceptable only to a
point and that point is wherever a woman
deems it to conflict with her agenda in
which case a real man would know how to

[04:01]
which case a real man would know how to
treat a lady.
And I have to ask, why the [ __ ] are we
collectively defining what a real man is
relative to how women might benefit?
Like, that is a nonrhetorical question.
Why would we allow that to happen?
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, [music]
my membersonly self-improvement
community. Your monthly membership will
get you [music] access to a cadre of
like-minded, supportive individuals,
bimonthly group consultation [music]
sessions hosted by yours truly, and
exclusive content that you won't find
anywhere else. Click the [music] link in
the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
Now, some of you might think that
there's nothing all that strange about
defining men relative to the degree to
which they conform to women's desires.
After all, we're all duly familiar with

[05:01]
After all, we're all duly familiar with
the phrases. We've heard them enough
times, so they must be true. Well, what
if we just switch around the genders? I
don't know, just whatever. Go crazy.
Would that still be acceptable? Let's
see.
A real woman wouldn't waste a man's
time. She would give him the type of
relationship that provides him with the
greatest freedom and satisfaction,
irrespective of her own interests and
desires. And a real woman certainly
wouldn't put her friends or her finances
or her career or herself ahead of her
relationship. She needs to woman up and
make sacrifices as appropriate. After
all, happy spouse, happy house, right? A
real woman is fit and feminine so the
man can abide in his masculine. For some
reason, he just isn't able to do that
unless she shows up in a certain way.
And so, it falls on her to do so. and
she definitely needs to woman up and
take responsibility for a man both
materially and emotionally. Otherwise,

[06:01]
materially and emotionally. Otherwise,
he is well within his rights to walk.
Don't waste his time, ladies. Like, do
any of these statements sound familiar?
Like, of course not. We would never hear
these coming from the dominant culture.
And if and when they are voiced in
corners of the internet, they are
immediately denounced as sexist and
misogynistic. And how could that be?
Like, as a social observer, I'm curious
about how the same advice can be
normalized when directed to one gender
and villainized when directed to the
other and not be sexist.
It raises some questions to say the
least.
The dominant culture would have you
believe that a real man is determined by
the degree to which he benefits women
and any deviation from that is met with
considerable shame, censure, and
recrimination. On the other hand, the

[07:00]
recrimination. On the other hand, the
phrase a real woman functionally doesn't
even exist in our culture, which is to
suggest that all women are presumed to
be real, and that they are therefore
selfdefined in a way that a man is not.
As a result, they are openly validated
and encouraged to do what is in their
own naked self-interest. And suggesting
that that self-interest should in any
way be compromised to provide benefit
for men is considered sexist and
oppressive and an infringement on our
inherent self-determination.
So, what's the issue? Well, among other
things, the issue is that there are a
lot of well-meaning, good-intentioned,
but soft-headed young men out there who
come into contact with these phrases and
the attitudes they represent in a
thousand different ways from the time
they are children, and they believe it.
Contrary to most people's

[08:00]
Contrary to most people's
self-perception, the majority of people
are generally obedient. They don't want
to disappoint their parents, who are
also generally obedient. They don't want
to alienate their friends who are also
generally obedient and they don't want
to upset women who are also generally
obedient. This means that young men hear
these phrases and integrate these
attitudes out of a good faith
expectation that they will in fact
become real men.
But Quibono, who benefits from this
transformation? I think we would be
hardpressed to argue that it is the men
themselves who do so. After all, none of
the social imperatives leveled at men,
if followed, would make men stronger,
richer, healthier, happier, etc.
However, every commandment with respect
to his manhood is framed visav his
behavior toward women, which for lack of

[09:00]
behavior toward women, which for lack of
a better word is crazy. It's completely
nuts.
My point here is that all men,
especially young men, have to understand
that their dominant culture has
absolutely no interest in supporting
them in becoming men in their own right.
Read my lips. The dominant culture does
not want masculine men. It does not want
men to be vigorous and powerful and
prosperous and happy and abundant. And
I'm going to explain why that is in a
future episode. For the time being,
however, it's important for men to
understand that their value is not
fundamentally predicated on what they
can do for women and if possible to find
other men who view masculinity as an
inherently good and positive trait, as
this will help to offset the pressures
to conform to the dominant culture they
might otherwise feel.

[10:00]
might otherwise feel.
There you have it. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know somebody who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content will book a
paid one-on-one consultation with me can
do so through my website. There's also
my bestselling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore the
underlying economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly group consultation calls and
Q&As's with invited guests from all over
the internet. Check these resources out.
A lot of great value there. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.