[00:00]
Let's say if the price of sex today was
five units of whatever it is, five units
of attention gets you one sex today and
then five units of attention gets you
one sex tomorrow. Would you not assume
that in, you know, day 10 of the same
transaction, you would be ready with
your five units of attention, but all of
a sudden it doesn't get you that
&gt;&gt; because, you know, your partner is on
her period or maybe she's tired or
maybe, you know, something else has
changed. This is part of the reason why
we don't try to disclose pricing because
you get used to it and you get used to
it pretty fast and then you demand. So I
wouldn't want to share my pricing for
affection necessarily as openly
especially if that's something the other
person needs all the time because that
price is variable based on the amount of
resource I have.
&gt;&gt; So hiding your pricing as leverage and
power
&gt;&gt; but the pricing is revealed in the
behavior and what we agree to. So that's
why I said that most of the negotiation
occurs behaviorally and tacitly. So it's
a great example, Andre, because in the
beginning of the courtship process,

[01:00]
beginning of the courtship process,
that's functionally what they're the man
and the woman are trying to negotiate is
how much do I have to give you to have
sex? Like how much time do you need? How
much understanding do you need? How much
effort do I have to put into the date?
How much money do I have to spend? Oh,
you're an oldfashioned girl, so you need
three of those dates. You need five of
those dates. It's like and on some level
that becomes the anchor point for the
sexual intimacy. And make no mistake,
the guy is there because he wants to
have sex. Like that's why he's taking
this woman out and listening to her
stories and buying her drinks and
whatnot. So the question on some level
is how much do I have to give to get
access to your body? And a lot of men,
if they could get that more cheaply,
would for better or for worse would
agree to that transaction. And so that's
what's kind of being negotiated in the
early stages of a courtship is how much
resource do I have to expend to access
how much and what quality of sexual
opportunity.