[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Teraban and this is
Psychax better living through psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
you can't cheat yourself.
You can cheat other people but you can't
cheat yourself. And there are a number
of important consequences to this
reality that I want to discuss with you
today. To begin with, let me explain
what I mean when I say you can't cheat
yourself, but you can cheat other
people. Well, let's imagine that you
hired a trainer who asked you to do
eight reps of a heavy press, but when
the trainer wasn't looking, you only did
five and passed it off as eight. Now,
you might succeed in tricking the
trainer and succeed in eliciting the
same validation from him as if you had
completed the full set, but you
absolutely did not trick your body. Your
body cannot be deceived. It will note
that you spent less time under tension,

[01:01]
that you spent less time under tension,
that you completed fewer reps, etc.,
etc. And if repeated over time, this
continued deception will create real and
observable differences between those who
cheat and those who don't. You can't
fake the delta in physical strength you
develop by completing eight versus five
reps. And this, of course, will make it
harder and harder to continue to deceive
the trainer.
By the same token, you could potentially
take someone else's notes into a test
and trick the teacher into thinking that
you know more than you actually do. And
if you're clever enough, you might
succeed in deceiving the teacher and
succeed in eliciting the same score from
him as if you actually knew what you
seemed to know. But you absolutely did
not trick your mind. Your mind is not
deceived. Pretending to know something
can only fool other people, but it can't

[02:00]
can only fool other people, but it can't
fool yourself. And if repeated over
time, this continued deception will
create real and observable differences
between those who cheat and those who
don't. You can't fake the delta in skill
in any behavior based on your
understanding or mastery. And this of
course will make it harder and harder to
continue to deceive the teacher and so
forth and so on. Basically, you can
cheat other people, but only for a time.
And you can only cheat people for a time
because you can't cheat yourself. And
because you can't cheat yourself, the
differences between actually being and
merely seeming will become more and more
evident over time.
But it is true that you can cheat other
people. And this is why there are so
many frauds in the world. People are
more likely to become frauds when two
conditions are met. A when they really

[03:02]
conditions are met. A when they really
want something someone else controls and
B when they desire the thing more than
the process of obtaining the thing. Both
are required. For example, a
validictorian might really want
something another person controls, say
an A from her teacher, but she typically
enjoys the process of learning. And it's
this commitment to the process that on
some level lends a guardianship against
being tempted into fraud.
Make sense?
Now, people want all kinds of things
from all kinds of people. And they learn
from the time they are children that
they can at least some of the time get
those things by merely seeming as
opposed to actually being.
This is a risky gambit, but given the
fact that seeming is almost always
significantly less work than being, a

[04:00]
significantly less work than being, a
certain percentage of people will always
resort to fraud a certain percentage of
the time. We can blame their morals or
their character, but it's really an
economic calculus, even if entirely
unconscious, coupled with the
satisfaction of the two criteria already
discussed. You don't have to get angry
if you understand. And what's more, your
understanding is much more likely to
create social structures to prevent
fraud than your anger is.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, [music] I delve deep into my
economic model of relationships and
explain the behavior of both men and
women in the game of mating and dating.
I also provide a lot of actionable
advice on how [music] to get and keep
more of what you want in the sexual
marketplace. Once you read The Value of

[05:01]
marketplace. Once you read The Value of
Others, you'll never look at
relationships [music] the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats.
[music] The links are in the
description.
Now, to complicate this issue even
further, it's sometimes the case that
people actually are a certain way, but
they don't seem a certain way. And this
lack of seeming often causes them to get
passed over in reality.
People often say that we shouldn't be
deceived by appearances, but my brother
in Christ, what else are we to go on?
That's like saying we shouldn't be
deceived by empirical evidence, which in
order to be so must appear to our
instruments. People only have
appearances to go on. They can't search
your secret heart or your eternal soul.
So don't chide people for using really
the only source of data they can acquire

[06:02]
the only source of data they can acquire
to make their decisions.
This means that to get the things we
want from other people, we have to seem
as well. In most cases, it's not
sufficient to merely be.
If they fail to keep up the proper
appearances, people often don't continue
to secure the interpersonal outcomes
associated with being the thing itself.
This means people can sometimes get what
they want from others by seeming without
being and that they can sometimes fail
to get what they want from others by
being without seeming.
And this is why especially in cultures
and communities that rely on short-term
or anonymous relationships, we typically
see a prioritization of seeming over
being. And in cultures and communities
that are founded upon long-term personal
relationships, we typically see a

[07:01]
relationships, we typically see a
prioritization of being overseeming.
It's not really about values because
most people will only abide in their
values at their own personal loss to a
point. It's about a rational and often
unconscious calculus with respect to
risk, value, and other economic
principles. Of course, the best would be
to both be and seem to be as you are,
right? Socrates once said that if you're
concerned about other people's opinions,
it's best to be as you would seem to
others. And I would agree with that, as
it's also typically easier to seem a
certain way if you actually are a
certain way. So, how do we go about
cultivating our being? Especially in
light of the fact that being is always
more difficult and expensive than merely
seeming.

[08:00]
seeming.
Well, as previously mentioned, it's a
good thing to enjoy the process of
becoming. People who learn to love the
process of becoming typically persist in
that process far longer as they find
participating in that process rewarding
over and above the rewards they may
receive from being which might be a long
way off. Enjoy the process of becoming
and you will not only be less tempted to
fraud, but you will often eventually
receive better outcomes as well.
And the second way is by cultivating
selflove. Now selflove like love is a
concept that gets thrown around a lot
without deep consideration as to its
real meaning. But it's actually quite
simple. If love is sacrifice for the
good of the other, then selflove is
sacrifice for the good of the self.
That's it. And this means that self-love

[09:01]
That's it. And this means that self-love
is generally not about doing what feels
pleasurable or relaxing in the moment.
It's about sacrificing certain things
now for the betterment of the self now
and in the future.
Why? Well, let's bring it full circle.
If you can't cheat yourself,
then every time you say resist
procrastination, you have enacted a form
of self-love as you are sacrificing
certain things now like watching another
episode of a show for the betterment of
your future self who might as a result
have advanced closer to his goals like
building a business or taking care of
his fitness or getting better with women
etc etc. You could potentially cheat
others by making them believe that you
are making progress without actually
doing anything. But you can't cheat
yourself. And self-love is the mechanism

[10:00]
yourself. And self-love is the mechanism
by which you resist the all too human
urge to do so.
Hopefully that makes sense. But what do
you think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please come on, send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like that that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value ads. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore my economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly group consultation calls and
Q&As with invited guests from all over
the internet. It's a great group. Check
it out if you are so inclined. The links
to everything are in the description
below. And as always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.