[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and a
topic of today's short talk is how
relationships work. So I'm going to be
talking about some fundamental precepts
with respect to understanding
relationships especially sexual
relationships.
These general principles reveal why
relationships are formed and how
relationships are maintained. Trust me,
if you just watch one of my videos, this
is it. If you understand these
principles, you will have much more
satisfying, successful relationships of
all kinds. And if you act in spite of
these principles or pretend they don't
exist, you're going to feel frustrated,
heartbroken, and desparing. And you'll
probably blame the opposite sex or the
world at large for your lack of success.
These principles are axiomatic that is
they are self-evident and don't require

[01:01]
they are self-evident and don't require
additional proofs. They are true in all
relationship dynamics and they are
non-negotiable.
We can either choose to act in line with
these precepts or against them but we
cannot change them. Understand?
Great. Let's get to it.
So the first thing you have to
understand about relationships is that
people approach people who have things
that they want or need. As I write in my
book, it's neither the good nor the
loving nor the virtuous who are desired
for relationships but the people whom
others want things from. If nobody wants
or needs anything from you, you are
going to be alone. Why? Because people
don't move toward people they want
nothing to do with. Now, because people
have wants or needs that they desire to
satisfy, they approach specific people

[02:00]
satisfy, they approach specific people
for relationships because they believe
that they have the means to satisfy
those wants or needs. If you do not
appear to have those means, then the
people with those wants or needs will
not spend time with you. This is because
doing so would come not only with the
pain or distress of leaving those wants
and needs unsatisfied but with an
opportunity cost as well as there are
other people in the world who could
satisfy them. So it's a double liability
for others.
This means that in order to be
approached for relationships, you have
to at least appear to have what other
people want or need. And of course, even
better if you actually have the means to
satisfy them. However, you must also
understand that the person who actually
has the means, but who doesn't seem to
possess them, will hardly be approached
for relationships more often than the

[03:01]
for relationships more often than the
person who neither has nor seems to have
them. That's just the way it is. To
maintain a relationship, you need to
actually have what other people want or
need. But here's the real paradox, the
real tragedy of human relationships.
If you give people what they want or
need, then they will no longer want or
need you.
As I say in the book, no one continues
to pay the plumber. You've undermined
the basis of the relationship in the
dischargement of the relationship. It's
totally messed up, but that's the nature
of things. And it's why relationships
are so difficult to maintain in the long
term.
We enter into relationships because we
want or need things, but when we receive
those things, we no longer need or want
the relationship as much. And as I've

[04:01]
the relationship as much. And as I've
said before, the game does not run on
gratitude. A lot of people get this
wrong. A lot of people think that
because they've gone out of their way to
satisfy the needs or wants of the other,
sometimes at great expense or sacrifice
to themselves, that this will secure
them continued relationship into the
future. This is not true. Nothing
guarantees continued relationship into
the future. But the best way to increase
the likelihood of continued relationship
into the future is to continue to
possess the means that will satisfy the
wants or needs of others.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, [music]
my membersonly self-improvement
community. Your monthly membership will
get you access to a cadre of
like-minded, supportive individuals,
bimonthly group [music] consultation

[05:00]
bimonthly group [music] consultation
sessions hosted by yours truly, and
exclusive content that you won't find
anywhere [music] else. Click the link in
the description for more information.
Hope to see you aboard.
So, let's recap. If you don't have what
people want or need, they will not
relate to you. However, if you give them
everything that they want or need,
they're also not going to relate to you
because you've made yourself obsolete
and redundant in the dischargement of
the relationship. On the other hand, if
you never give them what they want or
need, then they will eventually get sick
of dealing with you and seek out other
possible relationships to satisfy those
wants or needs. They might try for a
period of time to acquire the means that
you possess to satisfy their needs or
wants, but for whatever reason, if you
are unwilling to give them, then they
will eventually get frustrated and

[06:00]
will eventually get frustrated and
leave, especially when presented with an
alternative that promises a greater
likelihood of success.
So, these are the three main obstacles
to continued relationship. In the first
place, it ends before it begins. when
you don't have or at least seem to have
what other people want or need. In the
second place, it ends if you give people
everything they want or need. And in the
third place, it ends if you never give
people what they want or need. So far so
good. Great. Because if these statements
are true, then they collectively suggest
a pathway to continued relationship.
Namely, you must only gradually satisfy
some of the wants or needs of others
while simultaneously continuing to
retain possession of the means to
satisfy other wants or needs. It should

[07:00]
satisfy other wants or needs. It should
go without saying, but this is a very
tricky balancing act, which is why so
many relationships fail. Many people
can't figure out how to manage this
balance effectively. It's kind of like
this. In the act of satisfying any want
or need, it's imperative that you ensure
other needs or wants remain satisfiable
with the means you still possess. And as
people typically don't arrive in
relationships with inexhaustible needs
or wants, this often requires the active
cultivation of desires in others.
If that sounds a little nefarious,
that's because it is. But the
alternative is to believe that people
who no longer need or want anything from
you will continue to relate to you
simply because you've satisfied their
needs or wants in the past. And this, my
friend, is not how people operate.

[08:02]
friend, is not how people operate.
Think of it in a professional context.
Clever employers have learned to
diversify their corporate structure into
exceedingly complex hierarchies.
One reason they do this is because they
can gradually satisfy employees desire
for promotion. Remember, if they never
promoted an employee, he or she would
probably jump ship eventually while
simultaneously ensuring that employees
still don't possess a subsequent
promotion that the employers control.
Whenever a carrot is removed from the
stick for consumption, it is immediately
replaced with a new carrot. These
employers satisfy the desire for
advancement while simultaneously
cultivating a new desire for the next
promotion. And this is one of the best
ways of ensuring a workforce of
dedicated employees. Pretty sneaky, huh?

[09:03]
dedicated employees. Pretty sneaky, huh?
All voluntary relationships, including
sexual relationships, are no different.
The satisfaction of every desire, must
be accompanied by the cultivation of a
new one. Satisfy every desire once and
for all and you have succeeded in
transforming yourself into a liability
as the other person would presumably
continue to satisfy your needs and wants
at a loss to them as they will no longer
be compensated by the satisfaction of
their own needs or wants in the
relationship.
Never satisfy the other's desires and
you will encounter a high degree of
turnover to competitors who indicate the
possibility of satisfaction. Understand
these principles and thrive. Ignore
these principles and suffer.
It's that simple.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this

[10:00]
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who struggles with this,
who needs a clear framework to
understand how relationships work. Send
it to them because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really helped
make the channel grow. Other value
propositions. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with me can do
so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the economic model of
relationships and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I host bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&A with invited guests from
all over the internet. Check it out if
you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
And as always, I appreciate your support
and I thank you for listening.