[00:00]
Why can't men and women seem to describe
what [music] they actually want in a
relationship or a partner?
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's a complicated question. So,
there's a few different layers to that.
On the most superficial layer, it's not
socially acceptable to come right out
and say what it is that you want. One of
my most popular YouTube episodes is
called the part that women always leave
out. When I was in my 20s and I was
feeling frustrated about my ability to
get the kind of relationship I wanted,
back then I really wanted to get
married. I was moving in that direction
and I was approaching the women in my
life, friends and you know older mentors
with this good faith question. It's like
what do you want? Cuz like let I
want to give it to you or someone like
you so that I can have a successful
relationship with a woman. And I heard
all kinds of things that were like,
"Well, I want somebody who's kind and I
want somebody who makes me feel safe and
I want somebody who buys me flowers and
makes me feel like a little girl." And
I'm thinking, well, what, man? I'm all

[01:02]
I'm thinking, well, what, man? I'm all
of those things. I don't understand what
the problem here is. And so, the part
that women always leave out is that they
do want those things, but they want
those things from the men they're
already attracted to. If she's not
attracted to you, buying her flowers is
not going to make her attracted [music]
to you. And when I said this out loud in
that episode, the most common push back
in the comments was, "Well, A, of
course, as women, we want to be
attracted to men." Like, why do we have
to say that out loud? And I was like,
"Because there's a generation or two of
well-meaning, literalminded men who
actually listen to the words that come
out of your mouth, and you didn't say
the most important part, right?" And
clearly, if they're already attracted to
the guy, that attraction wasn't based on
kindness or safety [music] or all these
other things because they don't know if
that guy is kind or safe yet. So, the
determination of attractiveness is based
on other variables. And as a guy, you
have to attend to those because if you
don't, it won't matter if you're the

[02:00]
don't, it won't matter if you're the
kindest, gentlest, sweetest man on the
planet.