[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is the love
trap. So, this is a way of thinking that
I fell prey to for many years as a young
man. I'm going to address it today
because I think it still remains a very
prevalent problem in today's society.
Let's get to it.
When I was younger, I had an emptiness
inside of me. And I hoped that this
emptiness could be filled by the love of
a woman. I believed that by entering
into a relationship with a woman, I
would be able to feel her love and
affection for me and that if I felt
enough of her love and affection, it
would fill that emptiness and I would be
happy.
And I'm here to tell you that this is
not only not what actually happens, but
that this isn't even possible.
This thinking is also associated with

[01:01]
This thinking is also associated with
all kinds of suboptimal outcomes with
women because women, regardless of their
intentions, don't want to do this. This
is not something that any woman really
wants to do. Women enter into
relationships with men because they want
or need things from them. But few women,
if any, want or need like a broken man
that they can make whole with their
love. They might want a beastly man like
in Beauty and the Beast that they can
tame and conquer, but they generally
don't want an empty, broken man that
they can heal. Maybe if they did they'd
have more luck, but that's not what
women desire.
And that's actually not a problem
because they can't do this even if they
did want to, which they don't. It's not
possible for women to fill you up with
love and affection. And by approaching

[02:02]
love and affection. And by approaching
women consciously or not, with that
intention, you set them up for failure.
This is because they literally won't be
able to give you what you want. And this
leads to all kinds of sub-optimal
relationship outcomes because no one is
really going to stick around if they
perpetually feel like they can't ever do
the thing, as it were. Here's the truth.
You can't feel another person's love.
I wish you could, but you can't.
Similarly, you can't feel another
person's fear. or another person's pain
or another person's despair.
I know that there are a lot of empaths
out there who believe that they can, but
at the very most, what they're
experiencing is some kind of mirror
neuron activation that stimulates a
comparable emotion inside of them. But I
think you'd be hardressed to prove that
those two emotions are identical given

[03:00]
those two emotions are identical given
that all physiological processes like
emotions are interpreted through
particular subjectivities with
particular experiences, memories,
expectations, etc. In any case, even
when empathic reactions do occur, the
people in question are still only
experiencing their own emotions.
Just like you could be sitting next to
someone having a full-blown panic
attack, someone who fully believes he's
about to die and not necessarily become
panicked as well. You could be sitting
next to the most loving, affectionate
woman in the world and still not feel an
ounce of that love inside of you. And
that's not because you're a broken,
heartless man. It's because you
literally cannot feel another person's
feelings. You can only feel your own
That means that if you want to feel
love, you've got to feel your own love

[04:00]
love, you've got to feel your own love
coming out of you. That's the only way
you can do it. Love others and
experience that love coming out of you.
Real talk.
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage you to
get your hands on a copy of my book, The
Value of Others. Over the course of 432
pages, [music] I delve deep into my
economic model of relationships and
explain the behavior of both men and
[music] women in the game of mating and
dating. I also provide a lot of
actionable advice on [music] how to get
and keep more of what you want in the
sexual marketplace. Once you read The
Value of Others, you'll never look at
relationships the same way again. Now
available in ebook, [music] audiobook,
and paperback formats. The links are in
the description.
So, why don't people do this? Why do
people spend so much time trying to feel

[05:00]
people spend so much time trying to feel
what they cannot feel while avoiding the
feelings they can? I wish this weren't
true, guys. But the fundamental issue is
that feeling love and getting what you
want are not the same thing. In fact,
they might be diametrically opposed to
each other. Love is self-sacrifice in
the service of the other. This is why
Jesus said you could love your enemies.
It has nothing to do with personal
desire or need satisfaction or emotional
experience. Love is about giving so that
other people might benefit. Which means
at least in that moment you are not
getting what you want. Unless of course
what you want is to sacrifice yourself
in the service of others which suffice
it to say is a very very rare desire.
You're up for canonization if that
happens to be you. The reality is that
most people don't want that irrespective

[06:00]
most people don't want that irrespective
of what they might say. Just look at
their behavior.
Loving is not a pathway to getting what
you want.
It never has been and it never will be.
And that means bitter truth number two
that if you want sex and affection and
relationships from women, the way to get
those things is not by being loving.
Again, I wish this weren't the case, but
if you want those things from women, you
have to get better at attraction,
seduction, and the value proposition
that underlies sexual relationships.
The the guys who are
successful with women, have figured this
out. You don't get what you want from
women by loving them. I wish you could,
but I was not consulted in the design
phase.
This doesn't necessarily mean that you
never love or learn to love. Certainly,

[07:00]
never love or learn to love. Certainly,
learning how to love is very useful. It
grows you, matures you, makes you a
better human being, but it doesn't get
you laid. It doesn't get you a
relationship and it doesn't get you the
other things that you might want from a
woman. So, it's important to choose the
right tool for the job. In any case, if
you can't be filled up with a woman's
love, then it's a good idea to try to
solve this problem, this inner emptiness
on your own. And in my experience, there
have only been a few things that have
actually helped me move the needle on
this one. first and foremost is a felt
emotional connection with God, with a
higher power. I'm not talking about an
intellectual connection reading texts
and philosophies. I'm not talking about
living in accordance with a certain
religious dogma. I'm talking about the
emotional experience
of being seen, justified, and
unconditionally loved by God. And this

[08:02]
unconditionally loved by God. And this
will fill that inner void, guaranteed.
Second is purposeful action.
That inner emptiness is directly related
to your experience of self. The more
you're focused internally, the more
you're thinking about yourself, the more
you're going to feel empty. From a
Buddhist perspective, that self is a
delusion. And the more we believe a
delusion, the more we're going to suffer
because we're not aligned with reality.
What I've discovered is that the more I
shift my attention outward and become
absorbed in the experience of life, the
more I tend to disappear to myself. And
that sense of emptiness disappears with
it. We get out of ourselves by getting
into life. And it's much easier to get
into life when we're being absorbed into
something exciting, challenging,
interesting, or meaningful.
There are other therapeutic pathways as

[09:00]
There are other therapeutic pathways as
well, but I'll leave it here for the
time being. Heal that emptiness yourself
and don't expect a woman to fill you up
with her love. That's the love trap.
You're not broken if you can't feel her
love. You've just taken literally what
is essentially a cultural idiom.
There you have it. What do you think?
Let me know in the comments below if
this fits with your experience. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this. Everyone does
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can do so
on my website orabanscid.com.
There's also my best-selling book, The
Value of Others, in which I explore the
economic model of relationships, and my
paid member community, The Captain's

[10:00]
paid member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host, among other
things, bimonthly group consultation
calls and Q&As with invited guests from
all over the internet. It's a great
group, a lot of value there. Check it
out if you're so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.