[00:00]
Why do men and women often focus on,
let's say, irrelevant or possibly even
harmful and air quotes criteria? You
know, like
I think this speaks to how early
relationship experiences can cause us to
value something that's contrary to our
our long-term goals. Well, a lot of
people don't know what is actually
important for the type of relationship
that they're shooting for and they fall
under a real general fallacy, which I
think chapter 10 is exclusively about,
which is they believe that they could
have any relationship with anyone. Most
people think that I am just going to
choose the person I'm most attracted to
or I most love and that person should be
able to have the type of relationship
that I would prefer to have. And that is
absurd. Like you can only have certain
relationships with certain people. If
you want a peaceful loving relationship,
you need a peaceful loving partner. It's
impossible to have a peaceful loving
relationship with somebody who is
chaotic or addicted or narcissistic or

[01:02]
chaotic or addicted or narcissistic or
whatever problem you want to name. It's
like don't take your groceries list to
the hardware store as they say in AA.
Right.
&gt;&gt; That's funny. So, a lot of people don't
know what actually is important for a
long-term relationship. Other people,
and women are generally more guilty of
this, operate under the illusion of
infinite abundance and in both in terms
of potential partners and their
timelines. I mean, I can understand why
they this might happen. It's like, if I
was a reasonably attractive 22-year-old
woman, I could just turn on an app and
by the end of the day, I'd probably have
a few hundred likes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; From guys who are being very sweet and
polite to me and complimenting how I
look and asking me to buy me drinks or
dinner. Sometimes those women then feel
that because they can secure a
short-term sexual relationship with a
man, that's the same thing as
potentially being able to secure a
long-term partnership from that same
person or a comparable person.