[00:00]
Bill Perkins says, "Delayed
gratification in the extreme results in
no gratification." And monk mode can be
very gratifying, which is great and and
fun. And I had huge success, huge, huge
success. Sat on a couch in Newcastle
upon time doing breath work or
meditation or journaling or reading or
yin yoga or whatever it was I was doing
that month. But I realized the addictive
nature of it, especially if you're a
it's a particular pitfall if you're
someone that's a little bit
introvertedly inclined because it
legitimates your own retreat from social
life and it gives you nobility in
isolation and [music] that is something
where you need to go okay like that's
cool like it's cool that I'm doing this
on my own and it's great and this is my
rocky cut scene but purpose of the rocky
cut scene is to then prepare him to go
and do the next thing which is really
good. sticking around and just doing it
on your own I think results net overall
in a loss.
&gt;&gt; I would agree and I think that monk mode
is probably the less common
manifestation of this. More common

[01:00]
manifestation of this. More common
manifestations of this socially are like
education just for the sake of
education. There's a lot of young people
because of the way the educational
system works. They haven't developed any
kind of self-direction. They go to
college more or less because it's
expected. They graduate and they think
I'm unprepared for adult life. maybe
I'll go get a master's degree. And they
do that for a year or two and they
graduate and they're a little bit older
and they're still unprepared for it.
Maybe I'll get a doctorate. That
definitely happens. Or therapy. It's
just like therapy is not a means to its
own end. It's a means to get back on
your feet to move on with the business
of life. And to use your point about the
Rocky Cuts scene, the reason why he's
training at all is because he has an
upcoming fight with Apollo. Without that
fight, there would be no necessity for
him to train. People who are training
without the fight may become trapped in
that training as an end to itself. So I
think the goal is really really
important. The goal is the pretext for
action. It also lets you know when you
get to stop because you should be good
enough relative to what you actually
need to accomplish in the world. There's
a time to move forward. There's a time
to move on.