[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
body count. It's time that I weigh in on
this subject and I might ruffle a few
feathers in the process. Body count or a
woman's number of previous sexual
partners is a topic that is highly
relevant to a large number of men. In
general, this number is taken as a proxy
for a woman's capacity to pair bond and
as a signifier of her goodness of fit
for a long-term relationship. And while
there is some evidence to suggest that
women with lower body counts are more
likely to be loyal and committed in
their relationships, this evidence needs
to be taken with a large dose of salt.
Let's get to it.
In my opinion, rooting around in a
woman's sexual history is actually a bad
idea. And it's a bad idea for many
reasons. First and foremost, reviewing a

[01:02]
reasons. First and foremost, reviewing a
woman's sexual history suffers from the
same liability as most forms of
assessment. Namely, absence of evidence
is not evidence of an absence. A cancer
screening, for example, cannot give you
positive evidence that you are
cancer-free. It can just fail to detect
the existence of any cancer, which is
not the same thing. By the same token,
failing to discover anything concerning
in a woman's sexual past doesn't prove
that no such experiences exist. You just
might not have found them. This could
reflect a true absence of evidence, but
it could also indicate that you didn't
ask the right questions or that she's
good at hiding, lying, and/or destroying
evidence. And of course, anything that
you do find won't be reassuring, my
dude. Like a cancer screening can only
give you bad news when it finds

[02:01]
give you bad news when it finds
something, right?
So men who are highly concerned with a
woman's body count, I have to ask, why
do you do this to yourselves?
You literally can only find things that
would disqualify a woman and potentially
inflame your retroactive jealousy. This
is similar to why I don't recommend
going through your partner's phone. In
any case, you will not find anything in
terms of positive evidence in a woman's
past that will reassure you once and for
all as to her future. So, why do this to
yourself? Curiosity killed the cat. So,
be careful what you go looking for.
And even if you disagree with me on this
point, we now come to my second
argument. It's not a good idea to root
around in her sexual past because you
will never ever ever
know the truth.
Even if the woman is swearing up and
down that she's telling you the truth,

[03:01]
down that she's telling you the truth,
she's not and she shouldn't because
nothing good can come from telling the
truth here. And I have to ask, why
bother asking a question if you know
you're going to be lied to? Like just
save your breath, my dude.
And women have a good reason to lie.
According to a study performed on exit
surveys completed by women leaving
shelters, quote, "Jalousy was the main
topic of the argument that led to the
physical abuse." That's from Bus's The
Evolution of Desire. Just like it's not
a good idea to go around poking
rattlesnakes and slapping bears, it's a
good idea for women to take a wide birth
around circumstances that could
potentially inflame male jealousy. Just
tell me the truth, I won't judge you is
the male equivalent of just tell me the
truth, I won't get upset.

[04:01]
truth, I won't get upset.
And most men learn the hard way that
when a woman says that, it's not
actually true.
Men do judge women for their body
counts. And this judgment can result in
very real and very negative consequences
for women. As I've said before, if you
punish the truth, you're asking to be
lied to. So don't expect honesty from
women on this issue. If you're
interested in taking your understanding
to the next level, I would encourage you
to check out the Captain's [music]
Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. Your monthly
membership will get you access [music]
to a cadre of like-minded, supportive
individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't [music] find anywhere else. Click
the link in the description for more
information. hope to see you aboard.
Now, people lie, but people don't like

[05:03]
Now, people lie, but people don't like
being liars.
So, women have developed a tactic to
take advantage of the strategic benefits
of lying while reducing the likelihood
that they will be perceived both by
others and by themselves as liars.
Namely,
they count differently.
This is an enduring problem in
statistical analysis and research design
as well. Knowing the actual number is
generally less important than
understanding how that number was
reached. And most women are not going to
be sharing their inclusion and exclusion
criteria with you. For instance, a woman
might not count the guy who only lasted
30 seconds. She might not count the guy
she regretted sleeping with. She might
not count the guy she slept with when
she was drunk because she actually
doesn't have a clear memory of what
happened. And she might not count any of
the men with whom she didn't have

[06:00]
the men with whom she didn't have
vaginal penetrative intercourse. And
these are just a few possible exclusion
criteria. In fact, many women only count
the men with whom they've been in a
relationship. And trust me, this number
is almost always less and in some cases
significantly less than her real body
count. My point here is that there is
little reason to become monoomaniacally
focused on the accuracy of a woman's
number because you're never going to
know the truth one way or the other. So,
why do guys do this? Well, as I've said,
it's often because they believe that
women with lower body counts make more
loyal and committed long-term partners.
A statistic they like to use to
corroborate this belief is the divorce
rate among virgins. And this is a real
thing. The divorce rate among couples
who save themselves for marriage is very
very very low compared with the general
population like 6% compared with 55%.

[07:01]
population like 6% compared with 55%.
The facts are the facts. You can't argue
with them.
However, it's also important to consider
that only around 3% of people are
virgins when they get married. So this
is extrapolating from a relatively small
percentage of the population and that
there are likely other things like
strong religious engagement and severe
cultural pressures that are the real
protective factors around such marriages
over and above the mere fact that they
hadn't shared their bodies with anyone
else before they tied the knot. This is
important to understand because in my
opinion body count is too often used as
an easy proxy for let's say purity and
inexperience.
Two things that men v value highly in
long-term partners. But body count and
purity are not the same thing,
especially when considered in light of

[08:00]
especially when considered in light of
women's accounting.
For example, I've done a number of
consultations with guys who live in the
Republic of Georgia. Georgia is a very
Christian country, and apparently it's a
culture in which a woman's virginity is
still highly praised. Like, it's
difficult for a woman to get married if
she's not a virgin in the sense of
having herman intact. However, an intact
Heyman doesn't necessarily mean that she
hasn't blown 50 guys and taken it up the
ass, which has long been a favorite
loophole among god-fearing folk? In any
case, yes, yes, she might still have her
highman, but is such a woman really pure
and inexperienced?
There are ways around this, and I found
this to be the case with respect to many
exceptionally beautiful women. Like they
can plausibly say that they have low
body counts with respect to vaginal
intercourse, but that's only because
they found other ways to satisfy the

[09:04]
they found other ways to satisfy the
resource for sexual opportunity
transaction that undergurs their
relationships and that doesn't
necessarily make them wife material. As
a result, the upshot here is that if
body count is going to be used as a
proxy for purity and inexperience, it
absolutely has to be taken in light of
additional evidence. Whether you like it
or not, you can't go on body count
alone. And men who are too fixated on
this number generally are so to their
own detriment.
That's what I got for you. What do you
think? Does this fit with your own
experience? Let me know in the comments
below. And please send this episode to
someone who you think might benefit from
its message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly

[10:01]
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so through my website. There's
also my best-selling book, The Value of
Others, in which I explore the economic
model of relationships, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly live group consultation
calls. The links to everything are in
the description below. Check them out if
you are so inclined. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.