[00:00]
How do you actually know your real
market price then Dr. Orion?
&gt;&gt; Back to the book.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's a great question. It's
in the book. So I have a whole chapter
on the sexual marketplace value because
it's a very uh contentious and
misunderstood topic. And so I actually
split it up into three different types
of value. And to answer your question, I
think it's the third type that speaks
most directly to that objective value,
which I call transacted sexual
marketplace value. It's like no one
really knew how much that athlete's
talent was worth until he signed the
contract for $500 million. At which
point he was worth 500 million. You
might argue that he should have been
worth less, but he could get 500
million. So he was worth 500 million. If
he got 300 million, he'd be worth 300
million. If he got 800 million, he'd be
worth 800 million. Everything is just
hypothetical until money changes hands
on some level. Then we actually know
exactly what something is worth. And so
transacted sexual marketplace value
looks at the type of people and the
quality of relationships that you've
been able to attract in the past on some

[01:01]
been able to attract in the past on some
level. And that's on I think the closest
metric that we have to where somebody
might reside in the sexual marketplace.
Well, let's say then you had a bad
history of relationships. You were
anxious for example, especially as a man
who an anxious man might have been
intentionally picking low value,
loweffort partners. You've gone through
your work. You've gone to the gym. You
know, worked with Dr. Orion. You worked
with Adam. You're good to go now.
Technically, your price has gone up.
You've upgraded. How do you know your
price now if all of your past
relationships have not been to your best
quality? I do talk about how you kind of
average it from the most recent ex
relationships in the past, but to which
wouldn't would be skewed in this
example, right? But to continue on with
the transacted sexual marketplace value.
So, the guy's made some improvements.
So, how much has he improved? Well, we
don't really know until we see how bad
of a woman he could pull on some level.
So, like what kind of woman is he now

[02:00]
So, like what kind of woman is he now
attracting with his self-development? Is
she more physically beautiful? Is she
more stable? Is she giving him more of
what he wants and less of what he
doesn't? In which case, we can say that
he's uh he has increased his value in
the eyes of his uh audience. In essence,
&gt;&gt; it's the Yeah, exactly. The milk
the cat decides what milk is good. The
cat decides what milk is good. You can't
say I I went to the gym four times a
week for four years, so therefore I'm
this much more this high this much
higher in the sexual marketplace. It's
like it's for the women to decide that
in the heterosexual auction and it's for
the men to decide that on the women and
that makes people very uncomfortable.
They'd like to be able to dictate their
own