[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks better living through psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
how to find yourself. Finding yourself
is not something that you do once and
for all. So this episode is actually for
everyone from those who are just
starting out their journey of life to
those who have gradually become
alienated from their previous decisions.
What do I want and how should I live my
life are questions that become acutely
relevant to all of us at certain points
in our lives. This episode is about
those points in time.
Contrary to popular belief, the
question, "What do I want?" is not an
easy one to answer. We too often assume
that people know what they want and
that's not actually true. This is
because most people's desires are not
their own. They are introjects from
their culture, their family, their
social media algorithms, etc. What they

[01:01]
social media algorithms, etc. What they
are so often trying to satisfy is not a
desire that spontaneously arose inside
of themselves. Which is why when they're
fortunate or unfortunate enough to
satisfy these desires, they're often
left feeling disappointed and empty in
the aftermath of that satisfaction. They
often don't know why they feel this way,
but I do. It's because they worked to
satisfy a desire that wasn't their own.
When we're feeling lost, it becomes
necessary to find ourselves. And we do
that by accurately identifying who we
are. Now, this is something that we must
repeatedly do over the course of our
lives because we are always in the
process of becoming who we are. I'll say
that again. We are always in the process
of becoming who we are. You are a
process of change. And change is

[02:01]
process of change. And change is
frightening to a lot of people because
among other things, it often requires
destruction.
Change means tearing down the old, old
habits, old personas, old relationships,
old lifestyles in order to create the
space in which new construction can
occur. And this might be inescapable. In
general, destruction must preede
creation. And this is why it's wrong to
consider destruction to be inherently
evil or negative. It is a necessity and
as such can't really be imbued with
moral character which requires the
freedom to act otherwise.
Change is also very confusing. Even
though we are always in the process of
becoming who we are, we are not
consciously aware of who we are
becoming. It's not like your unconscious
periodically sends a memo to your
conscious mind summarizing all the
changes you've undergone physically,

[03:00]
changes you've undergone physically,
emotionally, and psychologically in say
the past 6 months. You will have
changed, but in most respects that
change will be obscure to your
awareness. You know you've changed, but
you don't know exactly how you've
changed. At best, you might have some
sort of intuition with respect to the
nature of that change, but in most
cases, you won't really know how you're
different now. And this is quite a
conundrum. Why? Well, if you're now a
new person with new values and tastes
and preferences, how can you make
constructive intentional choices to move
yourself in a meaningful direction if
you don't know what those new values and
tastes and preferences might be? And
this difficulty is felt even more
acutely by the young who don't yet have
even an outdated conception of self by
which to navigate the world. So what's
to be done?

[04:01]
If you appreciate the insights on this
channel, I would highly encourage
[music] you to get your hands on a copy
of my book, The Value of Others. Over
the course of 432 pages, I delve deep
into my economic model of relationships
and explain the behavior of both men and
women in the game of mating and dating.
I also provide a lot of actionable
advice on how to get [music] and keep
more of what you want in the sexual
marketplace. Once you read The Value of
Others, you'll never look at
relationships [music] the same way
again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback [music]
formats. The links are in the
description.
I'll tell you if you find yourself in a
time when you don't sufficiently know
who you are, this is how you proceed.
Imagine you are at a buffet in a foreign
country whose cuisine you are unfamiliar
with. All the food kind of looks strange

[05:01]
with. All the food kind of looks strange
and weird and you may have a number of
judgments about how things will taste
based on how they look. But the fact of
the matter is that you haven't actually
tried any of this stuff. So you don't
actually know what's good and what's
bad, what's delicious and what's
disgusting, and what's nutritious and
what's unhealthy. Got it? So what would
you actually do if you were in that
situation? Well, you would pluck up your
courage and you would go around taking a
little bit of everything. You would take
a little bit of everything and go back
to your table where you would make a
test of these new foods. And how would
you test them? You actually have to put
them in your mouth. Because the only way
you can taste them is to put them inside
of you. There's no way around that. And
why do you do this? because after you've
tasted the foods on offer, it's actually
pretty easy to figure out where to go
back for seconds.

[06:02]
back for seconds.
All right, so by extension, if you're
trying to figure out who you are now,
just like at a foreign buffet, you will
likely have to enter into a period of
exploration and experimentation.
This requires first and foremost that
you not have contempt prior to
investigation.
This means that you have to resist the
urge to form judgments about whether you
will like something or not before you
try it out. And the correlary to this is
that you will very likely have to look
for things you like in places you
haven't looked before. I mean, if you
could have found what you wanted in the
places you've already looked, you
wouldn't have the problem you now have,
now would you?
Second, you have to understand that you
get no real information about the food
while it's still on your plate. You have
to put it inside of you to taste it,

[07:00]
to put it inside of you to taste it,
right? Same thing here. You have to put
the experience inside of you. And you do
that by taking action.
You can't think yourself out of this
one. You can't fantasize or hypothesize
about how you're going to feel any more
than you can fantasize or hypothesize
about a flavor you've never tasted. And
you only truly find out how you feel by
actually doing the thing. This means at
least for a period of time, your
threshold for activation should be
fairly low. Say yes to more things,
especially if they don't require a lot
of time or money. Make a test of them.
Put them inside of you, which is another
way of saying enact them. And then check
in on how you feel. You don't have to be
too exhaustive or touchyfey about this.
Even a single descriptor will do. For
example, did that experience leave you
feeling tired or energized, anxious or

[08:01]
feeling tired or energized, anxious or
safe, clear or confused?
like that feeling is the flavor of that
experience and you'll only be able to
taste it by putting yourself in that
situation and examining how you feel
either during the experience or
immediately afterwards.
This emotion is actually of paramount
importance because this is the language
through which your unconscious speaks to
you. This is how you read the memo of
who you have become by examining your
feelings in a number of different
contexts. And once you do this, choosing
where to go back for seconds should be a
fairly straightforward decision. It
should go without saying, but you should
go back for seconds on experiences that
elicit positive emotions in you that
make you feel inspired, peaceful,

[09:00]
make you feel inspired, peaceful,
confident, strong, proud, alive.
And as you go back for more, you'll
gradually come to fill your life with
more positive emotion. That's how you
build a life worth living. your you fill
your days with the things, the
activities, the relationships, the
challenges, the pleasures that inspire
in you positive emotional experience.
It's possible, but it takes a lot of
work and the work never ends. In any
case, that's how you find yourself. You
find yourself through taking action in
the world and examining your emotional
experience as a result of that action.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know somebody who needs to hear this
episode because it's word of mouth
referrals like this that really help to
make the channel grow. Other value
propositions. Anyone looking to join my

[10:00]
propositions. Anyone looking to join my
free weekly newsletter for which I write
original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can find out more information on my
website. There's also my best-selling
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore my economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
I, among other things, host live
bimonthly group consultation calls. The
links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out. A lot
of value there for you. And as usual, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.