[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic for today's short talk is the ring
test. So I've been seeing this make the
rounds on the social medias and I wanted
to comment on it because I think it's
actually a really good idea for all men
who are potentially considering marriage
to conduct this test for themselves. And
the explanation for why that might be
the case could surprise you.
Okay, so just what is this ring test?
For the record, I've only heard of it
through the women, and it's always
women, who choose to post about it, but
I'm pretty sure I can piece together the
intentions of the men in question. Kind
of goes like this. The woman begins by
noting that her longtime boyfriend has
just proposed to her. Hooray. Or is it
hooray? The problem is that the
boyfriend has proposed to her with like

[01:00]
boyfriend has proposed to her with like
a junky $5 ring from a thrift store. And
this really throws these women for a
loop. In fact, more than one of them
posted that this proposal led to their
decision to end the relationship. But
poor Qua, because the women in the posts
saw this junky ring as a glimpse of
things to come. She saw a man unwilling
to make effort to invest in her and a
subsequent cheapening of the
relationship. She saw a relationship in
which her desires were not satisfied, in
which she wouldn't get what she wanted,
and she saw a future of withholding,
discomfort, and scarcity. And so she
ended her relationship.
Now, I'd like to think that the men who
conducted this test did so from a
well-intentioned place, at least from a
male perspective. He wanted to determine

[02:00]
male perspective. He wanted to determine
whether his girlfriend really wanted him
or just what he could provide. Because
according to the infallible rational
male mind, if she loved him, she'd be
content with a junky ring because she
would understand that it's the
relationship that's really valuable, not
the gold or the diamond or anything else
that money could buy. And of course, he
wanted to determine this before he
married her, given the desire for a ring
at a wedding was almost certainly
stronger in her than in him. And that's
the ring test. And I would encourage
every man who is seriously considering
marriage to conduct this test with his
sweetheart. Why? Because my hunch is
that 9 to one, your girl will behave
like the women in these memes. She's
very likely to bulk, to be offended, to
have misgivings, and she may even end

[03:00]
have misgivings, and she may even end
the relationship. And of course, why
would she behave this way if she really
loved you, my dude?
But here's the thing, and this is going
to piss a lot of you off. The woman is
right to behave this way.
She's right. As we'll see, she's kind of
right for the wrong reasons, and you're
kind of wrong for the right reasons. But
it's important for all men to consider
that such a woman would be justified in
her behavior. And it's essential that
you consider this before you tie the
knot.
As you probably didn't expect me to say
this, allow me to explain my position.
Take a seat, my friend.
Marriage is not about love.
Marriage is a business contract
and it's a business contract primarily
centered on the ownership and

[04:01]
centered on the ownership and
distribution of resources.
And this is why despite the goness of
seeming too eager, the vast majority of
proposals are accepted by women.
And why wouldn't they be? If you
actually understand the terms of the
contract, it's a [ __ ] brilliant deal
for women. Due to her hypergamous mating
preferences, in many cases, it provides
her with a lifetime of security and
provision that remains simultaneously
completely tied to her will.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
[music] Quarters, my membersonly
self-improvement community. [music] Your
monthly membership will get you access
to a cadre of like-minded, supportive
[music] individuals, bimonthly group
consultation sessions hosted by yours
truly, and exclusive content that you

[05:00]
truly, and exclusive content that you
won't find anywhere else. Click the link
in the description for more information.
Hope to see you [music] aboard.
Marriage also radically shifts the power
dynamic of the relationship as the
marriage contract places an enormous
noose around the man's neck,
incentivizing him to walk the straight
and narrow as she defines it. Of course,
it also functionally removes all of the
men's act optionality, her her
interexual competition while allowing
her to retain the passive optionality
she enjoys as a woman. Like few men
become more powerful and attractive in
marriage.
I wish this weren't true, but just take
a look around you and see for yourself.
In any case, there is practically
nothing but upside in a marriage to a
woman and practically nothing but
downside in marriage to a man, at least

[06:00]
downside in marriage to a man, at least
as it's currently practiced in the West.
And make no mistake, despite her
protestations, to the contrary, the
woman knows it's a good deal for her.
Why? Because she's talking to you, my
dude. If she could do better, she would
be talking to him. Make no bones about
it. The female mating strategy is
basically an attempt to get as much as
she can for as long as she can. And you
would likely do the same if you could,
but you can't because the average man is
about as attractive as a leaky
wheelbarrow. And if women mate and date
for resources, why wouldn't you expect
her to bulk at a cheap chintzy ring?
Okay. So, if that's the case, why am I
encouraging men to conduct this test?
Because it will jolt them out of their
romanticism.
It will help them see marriage for what

[07:01]
It will help them see marriage for what
it truly is before it's too late. Guys,
if your girl bulks at a thrift store
ring, it should for once and for all
shatter any residual illusion you have
that marriage is really about love. That
this woman is your soulmate, your better
half, who's going to be with you for
richer and for poorer in sickness and in
health. Like that's just the
advertisement for marriage. That's
marketing. It's and it has about as much
concordance with the actual product as
like an ad for a herpes medication where
everyone is just like frolicking about
and playing beach volleyball. It
functionally has nothing nothing to do
with the actual reality of married life.
And those vows are not legally binding.
But that contract is.
This is not to say that no man should

[08:00]
This is not to say that no man should
ever move forward with marriage, but
that he should do so with his eyes wide
open. She's not thinking about love, my
dude. She's thinking about her future,
her salary, her perks, and the lifestyle
her compensation package would allow her
to enjoy. And once a man sees this
clearly, it falls to him to make some
cold-hearted, rational decisions. There
are two main questions to ask here.
Can I afford her? And is she worth it?
Can I afford her? It's just like hiring
an employee. Her salary is going to come
out of your profits. She's expecting a
certain standard of living and that
standard is going to come out of your
paycheck, my dude. She's not going to
support you. Some men, frankly speaking,
just can't afford certain women. And

[09:01]
just can't afford certain women. And
that's okay. We don't got to shut down
the steakhouse just because you can't
afford filt.
But the second question is even more
important. Is she worth it? like I could
technically afford a Lamborghini.
I just don't think it's the best
allocation of my resources, especially
considering the high ongoing maintenance
costs. When it comes to women, men tend
to forget the first rule of hiring,
namely, the employee must generate more
value or more savings than her salary.
That's fundamentally why the employer
can afford to hire her. However, that
value or that saving must also be
significant enough to justify the
headache of onboarding and her ongoing
salary. If not, it's probably best to
make do with your current headcount.
So, where does this leave us? Men, if
you've disabused yourself of your

[10:01]
you've disabused yourself of your
romanticism and you still believe that
you can afford a woman and that she's
worth it, then by all means, get her a
ring that accurately reflects the nature
of your arrangement. Think of it as a
signing bonus.
On the other hand, if you want to hold
on to your romanticism,
if you want a relationship based not on
resources and provision and transaction,
but on love, then don't give her a ring
at all, my dude. If you have love, you
don't need a ring. You don't need a
contract. You don't need the church or
the government. You don't need any of
that [ __ ] because love cannot help but
love. That is the nature of love and it
requires no other incentives or
protections to operate.
Either path can work but only if both
parties are on the same page. And that's

[11:02]
parties are on the same page. And that's
what the ring test is designed to
reveal. Because if the man is in love
and the woman is in business, it's
probably not going to work out. And this
is something that every man should
determine before saying I do.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know a guy out there who needs to hear
this before it's too late because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow.
Other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content or book a
paid one-on-one consultation with yours
truly can do so through my website.
There's also my best-selling book, The
Value of Others, in which I explore the
economic model of relationships and my
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where I host bimonthly live
group consultations. Check it out. The
links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I

[12:02]
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.