[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is she
takes and takes. This is a refrain that
I hear from time to time from the men in
my consultation sessions. They are
resentful and bitter over the fact that
from their perspective, the women in
their lives just seem to strip them of
their resources, whether that's their
money, their time, their attention,
their commitment, and offer little to
nothing in return.
This predictably leads to these men
feeling unappreciated and disrespected
in the transaction because like it or
not, there is a value exchange that
undergurs any relationship. Just think
about it. Pretty much every fight that
couples have centers around the
perception that one person has been
giving a lot more than he or she is
receiving. And why would that matter if

[01:00]
receiving. And why would that matter if
relationships were primarily based on
love? Of course, people generally
selectively emphasize the value they
give and selectively deemphasize the
value they receive. But this perceived
lack of parody is basically the source
of most relationship conflict. In any
case, when I hear a man tell me that
he's with a woman who just takes and
takes and takes from him, I like to
reframe the problem. Generally, when I
hear this refrain, I respond, "Geez,
that sounds awful, my dude. Do you need
help filing a police report?"
And when they look a little baffled, I
follow up with, "Well, you tell me that
she's taking from you, so I assume
that's against your will and consent, in
which case that's robbery, and you
should definitely go to the police and
file a report."
And you'll never believe this. At this
point, the man tends to walk back his

[02:00]
point, the man tends to walk back his
complaint and clarifies that the woman
in question is actually not stealing
from him.
So why do I do this? In order to refrain
reframe this man's problem so that his
interpretation of the facts is closer to
reality. The problem is not that there's
a woman who takes and takes and takes.
The problem is that there's a man who
gives and gives and gives.
That's the issue. It's really important
for people, men and women, to frame
problems so that they are their
responsibility. Why? Because people are
only able to respond to problems that
are their responsability.
When men frame the problem as a woman
takes and takes and takes, then on some
level, he's perpetuating a perception of
himself as a victim of a woman's
insatiable greed. and selfishness. And

[03:00]
insatiable greed. and selfishness. And
what can a victim really do except roll
over and hope against hope that his
abuser or oppressor is going to stop
abusing or oppressing him, which spoiler
alert very rarely if ever happens. So
the problem is not that this woman takes
and takes and takes. After all, how
would she be allowed to do that without
the man's participation and consent? In
point of fact, most people when given
the opportunity will take and take and
take, especially if the good in question
is presented as being freely offered,
which is typically the case in romantic
relationships, right? Like, why wouldn't
someone take something they want that
seems to be freely given? So, there's
really no point in piling on women for
this one. It's more or less human nature
to take what you want when it's
presented in that way.
The real issue here is that the men in
question are giving and giving and
they're giving things that in their

[04:00]
they're giving things that in their
heart of hearts they don't really want
to give. And this is what leads to the
bitterness and resentment. Now men do
this for a few fundamental reasons.
If you appreciate [music] the insights
on this channel, I would highly
encourage you to get your hands on a
copy of my book, The Value of Others.
Over the course of 432 pages, [music] I
delve deep into my economic model of
relationships and explain the behavior
of both men and women in [music] the
game of mating and dating. I also
provide a lot of actionable advice on
how to get [music] and keep more of what
you want in the sexual marketplace. Once
you read The Value of Others, you'll
never look at relationships [music] the
same way again. Now available in ebook,
audiobook, and paperback formats.
[music] The links are in the
description.
First and foremost, men give and give

[05:00]
First and foremost, men give and give
because they are afraid of saying no to
the woman in question. Now, why might he
be afraid of that? Because saying no can
lead to tears, can lead to tantrums, can
lead to withdrawal, can lead to revenge.
Most people, not just women, don't like
being told no. And if people aren't told
no sufficiently or if they don't possess
sufficient self-discipline, which is a
lot of people, then you may have to deal
with some expensive interpersonal
reactions. Men also don't like dealing
with the emotions that come up in them
when dealing with an upset or distraught
woman, and so they act in such a way as
to avoid contact with those emotions as
much as possible.
When men talk like this, I ask men to
consider what is more important to them.
Preventing a woman from crying
temporarily
or surrendering the resource in
question? Because if it's the former,

[06:02]
question? Because if it's the former,
then that resource must not be all that
valuable, in which case I don't have a
lot of sympathy for the situation. And
of course, if it's the latter, then this
can help men stay more focused and
motivated to protect their resources.
Let her cry. Let her feel disappointed.
She's entitled to her feelings. Just
keep in mind that most women don't
actually cry when you tell them no from
the get-go. They cry when you tell them
yes and then tell them no. Like if you
want to make a baby cry, first give it a
lollipop and then take the lollipop
away. That's going to lead to a bigger
tantrum than simply refusing to allow
the candy to begin with.
Something to keep in mind. In most
cases, when a man is giving what he
doesn't really want to give because he
fears the emotional consequences of
withholding, this is because he is

[07:00]
withholding, this is because he is
afflicted with scarcity mentality to
some degree. That is, these men are not
only afraid of the woman becoming upset,
they're afraid of the woman becoming
upset and leaving. and they're afraid of
the woman leaving because they believe
they'll be left with nothing
and that as unidal as the current
situation they are reluctantly
consenting to happens to be, it is
preferable to nothing.
However, as is so often the case with
the rationalizations that support
suboptimal decisions, this is a false
dichotomy. There are more than two
options here and it behooves a man to
cultivate that optionality in his life.
Think about it. Every successful man is
successful to the extent
that he has been able to cultivate
abundance in his life. An abundance of
friends, an abundance of money, an

[08:00]
friends, an abundance of money, an
abundance of opportunity.
Women are no different. Considering a
man without options to be successful
with women is kind of like considering a
man without discretionary income to be
successful with money.
Now, it's hard, if not impossible, to
fake the confidence and security that
come with abundance. But once you
succeed in securing it, it's a complete
gamecher with respect to your
relationships. As Teddy Roosevelt
advised, you will now be able to speak
softly and carry a big stick.
No need to rub it in a woman's face.
That's just ungentlemanly.
If you have real abundance, she's going
to know. Like, do you think Leonardo
DiCaprio has to remind the women he's
dating that there are actually plenty of
other women who would be happy to be in
her position? She is well aware of that

[09:01]
her position? She is well aware of that
fact and that awareness motivates her to
show up to the relationship as the best
possible version of herself.
True wealth, true abundance is something
that precedes you. As such, it solves a
lot of problems before they even arise.
In any case, I would ask men who seem to
find themselves with women who take and
take and take to examine themselves as
to why they might feel like they have to
give and give and give. Work on your
interpersonal boundaries and keep an eye
on the underlying value proposition
while cultivating abundance. Do this and
you might be able to construct a
relationship structure that you'd be
enthusiastic about maintaining.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that

[10:00]
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know somebody who needs to hear
this episode. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or to book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can find
out more information on my website.
There's also my bestselling book, The
Value of Others, in which I extrapolate
my economic model of relationships, and
my private member community, The
Captain's Quarters, in which, among
other things, I host live bimonthly
group consultation calls. The links to
everything are in the description below.
Check them out if you are so inclined.
They're there for you. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.