[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
get better.
So, this is an episode specifically for
the men. We often hear this phrase in
today's public discourse and let's be
honest, it's typically directed toward
men. Men need to do better. They need to
get better.
Unfortunately, these exhortations aren't
[clears throat] typically very helpful.
First and foremost, better hardly
constitutes an actionable suggestion.
It's a vague moralistic word, which
means that it's grounded in a specific
but often uncknowledged moral framework.
And since it is generally women who are
doing this exorting, you can be
reasonably assured that better in this
case is grounded in a moral framework
that privileges their needs and desires.
Better in these cases is generally

[01:01]
Better in these cases is generally
genderbased preference masquerading as
objective language. Check out my episode
ManU for a fuller exploration of this
idea. But here's the thing. men
absolutely can be better than they
currently are and it would certainly
behoove them to make the effort. So, I'm
here to provide some specificity and
direction to this language so that men
can improve themselves within an
explicitly acknowledged moral framework.
That said, it's pretty difficult for us
all to agree on what's good. This is
because good and bad don't exist in
objective reality. They are
anthropocentric terms and they are
always related to specific if
unacknowledged goals and value systems.
Reality on the other hand is beyond good
and bad

[02:01]
and bad
which is what can make confrontation
with reality so startling. It feels
inhuman because, well, it is. When the
lion eats the gazelle, is it good or
bad? The closest we can come to
answering that question is by putting
ourselves in the place of one of those
actors and making a judgment based on
its presumed values and goals. However,
from the eye of nature, it is neither
good nor bad. It just is.
The upshot is that we have to understand
that the terms good and bad always
relate to a particular moral framework
which is really just a collection of
goals and values. And when that
framework isn't explicitly acknowledged,
it can lead to a lot of pain and
misunderstanding.
Now then, even though it's damn near
impossible for people to collectively
agree on what is good, we are much

[03:02]
agree on what is good, we are much
closer to a consensus on what is bad.
And this in turn can help us identify
certain things that we can practically
consider to be inherent goods. For
instance, no one in the history of the
world, no one has ever seriously prayed
to be weaker, to be poorer, or to be
uglier.
Let's just be real here. No one has ever
wanted to be weaker, poorer, or uglier.
And this suggests that we all might want
to be stronger, richer, and more
attractive.
And so I think we can make an argument
that these three things are the closest
we can humanly get to identifying
inherent goods. That is things that are
always desirable independent of the
given moral framework. And this allows

[04:00]
given moral framework. And this allows
me to be more specific with my advice.
When I say that men can be better, what
I'm really saying is that men can be
stronger,
men can be richer, and men can be more
attractive. That is what I'm saying.
That is my explicit moral framework and
I'm owning that. And I'm owning that for
a number of reasons.
If you're interested in taking your
understanding to the next level, I would
encourage you to check out the Captain's
Quarters, [music]
my membersonly self-improvement
community. Your monthly membership will
get you access to a cadre of
like-minded, supportive individuals,
bimonthly group consultation sessions
hosted by yours truly, and exclusive
content that you won't find anywhere
[music] else. Click the link in the
description for more information. Hope
to see you aboard.
One of those reasons is that I believe
these things to be inherent [snorts]
goods. That is, these things are good in

[05:01]
goods. That is, these things are good in
and of themselves. like it feels better
to be stronger than weaker. It is more
pleasant to be richer than poorer and it
is more agreeable to be attractive than
ugly. That is possession of these goods
directly benefits their owner. Second,
possession of these goods is incredibly
useful.
Men who are strong, rich, and attractive
are more useful to other men and more
attractive to other women, which is a
utility in its own right relative to men
who are weak, poor, and ugly. And make
no mistake about it, these two variables
will influence the quality of your life
more than almost anything else you can
think of. For instance, the quality of
your social network is the primary
driver of your utility to your community
and to society at large. This network

[06:00]
and to society at large. This network
largely predicts the degree to which a
man is able to find his place in the
world, a place from which he can
meaningfully exercise his mastery and
competence. For a man, this redowns to
social status, connection, and
appreciation.
And this will make you useful to other
men.
What's more, being strong, rich, and
attractive will absolutely make a man
more attractive to women. Such a man
will not only be able to attract more
and more attractive women, but he will
likely have more stable and satisfying
relationships with the women of his
choosing. Why? Because frankly, when a
woman perceives a man to be her best
option, she is much less likely to rock
the boat. She will also be more
amendable to residing in your frame,
which will make it easier for you to
direct and maintain the relationship.

[07:00]
direct and maintain the relationship.
Now, you often hear voices in the
dominant culture that explicitly push
back against these goods. These voices
tell us that we shouldn't be so
concerned about money or that it's
superficial to worry too much about
looks or that those who cultivate their
strength are stupid meattheads who are
overcompensating for other deficits.
That is, these voices are functionally
arguing that these things are not
inherent goods because who would argue
against the possession of an inherent
good and that the world would be a
better place if these things weren't so
important?
And I'm here to tell you that you need
to be very, very, very cautious
about listening to these voices. Why?
Think about it. If you do nothing,
do you get stronger or weaker?

[08:01]
do you get stronger or weaker?
Obviously, if you don't exercise, you
get weaker again. If you do nothing, do
you get richer or poorer?
Obviously, if you continue to spend
money, which is unavoidable to secure
your needs in society without making an
effort to generate income, you get
poorer. And once again, if you do
nothing, do you get more attractive or
less attractive? Obviously, if you fail
to make an effort here, you simply
surrender to the passage of time, which
generally makes people less attractive.
These are all examples of entropy, and
they are even more inevitable than death
and taxes.
Therefore, anyone who argues against
actively becoming stronger, richer, and
more attractive is actually passively
arguing for you to become weaker,
poorer, and uglier. And as we've already
discussed, no one ever wishes to be
weaker, poorer, or uglier. So we can

[09:03]
weaker, poorer, or uglier. So we can
very confidently assume that these con
voices are decidedly not in your
interests to obey, not in your interest
as an individual man, and not in your
interests as a member of society who
must contract relationships with women
and your fellow man.
Ignore these people. Now, becoming
stronger, richer, and more attractive
aren't things that happen overnight.
However, if it's going to take a while,
you might as well get started. In a year
or two, you might begin to see real
changes, both objective and
experiential, in the quality of your
life and the quality of your
relationships. And that's how men get
better. They get better by becoming
richer, stronger, and more attractive.
There you have it. What do you think?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its

[10:00]
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can find out more information on my
website. There's also my best-selling
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore my economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly live group consultation calls.
The links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out.
Fantastic value there. And as usual, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.