[00:00]
One thing I like to tell my clients is
this is what would you need from me to
want to stay?
&gt;&gt; What would you need from me to want to
stay? That's a much better way of
saying, you know, how many times a week
do I have to have sex with you? What
would you need from me? Because there
can be character elements in there.
There can be trustworthy elements in
there. Yes, there can be sex in there.
Yes, there can be fidelity in there.
There there can be so many components.
What would you need to from me to stay
together? And and that's ultimately the
question every couple needs to really
answer is if you want if you're the kind
of person who dreams of the rocking
chair love eventually, but you also
don't want to sacrifice passion now,
what would you need from me to make it
the next 50 years? That's a long that's
many many many long conversations. And
if that's what you want, you need to
have many many many long conversations
and and figure out the one person who's
going to do that with you. If you're
looking for the shorter term and you're
looking for a phase of life companion,
you need to make that very clear as well
and have those conversations very
quickly with somebody who wants the
[music] same thing. But the worst thing
you can do is walk into a relationship

[01:02]
you can do is walk into a relationship
with one core absolute desire and the
other person says, "I do not want that."
Then you say, "Hm, perhaps I can
convince you over time." [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that happens a lot. Uh, I I have
nothing no problem with anything that
you just said, but it does remind me of
something that causes a lot of people to
price themselves out of the sexual
marketplace these days, which is that
they want too many things. And I do
think that one of the secrets to having
satisfying relationships is to want only
a few things from your primary partner.
And to get all those needs and desires
met that you can outside of that primary
relationship takes a lot of their
pressure off because and is expensive.
And is expensive. When we say the word
and, we're multiplying probabilities,
which makes them smaller.