[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is is having
a boyfriend embarrassing.
So this episode is in response to a
Vogue article that is currently making
its rounds on the internet. The article
is having a boyfriend embarrassing now
written by Shantae Joseph is freely
available and it's a quick 7-minute
read. A number of you have asked me for
my reactions to this article, so I
decided to put some thoughts together
into an episode, and that's where we
find ourselves today. Too long, didn't
read. My reactions are mixed. I think
the author gets some things right, but
she also misses the mark in several very
important ways and ultimately radically
overextends her argument. Let's get to
it. The synopsis is that apparently
among straight women, it's becoming
increasingly embarrassing to publicly
have a boyfriend in the sense that it's
becoming cringe to display your partner

[01:02]
becoming cringe to display your partner
on social media and or create content
that highlights the milestones of your
relationship. The idea here is that it's
not a good look for women to use their
relationships as the grounds for their
identities and or the bases of their
self-worth. It's eye rolling. And on
this point, I can agree with her. I
don't think that a relationship should
necessarily serve as the ground for a
woman's identity or the basis of a
woman's self-worth. And I also don't
think that a relationship should serve
as the ground for a man's identity or
the basis of a man's self-worth. Like
I'm a big supporter of the individual,
the development of whom requires the
ability to resist easy identification
with external phenomena, including
relationships. And we're obviously well
into the era where women are already
vigorously exploring domains of identity
beyond their relationships, education,

[02:00]
beyond their relationships, education,
career, politics, etc. So, this
statement isn't all that controversial.
However, the article quickly starts to
deteriorate from that point forward.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; The author indicates that the faux paw
in publicizing one's relationship lies
in the desire to straddle two worlds
which I agree with. But the author
identifies these worlds as quote one
where women can receive the social
benefits of having a partner but also
not appear so boyfriend obsessed that
they come across as quite culturally
loserish.
I disagree. Those are not the two worlds
here. Now, you have to remember that
Vogue is a magazine with an almost
exclusively female audience. And the
entire basis of the article and the
ideology in which it participates, more
on that later, is that women who
celebrate and promote, which are forms
of valuing their relationships with men,
are cringe-worthy. So, the author in no

[03:02]
are cringe-worthy. So, the author in no
way, shape, or form, is going to suggest
that anything that women do has
anything. whatsoever to do with men,
which is a pretty conspicuous emission.
Like pretending that half the human race
doesn't exist and that men's attention
and attraction has nothing to do with
the choices that women make is frankly
solopistic and delusional. It's also
just not true.
Women who publicly post their
relationships often do want to straddle
two worlds. One where they receive the
social benefits of having a partner.
Yes. And another where they receive the
social benefits of being single.
That's what they're doing. Relationship
posts, especially as the man in question
is attractive and/or high status, redown
to the woman's own attractiveness and
get her parents off her back. While

[04:02]
get her parents off her back. While
self-focused individual posts like
selfies indicate that the woman is free,
unaccompanied, and center stage, which
can come with a great deal of validation
and attention online. See my episode sex
and attention for more on why this is a
source of power for women and why it can
give them a great deal of leverage in
their relationships.
As if to confirm my point, the author
goes on to observe that when women on
social media come out as publicly having
boyfriends, they often see a significant
drop in their follower count. That's
true, but she seems to argue that the
majority of these unfollowing people are
women who, like her, find the tryhard
behavior go. And that's almost certainly
not true. The ones who leave in droves
after a woman publishes her relationship
on social media are men.
These are men who have been developing a

[05:02]
These are men who have been developing a
parasocial relationship with her that is
based on a fantasy of mutual interest
and connection. They want to see her
from lots of different angles to
solidify and expand that fantasy. They
don't want to look at her hanging off
some other guy in her social media any
more than they say hope the porn
director will devote less visual focus
to the woman. The more the content
focuses on the man, the less interested
other men become in the woman. So women
lose followers when they post their
relationships because in doing so they
shatter the illusion of vicarious
relationship.
Introducing [music] my innovative first
novel, Starry Night. Step into the world
of painter Vincent Van Gogh. [music]
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. Relive
the final 10 weeks of his life in

[06:00]
the final 10 weeks of his life in
[music] this breathtaking tale of art,
love, loss, and meaning. and challenge
what you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the [music] same again. Star Night.
Order your copy today. The links are in
the description.
However, the article goes even further,
suggesting that what is cringe-worthy is
not a woman's identification with her
relationship per se,
but with her identification with
heterosexuality
in general. The unstated implication
here is that her sexual orientation
itself is problematic because it
participates in heteronormativity, which
is repressive and regressive. When the
author quotes someone else asking why
does having a boyfriend feel Republican,
she's suggesting that heterosexuality,

[07:01]
she's suggesting that heterosexuality,
like literally being attracted to men,
is as transgressive or reprehensible as
voting for Trump in a blue state.
The understanding
is a kind of moral imperative for women
to reject heteronormativity
and embrace some form of gender
queerness. Otherwise, they're like
betraying the cause.
And a lot of women listen to this
imperative. For instance, go to any
western city and you'll see plenty of
women who conspicuously and proudly
present themselves as being willfully
uninterested in the male gays,
which ironically requires them to be
very interested in the male gays so that
they don't unintentionally perform for
it. And coincidentally, these women
often seem to have trouble finding a
boyfriend. Like I've read a number of
articles recently in which women lament

[08:01]
articles recently in which women lament
the non-existence of masculine liberal
men
and I think that's because most
masculine men prefer feminine women and
they intentionally keep a very wide
birth between themselves and women who
perform gender queerness.
Now, of course, if women really don't
want a boyfriend or if they're really
not heterosexual,
none of this is a problem. But women
also have to be really honest with
themselves and they have to consider the
extent to which how they're choosing to
present themselves align with their
personal goals and objectives.
And of course, this kind of advice and
the kind of social validation that
apparently celebrates a woman's decision
to remain single could also be like a 4D
chess move to reduce intraexual
competition. For instance, there is an
interesting study in which women were
asked to advise other women how much

[09:00]
asked to advise other women how much
hair they should cut off, knowing full
well that long hair signals femininity
and that men express a preference for
it. And the study determined that the
more attractive the woman getting the
haircut was perceived to be, the more
hair on average the other women would
suggest she cut off. Oh, sweetie, you
look so cute with a pixie cut or so
confident with a shaved head, you could
totally pull it off. And in this way,
outside of their conscious awareness,
women can and do eliminate their
intraexual competition. Though for the
record, I don't think that this was the
author's intention.
She goes on to indicate that it's
becoming more of a flex for a woman to
pronounce herself single. And I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but that will never ever be
the case. And it will never ever be the
case because you can do nothing and
remain single. And the outcome that
requires no effort cannot be an

[10:01]
requires no effort cannot be an
accomplishment. The alternative that
requires less effort will always be
valued less than the alternative that
requires more effort. And being in a
relationship absolutely requires more
effort than being single. Among other
things, being in a relationship requires
that you be sufficiently decent and
attractive that another human being
would want to commit to you and not any
other person on the planet. And that's
actually a flex. And the more attractive
the person is who wants to commit to
you, the bigger the flex. And no amount
of indoctrination will change this.
Finally, the article ends by celebrating
this new trend of proud singleness by
stating that it's quote another nail in
the coffin of a centuries old
heterosexual fairy tale that never
benefited women to begin with.
[sighs]

[11:00]
[sighs]
Okay. Okay. Now, leaving aside the
obvious low-hanging fruit that
relationships with men have never
benefited women, a claim so patently
untrue that it doesn't even deserve a
rebuttal. We can note the insidious
advancement of a political ideology.
An article that began as a commentary on
posting your boyfriend on social media
ends on a rejection of an entire sexual
orientation
on self-evident grounds.
The future apparently is not only
female, that is women alone in their
power,
it's queer. And we get there through a
series of steps that if is full of
logical fallacies and if intended is
nothing short of cultural propaganda.
So those are my thoughts on the article.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this

[12:01]
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know somebody who needs to hear
this. other value propositions. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter, for which I write original
content, or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with me can do so on my
website. There's also my bestselling
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore the sexual marketplace and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly group consultation calls.
The links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out. A lot
of great resources available to you. As
always, I appreciate the support and
thank you for listening.