[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is death of
the lady. I had too much to say on this
subject, so this will be the first
installment of a two-part episode. In
this series, I'll be discussing the
contemporary sexual marketplace, why it
looks the way it does through the lens
of the historical sexual marketplace. We
have a lot of ground to cover, so let's
get to it.
In today's day and age, you often hear
women complaining, "Where are all the
real men? Is chivalry dead? Where are
the gentlemen? The men who are willing
to provide, to commit, to make the
effort? Why can't I find a man who will
treat me like the lady I am? What is
wrong with men these days?" Today, I'm
going to be answering these questions
and more for both men and women.
To begin with, it's important to
understand that ladies do not exist in

[01:00]
understand that ladies do not exist in
nature, nor do gentlemen. Both ladies
and gentlemen are social constructions
and to a large extent social fictions.
They exist within particular times and
places, particular cultures, and they're
primarily defined behaviorally, that is
by what they do and don't do. satisfy
those behavioral criteria and you earn
the right to be acknowledged by others
in that regard. A gentleman walks on the
sidewalk closest to the street. A lady
doesn't sit with her legs spread wide
open, etc., etc. Act in spite of those
behavioral criteria and you lose the
legitimate right to identify with that
group. Sounds reasonable enough, right?
Now, for better or for worse, for the
better part of known history, there have
been only two types of women in the
sexual marketplace. There have been
ladies and there have been prostitutes.

[02:00]
ladies and there have been prostitutes.
I could use another word here, but I
don't want to alienate people in what is
already a sensitive discussion.
Ladies are women who became wives.
Prostitutes are women who didn't. And
there are many different kinds of
prostitutes. High-end prostitutes like
geishas and cortisans, run-of-the-mill
prostitutes like street walkers and call
girls, and even women who don't think of
themselves as prostitutes like
libertines, free spirits, and bone
vivones.
The primary difference between ladies
and prostitutes is that ladies put sex
on the other side of marriage and
prostitutes didn't. By putting sex on
the other side of marriage, ladies
incentivize men to make honest women of
them, meaning these women wouldn't then
have to make a living dishonestly as
prostitutes.
Because in a world in which the vast
majority of women literally were not

[03:01]
majority of women literally were not
allowed to work or own their own assets,
it was either one or the other. Women
were almost entirely dependent on men
for their survival. For the lady, those
men were her father and then her
husband. This was long-term provision.
So, you can think of being a lady as a
kind of career. For the prostitute,
those men were whoever was willing to
pay since prostitutes exchanged their
sexual opportunity for resources and
often directly for money. This was
short-term provision. So you can think
of being a prostitute as a kind of gig
or job.
And ladies had good reason to keep sex
on the other side of marriage. That is
on the other side of permanent
commitment and provision. There was no
cheap effective birth control available
throughout most of human history. If a
woman were to get pregnant without first

[04:01]
woman were to get pregnant without first
securing the provision of a man, it
could be a very difficult life for her
and baby. And what if she were to die?
What would happen to her child?
Remember, childbirth was one of the
leading causes of death in women until
like the 20th century. The obstacles
that prevented women from earning or
owning their own wealth made securing
male commitment and provision a literal
matter of life and death and
functionally prohibited from joining the
workforce. The primary ways that women
could secure those resources were as a
lady or as a prostitute.
Now, as with most things in life, one of
these methods wasn't inherently better
than the other. Like you would think
that all women would prefer to be
ladies,
but that actually isn't the case, as
we'll see. Yes, ladies were respectable
and generally treated better than

[05:01]
and generally treated better than
prostitutes, but being a lady came with
many significant restrictions on a
woman's freedom. Ladies couldn't do
whatever they wanted because, well, not
all behavior is ladylike.
On the other hand, prostitutes, while
stigmatized and marginalized, could
potentially create lives more on their
terms. And both ladies and prostitutes
could be mistreated or idolized by the
men in their lives. Contrary to popular
belief, that doesn't consistently fall
along group lines. Many cortisans have
lived more comfortably than many wives,
though it was rare for wives to slip
through the cracks of society. So, it's
important to understand that I'm using
these terms without judgment.
Introducing my innovative first novel,
Starry Night. Step into the world of
painter Vincent Van Gogh. Genius,
sinner, [music] prophet, madman. Relive
the final 10 weeks of his life in

[06:01]
the final 10 weeks of his life in
[music] this breathtaking tale of art,
love, loss, and meaning. And challenge
what you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the [music] same again.
&gt;&gt; Starry Night. Order your copy today. The
links are in the description.
Ladies and prostitutes, however, have
had a lot of judgment for each other. In
fact, these two groups have historically
hated each other. Ladies hate
prostitutes because on some level
prostitutes are selling sexual
opportunity more cheaply than ladies are
which threatens ladies ability to
transact at their desired price point.
So ladies call prostitutes and
tramps and home wreckers and etc.
in an attempt to make them more socially
undesirable and the men who relate to

[07:01]
undesirable and the men who relate to
them socially undesirable by
association.
On the other hand, prostitutes hate
ladies because they believe ladies are
self-righteous or deluded hypocrites who
think that they are much better than
they actually are. And of course, the
prostitutes also envied the ladies
respectability. And the ladies often
envied the prostitutees freedom. So
there's that.
In any case, this historical animosity
between ladies and prostitutes is a
little puzzling for a couple of reasons.
In the first place, the two groups need
each other. Like they need each other in
a very real way. Prostitutes need ladies
because the existence of ladies creates
the opportunity for prostitutes to do
business. If there were no ladies, then
the sexual marketplace would be flooded
with prostitutes. significantly driving
down the price of sexual opportunity.
Prostitutes satisfy a need that ladies

[08:01]
Prostitutes satisfy a need that ladies
won't right here, right now. And that
surprisingly is why ladies need
prostitutes. This is very important.
Listen to me. If there weren't an
underclass of women willing to satisfy
men's sexual needs cheaply and easily,
well, I doubt that men would long put up
with the lady's nonsense.
What does that mean? In my opinion, one
of the main reasons why gentlemen were
willing to put up with the extended
courtship of the lady and the lifetime
of matrimony that followed was that they
weren't really going to ladies for sex.
There were prostitutes for sex
both before they got married and after.
Ladies were about reproduction, which
obviously involved sex, and the
consolidation of resources across one's
bloodline, which given uncertain

[09:00]
bloodline, which given uncertain
paternity, was a big reason why men
themselves preferred that ladies, but
not women in general, put sex on the
other side of marriage. After all, they
could get sex elsewhere. Why else would
they jump through all the ridiculous
hoops and constraints involved in
courting a lady, especially in a society
where they had like all of the power?
Prostitutes were social sacrifices that
ensured the lady's survival. And that's
a deeper psychological explanation for
the animosity between these two groups.
No one likes being a sacrifice for
someone else's good against their
consent. And no one likes being reminded
of their role in this iniquity.
And of course, the biggest reason why
ladies and prostitutes have hated each
other is frankly they're so similar.
It's like the North and South Koreans or
the English and the Irish or the Hutu

[10:00]
the English and the Irish or the Hutu
and the Tootszie. From the perspective
of like every other culture on the
planet, these groups
are actually more similar than not. And
so they tend to fight bloodily over the
relatively small differences that
individuate them. In point of fact, the
main difference between a lady and a
prostitute is the cost of the
transaction. How much they value their
sexual opportunity. One group sells it
for dinner and drinks or a little money.
The other group sells it for a lifetime
of provision or a lot of money. I mean,
what does a man's status or wealth have
to do with love? But we all know what we
mean when we say a man is an eligible
bachelor, and it's not that he's kind
and likes long walks on the beach.
But wait a minute. If all women were
prostitutes, it would flood the market
with cheap sexual opportunity given the

[11:01]
with cheap sexual opportunity given the
overabundance of supply, right? It would
be a race to the bottom. Well, then why
don't all women just like form a
coalition
and decide to be ladies as a unified
front? You know, kind of like a union to
guarantee higher wages and more
equitable treatment for all. Well, in
the first place, it's because not all
women can be ladies. That is, some women
either cannot or will not abide by the
behavioral restrictions that give that
designation meaning. And there are
certainly women that men would not want
to relate to at a higher price point,
and these women would then be locked out
of the sexual marketplace entirely.
It's also possible for unions to go too
far, which is kind of what happened in
the business world of the 20th century.
Unions grew so demanding and so
expensive that eventually most employers
refuse to deal with them, especially

[12:01]
refuse to deal with them, especially
considering that a lower paycheck for
one worker is still a higher paycheck
for another worker somewhere. It's like
living in a town full of Michelin star
restaurants. Eventually, someone is
going to take advantage of the vacancy
in the market and open up a taco truck,
and hungry diners sick of rich foods and
exorbitant prices will line up around
the block. However, if that taco truck
starts putting on errors and decides it
wants to charge the same as a full
course meal in a sit-down restaurant,
it's going to see its client base
quickly dry up.
Many otherwise good companies fail
because they get pricing wrong.
This is not about business.
In any case, that's enough for today.
I'll pick up the thread of the argument
in part two coming soon. What do you
think so far? Does this fit with your
expectations? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this

[13:00]
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know somebody who needs to hear
this. Other value propositions. Anyone
looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content, no AI, or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore sexual relationships
between men and women, and my private
member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host bimonthly group consultation calls
with a lot of cool people. Check it out.
Links to everything are in the
description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.