[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology
and the topic of today's short talk is
modern women. This is the second part of
a longer discussion on where all the
gentlemen have gone. So, if you haven't
already, please check out the first
installment, Death of the Lady, before
continuing. Let's get to it.
As previously discussed, there have
historically been two categories of
women in the sexual marketplace, ladies
and prostitutes. The main difference
between a lady and a prostitute was that
a lady did not have sex prior to
marriage. And given the very negative
potential consequences for an unwid
mother, there were far more ladies than
prostitutes in the sexual marketplace
for a long time. Women like sex just as
much as men do. But the fear of this
terrible outcome in conjunction with a
familial or social structure that
supported them in their ability to

[01:00]
supported them in their ability to
transact at a higher price point,
meaning that ladies were much more
likely to come from upper class
families, kept many women from
succumbing to temptation.
And her first line of defense was taking
offense at, let's say, ungentlemanly
propositions.
Consider, for instance, how a lady of
the 19th century might respond to a
proposal based on a successful modern
courtship. Let's see. What's a good
outcome by today's standards? How about
this? The man plans a date and puts some
effort into the experience. He picks her
up, takes her out to dinner. Over the
meal, he puts her at ease. He makes her
laugh, asks her questions, tries to
understand their shared values. He wants
a relationship and seems to care about
the woman's feelings. He's clearly
attracted to her, but he doesn't want to
move too fast. So, they go on one date,
two dates, three dates. Finally, the end
of the third date, he invites her in for

[02:01]
of the third date, he invites her in for
a cup of tea, and the two give in to
their desires and sleep together.
So, what's the point? My point is,
exactly.
share this summary with most modern
women and this sounds unproatic,
possibly even desirable. They probably
wouldn't feel anything's wrong here.
However, if you were to share the
summary with a 19th century lady, you'd
end up getting slapped.
You think the price of my womanhood is
three dates? Who do you think you're
talking to? How dare you insult my
virtue like this? Go find yourself a
good time girl in the red light district
if that's what you're looking for.
And she'd kind of be justified in this
response because you were talking to a
lady as if she were a prostitute in that
you were expecting the possibility of
sex in advance of a lifetime commitment
of provision.

[03:01]
of provision.
After all, the man in the summary was
not willing to exchange his commitment
upfront for her sexual opportunity,
which resulted in an insultingly low bid
for her virtue.
But I don't think you'd find many modern
women who saw anything all that
problematic in this summarized process.
And any modern woman who did act that
way is probably a raging hypocrite
because chances are she's not a virgin,
which means that she has already been
willing to transact her sexual
opportunity without a lifetime of
commitment and provision. And that means
despite any protestations to the
contrary, at least according to the
traditional definition, that she is no
longer a lady.
Women today use the word lady not to
signify that they actually put sex on
the other side of marriage, but to

[04:00]
the other side of marriage, but to
suggest that they have a relatively low
body count and that after all, the cost
of her sexual opportunity isn't cheap.
bud. However, as we've already agreed,
it's not really possible to act in spite
of the behavioral restrictions that
define a group and still claim group
membership.
These women have exchanged their sexual
opportunity outside of marriage and have
received resources in return. These
resources probably weren't cold, hard
cash, but they were resources
nonetheless. dinner and drinks, the
thrill of passionate connection, the
alleviation of boredom or loneliness, or
literally dozens of other possibilities.
Ladies do not engage in casual sex.
I can't say it any more directly than
this.
Introducing my innovative first novel,
Starry [music] Night. Step into the
world of painter Vincent Van Gogh.
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. Relive

[05:02]
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. Relive
the final 10 weeks of his life in this
breathtaking tale of art, love, loss,
and meaning, [music]
and challenge what you think you know
about life and relationships. Once you
see through Vincent's eyes, the world
will never look the same [music] again.
Starry Night. Order your copy today. The
links are in the description.
So, what are we to think? Well, if it
looks like a duck and walks like a duck,
quacks like a duck.
Modern women exchange their sexual
opportunity outside of marriage and they
often proudly discuss their low body
counts. They do this because they
believe that their low number means that
they're not prostitutes like some
out there. But that's kind of like a
murderer denying he's a serial killer

[06:00]
murderer denying he's a serial killer
because he's only killed like five or
six times. You want a serial killer? Go
talk to Stalin or Mao. I'm practically a
law-abiding citizen in comparison.
And that of course is absurd. I doubt
the police would be convinced. You're
either a murderer because you killed
someone or you're not. And it would be
strange and potentially infuriating to
talk to someone who has killed
repeatedly, but who rejects the
appropriate label.
All this is to say that there are
functionally no ladies left in the
contemporary sexual marketplace.
According to my research, only 3% of
people who get married are virgins, and
that percentage includes both men and
women. And as I discussed in my episode,
body count, even the absence of
penetrative intercourse does not
guarantee purity or inexperience.

[07:01]
guarantee purity or inexperience.
So I would argue that fewer than one in
100 women can consider themselves ladies
under the old definition in the sense
that they have refused to transact
sexual experiences outside of that level
of commitment.
This means the lady is functionally
extinct.
she does not exist anymore.
This isn't necessarily a problem.
Everything has its pros and cons, but it
does render the gentleman obsolete.
There is no need for that social fiction
without its counterpart. Like there is
no reason for a man to behave like a
gentleman with a prostitute. That's kind
of the whole selling point. That would
be ridiculous at best and wasteful and
dangerous at worst. So that's the answer
to the question that began this series.
Where are all the gentlemen? They
disappeared when the lady went extinct.

[08:00]
disappeared when the lady went extinct.
And it wasn't men who killed her. Women
have proudly fought tooth and nail to
escape the social restrictions that
defined that identity over the past 60
years.
So, what's the problem? Well, the
problem is that modern women want the
best of both worlds. They want the
social freedom of the prostitute and the
respectability of the lady. And that
just doesn't make sense. Like, one
person can't be both a lady and a
prostitute at the same time. If these
designations are to have any meaning
whatsoever, they need to be grounded in
objective phenomena. And while it's
always kind of easy for a lady to become
a prostitute, it's very, very difficult
for a prostitute to become a lady. It is
possible, like the Empress Woo, who
started out as a concubine in Chinese
history, but it is much more difficult

[09:00]
history, but it is much more difficult
than the opposite. So, let's be real.
The standard template for a woman's
behavior in the sexual marketplace today
is to engage in casual sex without
commitment through their 20s and then
settle down into marriage around 30.
That is they want to enjoy the social
freedom of a prostitute for 10 to 15
years and then they want the
respectability of a lady for the rest of
their lives. And unfortunately, that
doesn't make sense to men.
In fact, this is exacerbated even
further by recent dating trends. The
rise of soft life girls and women who
say reject coffee dates and expect
greater effort from men drive this point
home. These women do not complain that
men are expecting sex without marriage.
They complain that men are being stingy

[10:00]
They complain that men are being stingy
with their resources.
Does this sound like a lady who is upset
she is being treated like a prostitute?
Or like a prostitute who is clamoring
for a raise?
Let's do some math. Dinner for two at a
high-end restaurant, 200 bucks. Taxis
there and back, 60 bucks. After dinner
drinks, 80 bucks. That comes to around
$350 out of pocket. So when women today
insist that they only consent to dates
where they are whined and dined, they
think they are communicating that they
are high value ladies who know their
worth. When in reality they are
advertising that their sexual
opportunity costs $350,
which is actually on the low end when it
comes to escorts in most major western
cities.
On some level, this makes these women
both unsuccessful ladies and
unsuccessful prostitutes. They're

[11:00]
unsuccessful prostitutes. They're
unsuccessful ladies because a lady would
not transact her sexual opportunity
outside of commitment. And they're
unsuccessful prostitutes because, well,
the successful ones charge more.
And that's where we are in today's day
and age. A lady is a woman with a
relatively low body count, which means
that she's only transacted her sexual
opportunity outside of commitment a few
times, who expects greater upfront
resource expenditure in the courtship
process. And I think it's fair to say
that this is so far from the original
definition of the word lady that we
probably shouldn't keep using it. though
the residual connotations are certainly
beneficial to the women who have
appropriated it.
And this isn't likely to change anytime
soon. Why? Because a woman who tries to
put sex on the other side of commitment
today is going to be priced out of the
sexual marketplace, especially if she is

[12:02]
sexual marketplace, especially if she is
not a young virgin.
This is because she'd be making her
sexual opportunity significantly more
expensive relative to her intraexual
competition.
And people, men and women, don't pay
more than they need to for any given
good. So such a woman would frankly have
to be so extraordinary in so many other
respects that such a strategy would be
inaccessible to most women by
definition.
And besides, women have shown no
indication that they want to go back to
the way things were. The general feeling
here is that women should be able to do
whatever they want, whenever they want,
however they want, with whomever they
want, etc. The general understanding is
that marriage is a convention that was
based on patriarchal repression of
women. They didn't get anything good out
of that being ladies. And any convention

[13:00]
of that being ladies. And any convention
that restricts modern women's
permissiveness is going to be perceived
as controlling and repressive. And it's
like fair enough. I also love my freedom
a lot. So I can understand why women
would be loathed to dispense with
theirs. Nor am I arguing to go back to
the way things were. They can't. The
genie does not go back into the bottle.
What I am arguing is that we all see
reality as clearly as possible and make
decisions in light of that vision.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
have really helped to make the channel
grow. I know you know somebody who needs
to hear this. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can find
out more on my website. There's also my

[14:01]
out more on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the sexual
marketplace between men and women and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where among other things, I
host bimonthly group consultation calls
with a lot of great folks. Check it out.
The links to everything are in the
description below. A lot of value ad
there and as usual I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.