[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is women
walking away. So, there's been some
chatter on the interwebs recently
indicating that women are increasingly
walking away from relationships with men
and these posts and articles generally
point to the fact that women regularly
report lower relationship satisfaction
than men do as the reason behind that
exodus. Of course, there are all kinds
of explanations for this perceived trend
in the data. Some believe that long-term
relationships fundamentally prioritize
men's desires over women's. Some point
to inequitable housework splits or poor
communication or uncompensated emotional
labor or grief related to unmet
emotional needs. Reading these
explanations, you might wonder if women
get anything out of relating to men.
They give so much, they get so little,
and all of their sacrifices are for the
benefit of the unfair sex.

[01:03]
benefit of the unfair sex.
And on the surface, this sounds pretty
convincing. Like, we don't want one
gender, whether it is men or women, to
be significantly and consistently less
satisfied with relationships than the
other. Like, that's going to create some
problems. Not least of which being that
fewer and fewer relationships will be
transacted, which is actually what we're
already seeing. So this is a serious
complaint.
But you know, I decided to look into
this a little bit more first. As a
clinician, it is sometimes essential to
get information from multiple sources.
For instance, in identifying ADHD in
children, a psychologist needs evidence
to confirm the diagnosis from two
independent sources like his parents at
home and his teachers at school. If the
child is only acting up at home, it
could be that the problem actually lies
with the home environment or the

[02:00]
with the home environment or the
parenting style and not with the child
him or herself. On the other hand, if
the same issue appears across multiple
contexts, we can be more confident in
diagnosing an individual problem. And
this of course is very important to do
with children as they cannot consent to
their own treatment and may end up being
medicated against their will as a result
of being inconvenient to a particular
adult.
So let's apply this logic to the problem
of women's dissatisfaction in
relationships.
It would certainly be damning if we
found evidence that women reported
significantly more satisfaction in other
domains of their lives.
So, what about work? If women are
unsatisfied in their relationships, then
maybe they find satisfaction in their
careers. And you know what? While the
literature isn't unanimous, it turns out
that women report lower job satisfaction
than men do. Well, that's interesting.

[03:00]
than men do. Well, that's interesting.
And of course, there are all kinds of
interpretations for that finding. The
gender pay gap, sexist management
policies, patriarchal organizational
structures, etc., etc.
Well, that sounds concerning. Are men
keeping women down at work just like
they're keeping women down at home?
Jeez, men get a hobby. But then I looked
into that. According to an article in
Labor Economics, forthrightly titled,
"Do women prefer female bosses?"
[snorts] Women report significantly
lower job satisfaction when working
under another woman compared to working
under a man. Men's reported job
satisfaction, on the other hand, was
unrelated to the gender of his
supervisor. So, there's that. And I've
already debunked the gender pay gap in
another episode, so check that out if
you need a refresher.
Okay. Well, yeah, that's just two
places, right? Maybe outside of their

[04:01]
places, right? Maybe outside of their
jobs and outside of their relationships,
women are more content.
But it turns out that women have
significantly higher rates of anxiety
and depression relative to men. They're
also over twice as likely to be on a
psychiatric medication than men are. But
of course, there are explanations for
that as well. It's not that women
actually have higher rates of mental
illness than men do. Women are just
better at asking for help than men are.
They are more open with their feelings
than men are. They value
self-development more than men do, etc.,
etc. And of course, if that were
correct, it would indicate that men are
a wildly underserved population, and
this would merit a substantial
and immediate social action to help men
given they apparently receive a fraction
of the treatment for presumably
comparable rates of illness. But suffice
it to say, that social movement does not
appear to be forthcoming. Introducing my

[05:00]
appear to be forthcoming. Introducing my
innovative first novel, Starry [music]
Night. Step into the world of painter
Vincent Van Gogh, genius, sinner,
prophet, [music] madman. Relive the
final 10 weeks of his life in this
breathtaking tale of art, love, loss,
and meaning. And challenge what you
think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the same [music] again. Star Night.
Order your copy today. The links are in
the description.
In any case, this is just the pits.
Women are less satisfied in their
relationships. They're less satisfied at
work, and they're more discontented on
their own. Perhaps they'd be more
satisfied if they didn't have to deal
with men whatsoever, since men are so
often presumed to be the cause of their
discontent. in which case sexual
relationships that don't involve men
would presumably be the happiest and
most harmonious of all. Right?

[06:04]
most harmonious of all. Right?
Actually, uh it turns out that the
divorce rate among lesbians is even
higher than the divorce rate among
straits.
And it's already pretty high among
straits.
How men might be to blame for that one,
I'm not sure. But I imagine an
explanation exists somewhere. Perhaps
it's internalized homophobia as a result
of participating in a toxic misogynistic
culture. However, given the fact that
the divorce rate among gays is
significantly lower than the rate among
the other two groups, this might be a
tough cell.
You get the point. Let's return to the
original topic. We can now see how many
of the reports of women's lower
relationships satisfaction relative to
men are functionally misleading. It's
not that they're not true.
It's that they all kind of assume that
this increased discontentment

[07:02]
this increased discontentment
is a deviation from the norm. That it's
unique to this context to their
relationships with men. However, we've
seen evidence that this might not be the
case. We see lower satisfaction in women
in numerous different contexts relative
to men.
And this of course suggests another
possible explanation of the data. An
explanation that to my mind has the
advantage of parsimony as this one
explanation could account for all the
observed phenomena we've just discussed.
It could be wild speculation, but here
it is. It It just might be the case that
women
are more discontent
than men are.
I don't know. Possibly, maybe.
And if that crazy idea could possibly be

[08:02]
And if that crazy idea could possibly be
true, it
might not be
men's fault. Perhaps
it could be based on enduring
differences that exist between men and
women like oh god jeez I don't know men
significantly higher concentrations of
testosterone which has been well
documented to increase contentment and
emotional regulation
but
that would be nutty. Um but at least we
can't rule it out completely. So where
does that leave us? Maybe women do need
to walk away from their relationships in
order to determine whether it actually
makes their lives better. If it does,
wonderful. I'm not going to argue that
they come back. I'm concerned about
reducing unnecessary suffering wherever
it happens to appear.
But my hunch is that this is not what
will happen. And that a lot of the
dissatisfaction that women experience is

[09:02]
dissatisfaction that women experience is
rooted in inappropriate expectations.
Women have been sold a bill of goods
about work and relationships. And when
they find that dating and jobs don't
live up to these expectations, they tend
to believe that there is something wrong
with that particular relationship or
with that particular company or with
that particular culture or that
particular worldview in which that
particular relationship or company are
operated
rather than with their unrealistic
expectations.
However, comparing reality to the ideal
of what could be is always
disappointing, regardless of whether the
person doing the comparing is a man or a
woman. And perhaps the difference then
comes from the fact that men aren't
inundated with propaganda about what
they deserve from the time they're
children.
Food for thought. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?

[10:00]
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below.
Please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore the economic model of
relationships, and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters,
where, among other things, I host
bimonthly live group consultation calls.
The links to everything are in the
description below. Check them out. A lot
of great resources for you there. As
always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.