[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is staying
at home. So men and women seem to be at
perpetual loggerheads these days with
respect to this issue. Both sides have
been functionally trying to convince the
other to stay at home with the kids for
decades. Conservative men seem to be
looking for tradives, who I assume are
women who wear frocks and stay at home
to bake pies and raise babies. These men
argue what a sweet deal that is for
women. No awful commute, no frustrating
grind, no managerial obedience, just you
and the most meaningful and fulfilling
thing you'll ever do in your entire
life. What's not to like? On the other
hand, modern women have been launching a
somewhat dubious counter campaign to
normalize the stay-at-home dad. A man

[01:01]
normalize the stay-at-home dad. A man
who cleans and does his share of the
housework. How sexy. He's definitely
getting laid more often than that
selfish, emotionally unavailable
executive who expects his wife to
perform all the physical and emotional
labor around the house. Don't worry
about the social stigma. We women think
it's so hot. So, who are we to believe?
Well, in general, people's behavior is a
much more accurate and reliable guide as
to their values than their words. And I
think it's safe to say that if staying
at home with the kids was really such a
huge good deal, then both men and women
would be fighting for the privilege to
do so themselves.
they wouldn't be trying to convince the
other party to do it. So I think we have
to conclude that in reality neither men
nor women find the prospect of staying

[02:01]
nor women find the prospect of staying
at home with the kids to be all that
attractive which of course goes a long
way toward explaining the modern family
system. Nobody wants to do it. And
maybe, just possibly, that could be
because it's actually not nearly as
meaningful or attractive as either side
makes it out to be. I don't know,
possibly.
Let's get real. Taking care of children
is a very difficult job, but it's a
different flavor of difficulty than the
difficulty people ordinarily experience
in their workplace. Of course, the first
6 to 12 months is a physically and
emotionally draining time, even if the
children are good eaters and good
sleepers, which of course isn't always
the case. But mothers are typically on
maternity leave during this time. So,
we're not really talking about this
period. We're talking about the time

[03:00]
period. We're talking about the time
after the critical infancy period when
women can and are generally expected to
return to work. And there are two real
difficulties with staying at home with
the kids during this period, namely
boredom and isolation.
First, let's talk about boredom. Yes,
when a baby giggles joyfully during a
game of peekab-boo, it can feel like the
most precious moment in the entire
world. But a good deal of relating to
babies and children is repetitive and
vapid.
Children are concrete thinkers who
largely lack insight, depth, and nuance.
And it obviously takes years just to get
rudimentary verbal communication online
at all. and they love to experience the
same things, the same movies, the same
songs, the same stories over and over

[04:00]
songs, the same stories over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over again. This is a big part of how
they learn. However, spending the better
part of Wednesday's day alone with such
a person for months or years at a time,
which is typically what would occur in a
nuclear family, is hardly intellectually
stimulating or emotionally satisfying.
And this, I believe, is a big part of
why parents nowadays ship their kids off
to daycare before they're even a year
old. Mothers, irrespective of whether
they work or not, have become their own
surrogates, at least in part to escape
this staltifying arrangement.
Introducing [music] my innovative first
novel, Starry Night. Step into the world
of painter Vincent Van Gogh. genius,
sinner, prophet, madman. Relive the
final 10 weeks of his life in [music]
this breathtaking tale of art, love,
loss, and meaning, and challenge what

[05:00]
loss, and meaning, and challenge what
you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the same again. Starry Night. Order
your copy today. The links are in the
description.
And this ties into the second great
difficulty associated with staying at
home with the kids. It's isolating.
Now, this didn't used to be the case. It
didn't used to be the case because a
people were having more children, which
basically meant that some of the child
care was forced onto the older siblings
and there was a plethora of
relationships to navigate within the
family unit. And B, more women were
having children earlier. And this meant
that instead of sitting at home alone
with baby, women could get together with
their friends and talk and laugh and
socialize and share the child care. And
I'm intentionally focusing on the mother
here because for better or worse, babies
have never heard of feminism. Infants

[06:02]
have never heard of feminism. Infants
and young children absolutely
need their mothers more than they need
their fathers. This changes as children
grow with fathers becoming hugely
important around the age of seven and
beyond. But mothers are definitely more
important in the first few years of
life. It has been argued that there is a
mimedic dimension to motherhood. And I
think that's right. As I've discussed
elsewhere, women want what other women
want. Until a couple of generations ago,
women wanted to become wives and
mothers. In large part, because that's
what they saw all the other women around
them doing. Just look into any high
school yearbook from the 1950s. At least
half of the women declare that their
goal in life is to become a wife and a
mother. And back then, it wasn't nearly
as lonely to be a mother, even in the
age of the nuclear family. Why? because

[07:01]
age of the nuclear family. Why? because
all the other women you were friends
with were also mothers. So on some
level, becoming a mother was one way
that women could retain access to their
social circle instead of the opposite in
today's day and age. On the other hand,
women today do a large part of their
socializing at work. And I think this is
actually an underagged reason why women
over and above the financial
considerations are loathed to stay at
home. This is where they get to be a
part of something. It's kind of hard to
feel like you're a part of something
when it's just you and a toddler all
day. Now, I do think that a big part of
the whole tradife push is an attempt to
exert a corrective influence on a social
pendulum that has swung way too far in
the other direction. While it's
certainly true that staying at home
isn't some kind of paradise that is as

[08:00]
isn't some kind of paradise that is as
joyful as it is meaningful,
it's also certainly true that for too
long we have collectively idolized going
to work as the pathway to empowered
independence to which every modern woman
should aspire. Remember, most women
today need their employers about as much
as their grandmothers needed their
husbands.
I'll say that again. Most women today
need their employers about as much as
their grandmothers needed their
husbands. So, you'd have to take a
fairly narrow view of self-sufficiency
to see this as an improvement.
My point here is that there are pros and
cons to both. There are benefits and
liabilities to staying at home. And
there are benefits and liabilities to
being typically an employee. And it's
important to consider the whole picture
when making appropriate reality based
decisions about people's lives. Staying

[09:01]
decisions about people's lives. Staying
at home is as much a prison as it is a
day spa. And the real advantage or
disadvantage to anyone here is going to
be the delta between the actual lived
experience of working and the actual
lived experience of raising children.
But do me a favor. Let's stop pretending
that each side is doing the other a
favor by letting them stay at home all
day. If that were true, both sexes would
be fighting to get out of the workforce,
not to stay in it. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
helped make the channel grow. Other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can do so on my website. There's also my
bestselling book, The Value of Others,

[10:01]
bestselling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore interexual dynamics
and my private member community, The
Captain Squarters, where, among other
things, I host bimonthly group
consultation calls and host Q&A with
invited guests from all over the
internet. It's a lot of fun. Check them
out if you are so inclined. The links to
everything are in the description below.
As always, I appreciate your support and
thank you for listening.