[00:00]
We often hear about changing emotions
through thought that you know your your
mind is going to dictate where you go or
have a mindfulness practice. What's the
behavioral way to to attack your
emotions and and work on them?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the most powerful
behavioral interventions as a therapist
is just to behave as if like that's what
it's called. And this is something that
they've been doing for the last 60 years
in cognitive behavioral therapy. So
somebody wants to be more confident.
Okay. So, you ask them, "Well, what
would it look like if you already were
confident?" Like, from the outside,
"What would it look like as if you were
behaving as though you already
confident?" Talk about, "Well, this
that." I'd have my shoulders back. I
would look people in the eye. I wouldn't
be afraid. Well, I can't see that. I
can't see whether you're afraid or not.
So, let's just stick from the outside.
Okay. Well, I'd go directly up to the
person I wanted to talk to. I would be
direct about what I was thinking and
feeling because I wouldn't fear the
social con. Okay, we can't. And I say,

[01:00]
social con. Okay, we can't. And I say,
okay, well, act as if you already were
confident. And the miracle is is that
that's the fastest way to start to feel
confident. Now, of course, the person on
the inside might not have any experience
behaving in that way. And so, he might
feel terrified. He might feel like a
fraud. He might experience a great deal
of what we call cognitive dissonance
because there are parts of him that seem
to be at odds with each other. like the
way he feels about himself is at odds
with how he's currently acting in the
world. But the thing about cognitive
dissonance is that it doesn't last for
very long in the vast majority of
people. It's a stressful state and
stress wants to resolve itself along the
path of resistance. And the path of
least resistance when there's cognitive
distance between how you feel about
yourself and what you're doing is
generally to fall on the side of what
you're