[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psych
Hacks Better Living Through Psychology.
And the topic of today's short talk is
women are dirty.
Now, I don't mean that they're
physically dirty. I mean that women's
minds are full of dirty, dark, and
twisted desires.
To be fair, men's minds are the same
way, but men already have a reputation
for this. Girls, on the other hand, are
presumed to be made of sugar and spice
and everything nice. And I'm here to
tell you that is far from the truth. So,
we can consider this an extension of an
episode I made a while back called every
woman is two women in which I attempted
to explain that every woman carries at
least two personalities inside of her.
One is the public-f facing persona that
she uses when she goes to work and rides
the bus and engages with her friends and

[01:00]
the bus and engages with her friends and
family. And the other is the bedroom
persona that comes to life behind closed
doors. And it's very difficult to make
accurate predictions about the bedroom
persona simply by viewing the public
facing persona. That said, we can make
some reasonable generalizations
derived from psychological truths and
observed behavior at like the population
level. When we look at these sources, we
see that women's desires are much much
more socially unacceptable than they are
typically considered to be and that
these socially unacceptable desires tend
to cluster around fairly predictable
themes.
First and foremost, let's examine what
we might consider the prototypical
feminine romantic fantasy, namely Beauty
and the Beast. Beautiful Belle explores
her Stockholm syndrome kink and falls in

[02:00]
her Stockholm syndrome kink and falls in
love with her monstrous aggressive
captor despite his grotesque appearance.
The conventional interpretation of this
story is that the purity and patience of
Belle's love transformed the inhuman
beast into a handsome gentleman who she
was somehow able to perceive beneath the
surface. It's what's on the inside that
counts, right? But this interpretation
lacks parsimony. It's actually more
straightforward to posit that Belle fell
for beast because he's beastly. It's in
his name. Not despite the fact he was
beastly. Let's consider. We often speak
of nefarious men who see women purely as
objects of sexual conquest. Men who are
solely interested in adding another
notch in their belts, as it were.
However, this is not an exclusively
gendered practice. Women also see men as

[03:00]
gendered practice. Women also see men as
objects of conquest, albeit potentially
a conquest of a more emotional or
psychological variety.
Women can and do desire to conquer men.
And the paramount conquest of a woman is
domesticating the bad, dangerous,
unbreakable man into her pet. I'll say
that again. The paramount conquest of a
woman is domesticating the bad,
dangerous, unbreakable man into her pet.
This is the challenge that women pine
for. They're like horse whisperers on
the lookout for the mustang no one else
can tame. This is the female equivalent
of the challenge depicted in say
dangerous liaison in which Valmont seeks
to seduce the chased and engaged Cecile.
The fact that one conquest is more or
less sexual and the other is more or
less emotional is kind of beside the
point. In fact, because it's emotional,

[04:02]
point. In fact, because it's emotional,
such a conquest is much more likely to
be complete and enduring relative to a
sexual one. And if we understand Beast's
monstrosity to be a feature, not a flaw,
with respect to Belle's attraction,
a lot of otherwise mystifying female
behavior starts to make sense. Belle is
into beastiality. I I mean, I don't know
how else to say it. She could pick any
man in a 50 mile radius, and she chose
an animal. And this, of course, is why
the story has [snorts] to end when it
does, with the transformation of beast
into a gentleman. After all, if she fell
in love with a monster, how long do you
think she'd be interested in a
gentleman?
She could have had one of those from the
get-go and spared herself all the
trouble. Belle has succeeded in her
conquest, but in so doing, she has

[05:01]
conquest, but in so doing, she has
undermined the basis of her own
attraction. So, I don't have high hopes
for the longevity of that relationship.
We undermine the bases of our own
attraction to our own detriment. Just
like Don Juans lose interest in a woman
after they possess her physically, the
bells of the world lose interest in a
man after they possess him emotionally.
They want to tame the bad boy, but when
they succeed in doing so, they are no
longer interested in him. and they
typically have no compunction about
moving on to more exciting
opportunities.
Introducing my innovative first novel,
[music] Starry Night. Step into the
world of painter Vincent Van Gogh.
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. Relive
the final 10 weeks of his life in this
breathtaking tale of art, love, loss,
[music] and meaning. And challenge what
you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through

[06:01]
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the same again.
&gt;&gt; Starry [music] Night. Order your copy
today. The links are in the description.
Now, we have to remember that this
heartwarming tale of conquest and
beastiality is the all ages version of
the story. When we approach content that
is created exclusively for adults, we
see these themes even more clearly.
Romance novels constitute the majority
the majority of best-selling fiction
today with over 60% of Kindle best
sellers coming from that genre. a figure
that is largely driven by the popularity
of romanty books in which romance and
fantasy elements are blended together.
And who are the male protagonists in
these works of fiction?

[07:01]
these works of fiction?
You already know the answer. You guessed
it, monsters.
The most mainstream examples here
typically involve run-of-the-mill
monsters, creatures like vampires and
werewolves. Whereas the choice of
species grows increasingly ultra as you
make your way off the beaten path. For
instance, a very popular example these
days is Morning Glory Milking Farm in
which a young millennial woman gives
hand jobs to minotaurs in order to pay
off her student loans, eventually
falling in love with one of her
bullheaded clients.
Trust me, women's hear me outs are far
far more deviant than men's. But our
society more or less completely disavows
that these desires exist. Speak to them
directly and you're much more likely to
get slapped or hit with an HR complaint

[08:01]
get slapped or hit with an HR complaint
than to find a willing and eager
participant. which is probably why women
are increasingly retreating into a
private world to satisfy them. And this
doesn't stop with textbased fantasies
that they read for the story. For
instance, women's use of pornography has
absolutely
skyrocketed in recent years. Whereas
pornography functionally used to be an
exclusively male space, women now
constitute around 40%
of all consumers of that content. It's
basically half and half. And we know
from their revealed preferences that the
types of pornography that men and women
tend to consume exhibit market
distinctions.
For example, pornography that depicts
violence against women is far far more
likely to be consumed by women than by

[09:02]
likely to be consumed by women than by
men. Hitting, slapping, humiliation,
even simulated rape. These are some of
the dark fantasies associated with the
kind of deep submissiveness for which
women cannot find a socially acceptable
outlet in today's day and age,
especially in a culture in which
describing women as anything other than
powerful and dominant is functionally
viewed as misogynistic.
These desires have not been
extinguished. That's not how desires
work. They have simply been pushed below
the surface into a psychic space where
even many of the women themselves do not
understand them. In any case, all of
this can be understood as a kind of
antithesis to the looks maxing trend in
many male circles today. You don't have
to go to Korea and get a facial to get
laid, my dude. Being pretty and
attractive can help you get girls. Yes.

[10:03]
attractive can help you get girls. Yes.
But paradoxically,
so can being ugly and repulsive. Like
being rough, rugged, burly, beastly,
monstrous, even to the point of being
repulsive,
seems to exert a strange power over
women. This could potentially be an
artifact of sexual dimmorphism. If
prettiness signals femininity, then what
is diametrically opposite to that, in
this case, ugliness, would signal
masculinity.
As a man, you actually don't have to be
good-looking to get women. Though, of
course, it helps. And I'm going to end
this episode by putting a thought into
the minds of every man out there. My
guys, every time you get nervous about
approaching a woman, every time you
think that she is out of your league,
just remember
she has [ __ ] an uglier man than you.

[11:03]
she has [ __ ] an uglier man than you.
So, buck up. What do you think? Does
this fit with your own experience? Let
me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its message
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really helped make the
channel grow. I know you know someone
who needs to hear this. Do your part.
Send it along. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter or book a paid one-on-one
consultation with yours truly can find
out more on my website. There's also my
best-selling book, The Value of Others,
in which I explore interexual dynamics
and my private member community, The
Captain's Quarters, where, among other
things, I host bimonthly group
consultation calls. The links to
everything are in the description below.
A lot of great content there for you to
consume. As always, I appreciate your
support and thank you for listening.