[00:00]
I talk about in the book how every
relationship progresses through three
three phases. Attraction, negotiation,
and maintenance. Negotiation is often
misunderstood. I probably should talk
about it more. It's not like in a
boardroom. You're not going to sit down
and explicitly negotiate the terms of
the relationship. If you do that, it's
kind of during the define the
relationship talk, but that's like
months down the road. If you try to do
that before you even hook up, it's going
to feel really off-putting and weird for
for both parties, most likely. So, what
is the negotiation? Well, I talk about
that in the sexual marketplace, men are
attempting to exchange resources for
women's sexual opportunity. That's what
they're bartering. And so, a lot of the
courtship process is trying to figure
out behaviorally how expensive are you?
And that doesn't mean just the costs of
taking you out on dates and buying you
dinner and drinks. It's how long do you
make me wait? How much emotional labor
do I have to put into this? How charming
do I have to be when I don't feel like
it? How do I have to make you feel safe
and and ready to [music] go when all I
really want to do is have sex with you

[01:00]
really want to do is have sex with you
on some level? So, if a woman is
difficult,
the man has already made a decision that
he wants to sleep with her. And a lot I
I counsel guys against this, but a lot
of guys, they have this sunken cost and
they're like, I'm going to keep doing it
until I get laid because that's going to
kind of justify the expense that I've
already poured into this woman. But then
when it finally hap if it finally
happens, the guy basically measures it
up. It's like, "Okay, I know what that
20 minutes is going to feel like because
I felt I've been there." And so the next
time he's interested in a sexual
encounter, he's going to think of that
woman and be like, "Okay, that was a
good 20 minutes, but like
it cost me $500. I had to wait for 2
weeks. She was really difficult. She
interrogated me on the date. Are you
only here for sex?" I had to reassure
her. She was not funny. I mean, it was
just sort of like that's why women get
ghosted after sex is the guy just thinks
it's noting worth