[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is what
do you want to have for dinner? So in
this episode, I'm going to be examining
some of the ways in which men and women
perceive the value exchange in their
relationships differently so that people
can learn to navigate these dynamics
more successfully. And I thought one of
the easiest ways to exemplify some of
these differences is by means of a
conversation that almost every man has
had at some point with his girlfriend or
wife. Namely, what do you want to have
for dinner? An innocuous little
question, right? But one that can reveal
so much if we choose to look. First,
let's run through the way that this
discussion stereotypically unfolds. The
man asks, "What do you want to have for
dinner, sweetie?" And the woman
responds, "H I don't know. What do you

[01:02]
responds, "H I don't know. What do you
want to have for dinner?" Now, the man,
being a man, takes this question at face
value and typically begins to list off
places that he wouldn't mind eating at.
That's what she asked him, right? But no
matter what he comes up with, it seems
the woman finds a reason to reject his
suggestion. And this of course tends to
make the man frustrated as from his
perspective, not only is the woman being
of no help whatsoever, she is actively
being a hindrance in the service of his
goal. Until finally the man, out of
options and increasingly exasperated,
might suggest a restaurant he thinks the
woman might want to eat at. at which
point she will respond, "Well, if that's
where you want to go, let's do it."
Okay, so have you been in this situation
before? What the hell is going on here?
The issue is that the man and the woman

[02:01]
The issue is that the man and the woman
are approaching the underlying value
proposition very differently. Contrary
to popular belief, both parties are
actually approaching the conversation
rationally in the sense that they both
see it as an information gathering
exercise. The main difference is the
information that is being gathered.
The man, for instance, thinks he's
attempting to gather information on what
the woman wants to have for dinner. And
we of course must forgive him for
thinking this as the question he asked
the woman was, "What do you want to have
for dinner?" The man with his focused
and explicit communication style asked a
direct question and expects to receive a
direct answer on the level of the query.
His expectation is that if the woman
just told him what she wanted to eat, he
could then provide her with that option
and she could then be happy. at having

[03:01]
and she could then be happy. at having
received what she wanted. It's almost
quaint the way men think sometimes. And
this all makes total sense to the
rational masculine mind. And of course,
the man has a point. Like the sooner we
exchange accurate and explicit
information about our desires, the
sooner we can stop talking about them
and start satisfying them, which is much
more pleasant and enjoyable. In light of
this, it can seem bewildering that women
enjoy a reputation for being superior
communicators when they can't apparently
so often find it difficult to provide
accurate and explicit information about
what they want or need.
But the woman is gathering a different
sort of information entirely.
consciously or not, she's attempting to
gather information on what she means to
the man in question, on how much he
values her. The discussion about dinner
is just a necessary pretext, as this

[04:02]
is just a necessary pretext, as this
type of information can be more
accurately collected through indirect
means. In much the same way that doctors
listen to your lungs while making you
think they're listening to your heart
because awareness that they're listening
to your lungs will change the way you
breathe. Women can't really collect
information about a man's valuation
explicitly and directly. And this is
tricky because this indirect information
can be more revealing, but it can also
generate a host of misunderstandings
when women extrapolate beyond the
available evidence.
Introducing my innovative first novel,
[music] Starry Night. Step into the
world of painter Vincent Van Gogh.
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. Relive
the final 10 weeks of his life [music]
in this breathtaking tale of art, love,
loss, and meaning, and challenge what
you think you know about life and

[05:00]
you think you know about life and
relationships. [music] Once you see
through Vincent's eyes, the world will
never look the same again. Starry Night.
Order your copy today. The links are in
the description.
In any case, it kind of goes like this.
It's nice to get what you want. That's
satisfying. And it's certainly better
than not getting what you want or
getting what you don't want. But it's
absolutely
more satisfying to get what you want
without asking for what you want than it
is to get what you want because you
asked for it. This is true for both men
and women. Think about it. The joy of
friendship, for example, is largely
based on the delightful realization that
there's someone in the world who
actually wants to spend time with you.
If you are potentially to one day
discover that your friend never really
wanted to spend time with you, but just

[06:01]
wanted to spend time with you, but just
hung out with you to make you happy,
I doubt you would feel very grateful for
his sacrifice.
It's not enough to get what we want. We
have to feel like the other wants to
give us what we want. This is why one of
the most socially acceptable responses
to thank you is my pleasure. It
completes the fiction that the person
receiving the good is relieved of even a
debt of gratitude as it was the givers's
exquisite pleasure to serve. which of
course makes the exchange feel much
better to the person receiving the good.
It's kind of like the difference between
asking for someone's Christmas wish list
and just like plunking down your credit
card and handing over the shopping bags
and taking the time to find and choose a
thoughtful gift that would delight the
person in question and resonate with his
or her particular circumstances. Like

[07:02]
or her particular circumstances. Like
[ __ ] that sounds wonderful, doesn't it?
But of course, that's very hard to do.
It requires time and attention and
consideration and effort. Which is why
if a man were to do this, he would only
do this for someone that he highly
valued.
Anticipating a person's needs and
desires is the highest expression of
service. Think of a high-end restaurant.
The waiter is going to refill your water
glass before you ask for water. If you
need to ask, it's kind of already too
late. And it suggests that the waiter
hasn't been tracking that table very
closely. And if you're a regular at that
restaurant, the Mater D will know your
seating preference and your favorite
wine and your dietary restrictions, etc.
So, in a way, the women are also right.
They like the men want to get what they
want, but they don't want to get what

[08:01]
want, but they don't want to get what
they want just because they want it.
They want to get what they want and feel
like it's what the men wanted to give
them. I want you to want me, right? And
it's easier to preserve this fiction if
direct explicit communication is not
used. Furthermore, accurately predicting
what she wants indicates that the man in
question has deployed sufficient
resources, time, energy, attention into
the relationship, which provides
important though indirect information
with respect to his valuation. I'm not
saying this is good or bad. I'm just
explaining the situation.
Now, not only is getting what you want
more satisfying when you feel as though
the giver authentically wants to give
you what you want, it also conveniently
relieves you of any obligation to the
giver. After all, if you're just doing
what you want, why do I need to be

[09:02]
what you want, why do I need to be
grateful even if coincidentally what you
want to give just happens to be what I
want to receive? Like there is no
compensation necessary for those who are
doing what they want to do. There is no
sacrifice here and there's certainly no
need to reciprocate in the future. After
all, you were just following your own
pleasure. Right?
All of this is to say that the optimal
outcome in the woman's mind is that you
have deployed sufficient resources to
accurately predict what she wants to
have for dinner. And that this
prediction is presented as being
isomorphic with your own desires, which
increases her pleasure and relieves her
of reciprocity.
Now, this might not be entirely
conscious, but my point is that the
women are right.
All of this is better than simply
getting what you ask for. It's just that

[10:02]
getting what you ask for. It's just that
it requires a lot on the man's part,
attention, effort, and energy that
frankly might be better allocated
elsewhere. Responding in this way is
expensive for men. Which is why when he
doesn't do so, she doesn't feel valued
because that cost is being spent
somewhere else. Right? It's an insult
because he is d deprioritizing her needs
in the resource allocation calculus of
his life. And that's the information the
woman is hoping to gather in this
exchange, which after all might be more
important than what's for dinner.
Of course, this isn't to say that men
should just go around giving women what
they want so they can feel valued.
Far from it. Because to make matters
even more complicated,
women's attraction will likely decrease

[11:03]
women's attraction will likely decrease
if you do so.
W Turns out women are a bit complex, but
that's a topic for another episode. My
work here to reveal the gendered
perception of value in conversations
like this is done. Make of it what you
will.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message. I know you
know someone who needs to hear this
because it's word of mouth referrals
like this that really help to make the
channel grow. Other value propositions.
Anyone looking to join my free weekly
newsletter for which I write original
content, no AI, or book a paid
one-on-one consultation with yours truly
can find out more on my website. There's
also my best-selling book, The Value of
Others, available ebook, audiobook, and
paperback, in which I explore my
fundamental model of economic
relationships.
uh and my private member community, the

[12:00]
uh and my private member community, the
captain's quarters, where among other
things I host live bimonthly