[00:00]
What's the best defense against getting
manipulated? Because we we want to still
have our emotions.
&gt;&gt; Well, the best defense against
manipulation on the first hand is
learning about manipulation. Learn about
the tactics, learn about the strategies,
and you know, forewarned is forearmmed.
And the best way to learn about that is
to study sales. I mean, sales has nailed
it. They are master emotional
manipulators because they do it for a
living. And there's billions of dollars
on the line. And so there are people who
have gotten very good and very dialed in
on all kinds of different sales tactics
and techniques. So the more you study
sales, the more you'll understand how
emotional manipulation works in the vast
majority of cases. So that's one is
forewarned is forearmmed. The second one
is to become more comfortable tolerating
certain emotions. As I discuss in the
book, most people have a thumb screw,
which I define as an emotion that for
whatever reason they find particularly
intolerable to experience. For some
people, it's anger. For example, maybe
they grew up in a abusive household.

[01:01]
they grew up in a abusive household.
Maybe they had an angry abuse, a
physically abusive dad or an angry
alcoholic mom. And so they've come to
associate anger with all kinds of
violence and abuse. And they're
terrified of it. And so they became so
terrified of the anger in their family
that they become terrified of the anger
inside of themselves. And they really
will bend over backwards to not feel
anger. You could some you could push
these people around. You can dunk them
in the mud and like they will fight with
every cell in their body to not become
angry because to them that anger is
associated with these other really
terrible memories and experiences. But
if you were able to succeed in
threatening to like inspire anger inside
of them, they would likely do whatever
you want to avoid that impulse to feel
in that way. But that is only because
that person has those experiences and
those memories and that programming.