[00:00]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
better living through psychology and the
topic of today's short talk is the
reality of modern family. Today I'm
going to be discussing some of the
things I observe in the lives of family,
friends, and clients when they decide to
settle down and have children. In my
opinion, there are many significant
design flaws in the way that modern
families are generally structured. And
these fundamental absurdities must, at
least in part, be responsible for the
observed decline in marriage and birth
rates. Let's get to it.
The archetypal modern family is a
nuclear family. That is a family
consisting of a couple with a child or
two living together by themselves in a
single household. This isn't exactly
new. However, what is novel is that in
the vast majority of cases in today's
day and age, both parents are working.

[01:02]
day and age, both parents are working.
And it's this fact that creates a lot of
the ridiculousness that I'm going to
discuss. Now I understand that this
arrangement, the dualincome household,
has become an economic necessity for
most people. It is now extremely
difficult for one person, traditionally
the man, to earn enough money to support
another person, traditionally the woman,
and children to boot. And people have to
do what they have to do.
But I think it's also important to
acknowledge that this necessity has
functionally come about largely due to
the fact that women have insisted on the
right to work. When women entered the
workforce on mass, it functionally
doubled the supply of available labor
which haved the value of that labor,
especially in sectors and industries in
which men and women can functionally

[02:00]
which men and women can functionally
discharge the responsibilities and
expectations equally. Obviously, it's
more nuanced than this, but this is a
big part of it. You can't flood the
market with labor and expect the real
value of wages and salaries to go up.
And this isn't going anywhere anytime
soon.
Just like this economic reality didn't
emerge overnight. It can't be changed in
any real hurry. Even assuming that women
want to change it, which they don't.
Women only want to be able to leave the
workforce if and when it suits them
personally, which unfortunately makes it
next to impossible for this to occur as
a practical reality. Why? Because these
population level forces are not going to
be affected if and when a single woman
decides she wants to stay at home.
Meaning, this option is really only
possible if her partner is already a
significantly above average earner. And

[03:02]
significantly above average earner. And
this is part of what is driving the
outofont control hypergamy
of modern mate selection. For instance,
about one in six American women today
earn over $100,000 a year. That supports
a $100,000 a year lifestyle for herself.
As a result, she's going to be very
reluctant to start a family and raise
children with a man who only earns
$100,000 a year himself.
Why? Well, assuming it costs at least
$20,000 a year to raise a child, then
that would mean such a man could only
provide a $40,000 a year lifestyle for
the two adults, which is a significant
drop relative to the lifestyle to which
she had become accustomed.
To experience no change in her

[04:00]
To experience no change in her
lifestyle, she would need to hook a man
who earned at least $220,000
a year in this scenario. And only about
one in 30 American men today earn above
that threshold. One in 30 to one in6.
That's a 5:1 ratio, which is what is
driving the social trend toward
polygamy.
That is many of these women whether
they're aware of it or not are sharing
these high earning men while
simultaneously driving down the marriage
and birth rates as most men that is 29
out of 30 men are functionally removed
from consideration.
These economic realities are much much
more to blame for these numbers than any
ideological shifts that pundits claim to
be the problem. Though it's true

[05:01]
be the problem. Though it's true
ideological shifts can and do influence
economic realities. And one of these
ideological trends that is very
prevalent in the west is a kind of
learned terror inculcated into women
over the prospect of being financially
dependent on a man
which paradoxically motivates women to
become financially dependent on a man.
How do I figure? It's just that while
women were traditionally financially
dependent on their husbands, modern
women are now financially dependent on
their employers who are typically male.
And if you actually read if you actually
read the marriage and employment
contracts, it's not entirely clear that
this shift has improved most women's
situation.
Introducing [music] my innovative first
novel, Starry Night. Step into the world

[06:00]
novel, Starry Night. Step into the world
of painter Vincent Van Gogh, genius,
sinner, prophet, madman. Relive the
final 10 weeks of his life in this
breathtaking tale of art, love, loss,
[music] and meaning. And challenge what
you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the same again. Starry Night. Order
your copy today. The links are in the
description.
Are women actually better off now?
Employment is generally an atwill
arrangement in which the employer holds
the vast majority of power and whose
continuation depends on consistently
meeting certain performance standards.
Most women can live without an employer
today about as well as they could live
without a husband a 100 years ago. If
she is fired, the modern woman will

[07:01]
she is fired, the modern woman will
scramble like a war bride of a different
time to latch on to another employer to
secure her continued survival. The fact
that most people perceive this
arrangement to be a sign of empowered
independence is one of the great
bamboozlings of our time. Of course,
women tend to rationalize this
arrangement to themselves as a hedge
against being financially destroyed if
their marriages fall apart. I've already
discussed this perspective in another
video, so I won't do so here. But why
not apply this same logic to their
employment? Like, how many women have a
side hustle as a hedge against their
primary employment falling through? Not
many. Right? So this is a very selective
kind of reasoning at best and a form of
blind ideological allegiance at worst.
The upshot is that if people want to
move forward with starting a family, the

[08:01]
move forward with starting a family, the
majority of them will be constrained
into the dual income nuclear family
model. And this is where we get real
silly because what is really going on
here? What's really going on is that
baby almost from the moment it is born
is handed off to a number of different
industries and professionals. Everything
from night nurses to nannies to
daycarees to babysitters who actually do
the work of raising the children. And of
course, all of these services cost
money.
As a consequence, in a modern family,
the man is working to earn money so that
he can support a woman who is not his
wife to raise his children. And the
woman is serving a man who is not her
husband to secure her desired lifestyle.
I will say that again.

[09:00]
I will say that again.
In a modern family, the man is working
to earn money so that he can support a
woman who is not his wife to raise his
children. And the woman is serving a man
who is not her husband to secure her
desired lifestyle. Okay? And if that's
the case, then we have to ask, why
[ __ ] bother? Seriously. Seriously,
why go through all of these extra steps
just to secure an arrangement that is
more expensive and less fulfilling than
the obvious alternative, namely that a
man works to support his wife in raising
his children and that a woman serves her
husband to secure her desired lifestyle.
Apologies if that sounds like some Bible
thumping neoconservativism. That's not
who I am or what I subscribe to. But
it's kind of amazing that when we look
at the situation through the lens of
economic libertarianism, we more or less
arrive at the same conclusions.

[10:01]
arrive at the same conclusions.
Unfortunately, it's going to be very
difficult for the average man or woman
to be able to afford this kind of
arrangement. So, what's to be done?
Well, men can and should work to become
above average. Like increasing his
wealth and prosperity is not only going
to benefit that man directly, it's going
to allow him to access more and more
attractive mating and dating
opportunities. Men can strive to be the
one in 30 who can replace a woman's
income with no loss in lifestyle. though
whether he actually chooses to do so
once he has access to that kind of
optionality is entirely up to him. Yes,
it's difficult but it's definitely worth
doing.
Women on the other hand have kind of an
easier solution and one that would
potentially correct this problem on the
population level as well. Namely, they
marry older women earlier. That's it.

[11:04]
marry older women earlier. That's it.
Older men are just much more likely to
satisfy the income requirements for
lifestyle replacement. These women will
also have a larger pool of men to choose
from as their own lifestyle would be
less expensive to replace given the fact
that they wouldn't have been in the
workforce for very long. Furthermore, as
young women, they would likely be nearer
their peak sexual marketplace value,
which will also make them more
attractive to more men and help them
secure a more attractive commitment for
themselves. Finally, if younger women
secure their lifestyles through marriage
as opposed to employment, this will help
to correct the marketplace over supply
that tends to make dual family, dual
income families a functional necessity.
From the perspective of logic and
reason, this solution has a lot to speak
for it, both for the women in question
and for society at large. In any case,
given certain economic realities, most

[12:02]
given certain economic realities, most
modern families are functionally private
sector surrogacies.
They're private sector surrogacies. At
which point, we have to stop and ask
ourselves some questions. Questions
like, what's the point? and or well, why
don't we just outsource the surrogacy
completely, which is probably the
direction we're collectively heading.
More on this later. What do you think?
Does this fit with your own experience?
Let me know in the comments below. And
please send this episode to someone who
you think might benefit from its
message. I know you know someone who
needs to hear this because it's word of
mouth referrals like this that really
help to make the channel grow. other
value propositions. Anyone looking to
join my free weekly newsletter for which
I write original content, no AI, or to
book a paid one-on-one consultation with
yours truly, can find out more on my
website. There's also my best-selling
book, The Value of Others, in which I
explore interexual dynamics, and my

[13:01]
explore interexual dynamics, and my
private member community, The Captain's
Quarters, where, among other things, I
host live bimonthly group consultation
calls. The links to everything are in
the description below. Check them out. A
lot of great value there. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.