[00:01]
I'm Dr. Orion Taban and this is Psychax
Better Living Through Psychology. And
the topic of today's short talk is love
and justice. These are two grand words
that represent two very weighty
concepts. I'm not going to be able to do
justice to both of them in such a short
episode. However, I'm going to be so
bold as to present a few ideas that have
been kicking around in my head lately.
We seem to have two very different
attitudes toward these two concepts. We
seem to want love, demand it even, but
justice, well, maybe for other people,
but not so much for ourselves. Many
people explicitly believe that only God
can judge them in the sense that they
believe that no one has the right to put
him or herself above another in the act
of judgment. All humans are created
equal after all. So they say. Therefore,

[01:01]
equal after all. So they say. Therefore,
human judgment is a kind of arrogant
usurpation of God's place which belief
gives rise to all kinds of contempt for
earthly institutions.
And I can see where these people are
coming from. Earthly institutions have a
long history of abusing the power
entrusted to them to execute justice.
And justice absolutely in its highest
sense can be understood as coming from
God. However, the exact same things
could be said about love. Love
absolutely in its highest sense can be
understood as coming from God. and many
abuses have been perpetuated in its
name. My point is that the common
objections against justice aren't unique
to that idea. They can be applied to
pretty much any and every moral good.
But this collectively puts us in a very
strange position. We refuse to be judged

[02:02]
strange position. We refuse to be judged
by people especially because judgment so
often comes with consequences or even
punishments that are experienced as
painful. But we expect love from people.
That is we expect people to be divine in
their capacity to love but not in their
capacity to judge which is very
peculiar. We are collectively saying I
want the good stuff now and I'll take
the bad stuff in the next life if there
is one. And in any case, I'll be banking
on God being a merciful distributor of
justice. Now, this is very interesting
for several reasons. In the first place,
when people begin to love, to truly and
deeply love, we often say that they
become increasingly divine.
It's as if by channeling more of this
divine quality, they become more divine
themselves. So why wouldn't the same be
true of justice, which even the

[03:01]
true of justice, which even the
naysayers contend is a divine attribute?
In fact, that's pretty much their entire
argument for rejecting its earthly
manifestation.
When people begin to judge correctly, to
truthfully and accurately and
dispassionately judge,
I believe that they can also become more
divine. God is multifaceted.
So there is more than one way to
approach the higher power. He's not just
one good quality. He is many good
qualities. And none of the many good
qualities that he is requires
modification.
What does that mean? Well, the justice
I'm talking about here is not social
justice. How could it be? Justice is
good enough as it is. It is not improved
with the modifier. The highest goods are
always words that are diminished through

[04:02]
always words that are diminished through
modification. like love. How would you
feel if you asked your partner, "Hey, do
you love me?" And he or she responded,
"Actually, I'll do you one better. I
love you socially. I have social love
for you."
Would you consider that an improvement
over he or she saying, "I love you." I
think you would be hardpressed to find
someone who would agree. By the same
token, social justice is not an
improvement on justice. Like social love
is a denigration of love. Social justice
is a denigration of justice. And it's a
denigration because it's an attempt to
adulterate justice with a kind of
misguided, limpisted kind of love. It is
justice to a point which of course is
not justice. especially if that point

[05:01]
not justice. especially if that point
can be breached so frequently and with
so little consequence.
Introducing my innovative first novel,
Starry Night. Step into the [music]
world of painter Vincent Van Gogh.
Genius, sinner, prophet, madman. [music]
Relive the final 10 weeks of his life in
this breathtaking tale of art, love,
loss, and [music] meaning. And challenge
what you think you know about life and
relationships. Once you see through
Vincent's eyes, the world will never
look the same again. Starry Night,
[music]
now available in ebook, audiobook, and
paperback formats. The links are in the
description.
We don't like to admit this, but it is
possible for two goods like love and
justice to come into conflict with each
other. This actually happens all the
time and it is the crux of every great
moral dilemma from the Bhagavad Gita and
the Greek tragedies through to the
modern day. Justice is essentially based

[06:02]
modern day. Justice is essentially based
on values and the laws from which they
are derived. It presumes that everyone
from the meanest beggar to the highest
king must surrender to them without
exception. On the other hand, love, at
least as most people understand it,
basically argues that there are
extenduating circumstances.
Let us be merciful. Let us bend the
rule. Let us forego the application of
this consequence. Hasn't this individual
suffered enough? Have pity and soften
your heart.
And this is why love will kind of always
be something of a rebellious antisocial
force. Love has contempt for rules and
order. It will not only love where it is
allowed. It will not only love where it
is permitted. Love is the spontaneous

[07:00]
is permitted. Love is the spontaneous
force of union and so cannot be
constrained by laws. Love is chaotic and
anti-establishmentarianism.
Now, we could make the argument that
love is a kind of necessary chaos that
prevents our institutions from becoming
too rigid or oified.
But we have to make peace with the
understanding that love essentially
seeks exception from established law. I
mean, that's what made the teachings of
Jesus so radical. No longer should we
take an eye for an eye, but endeavor to
turn the other cheek.
And this conflict is amplified when we
understand that love is for individuals
while justice is for societies.
It is very very hard to hold people
accountable to certain laws if you
prioritize love over justice.
Love will always put the individual
above the society. It will ask society

[08:03]
above the society. It will ask society
to make the exception, not the
individual.
But it's justice that keeps societies
together. And as long as the individual
needs society, the individual is
actually threatened, albeit indirectly,
by being prioritized over and above
society.
This is why Socrates drank the hemlock.
He understood that the abuse of power in
his particular case was less important
than the individual's surrender to law
in general. His followers who loved him
urged him to escape his punishment with
many reasonable persuasive arguments.
However, escape would undermine society,
the rule of law. And it may well be that
the average Athenian needed Athens more
than the average Athenian needed
Socrates.
This is an uncomfortable attitude for
the modern individual which is why the

[09:01]
the modern individual which is why the
west is falling apart. We have fallen
into the collective delusion that the
individual or more precisely certain
individuals who are primarily defined by
their demographic characteristics should
come before the law.
that love that seeks exception should
trump justice which is universal.
If you recall this was functionally the
defense for monarchy for hundreds of
years. This is why the Magna Carta was
so important. It was the reemergence of
the social ideal that no individual, not
even a royal, not even a king, is above
the law, is above justice. And the work
of the last millennia has been to
realize that ideal.
However, the last few decades have
significantly undermined that progress.
Now we have multiple cast systems.
Elites who like royals are above the

[10:02]
Elites who like royals are above the
law. protected identity categories which
are kind of beneath it and everyone
else. You see this very obviously in the
Bay Area. There is a growing underclass
of society that is functionally exempt
from all laws. Many people believe that
applying justice to these people would
simply be a form of cruelty. So we'll
let love win functionally allow them to
do whatever they want without
consequences. And let me tell you,
that's not loving it. It's also not
helping them. And it's certainly not
good for society as a whole. It is the
result of a mushyheaded, uncritical
perversion of love that would rather
society fall apart,
which will ultimately endanger every
individual they're attempting to
protect, then hold people accountable
for their actions.
It is completely destroyed with even a

[11:00]
It is completely destroyed with even a
little rational thinking.
If it's possible to approach godliness
with respect to our ability to love one
another, which no one seems to have a
problem with, then why wouldn't it be
possible to approach godliness in our
capacity to implement justice?
After all, justice is also an attribute
of the divine. In my opinion, we do not
need a modified justice like social
justice. We need better execution of
justice. And what justice essentially is
and has always been is equal treatment
under law. Equal treatment. The show has
it wrong. It's not love that's blind.
It's justice.
Justice doesn't see your class or your
race or your gender or your
circumstances. It is the impartial and
dispassionate administration of order.
And while you could possibly argue that

[12:00]
And while you could possibly argue that
the social justice movement is a
reaction against an oppressive or
corrupt form of justice in the past
which inspired a kind of love to emerge
to disrupt this order with its chaos, I
think we can safely say that the
pendulum has swung too far in the other
direction and we will soon be entering
into a corrective period.
What do you think? Does this fit with
your own experience? Let me know in the
comments below. And please send this
episode to someone who you think might
benefit from its message because it's
word of mouth referrals like this that
really help to make the channel grow. I
know you know someone who's into this
kind of stuff and needs to hear this.
Other value propositions. Anyone looking
to join my free weekly newsletter for
which I write original content no AI or
book a paid one-on-one consultation with
yours truly can learn more on my
website. There are also my books, The
Value of Others, in which I explore my
economic model of relationships and
Starry Night, my first novel that
explores the final weeks of painter
Vincent Van Gogh and my private member

[13:01]
Vincent Van Gogh and my private member
community, The Captain's Quarters, where
among other things, I host bimonthly
group consultation calls with a
wonderful group of people. Lot of value
there. Check them all out if you are so
inclined. The links to everything are in
the description below. As always, I
appreciate your support and thank you
for listening.