[00:14]
Greg: David Spinks, welcome to the show.
Greg: For those of you who do not
know David Spinks
he's the author of The Business of Belonging,
which is my go-to community book and a must read.
He was, you know, the founder of C M X, which is a
community company, events, services business
that got acquired by Bevy, and now he is
from a sabbatical, which. , I want to start there.
You took, you took some time off. What did you.

[01:04]
David: Well, I learned that sabbaticals
are dope. First of all, uh, highly
recommend taking a sabbatical. I mean, I,
I think like one thing you learn is that
burnout is something that you aren't always
totally aware of in the moment. Or you might
know that you're tired or you're exhausted,
um, but you don't really know the extent.
It's the kind of thing that like, until you stop
everything, like you put everything down and.
Get back in touch with yourself in the present
moment. Only then do you realize exactly how
empty your tank is. And so like, I was
like, yeah, you know, I was, I was still
kind of hustling and getting stuff done
and working hard and like, you know,
I, I don't know that I would've told
you that I was burned out before.

[02:02]
I stepped down from C M X and from Bev
and started my sabbatical and then,
and then I did sabbatical and I turned off social
media. I didn't use social media for months. I
turned off email. I didn't have any meetings.
I didn't do anything for work. I didn't write,
I did nothing. and I started
feeling better slowly.
It ultimately took me, I think a whole
year to get back to a hundred percent,
but started feeling better. And
you just start to realize like,
Oh, shit. Th this was an option to feel
this way. Like you didn't even know that
you could feel better. Right. Because
you all, all I've known for 15 years now
of, of cranking on startups and business
is like, I, I've only known that mode.
And so it kind of just, I think the
biggest thing I learned is that there are

[03:01]
other states of living, and you probably
don't recognize it if you've been doing
the same thing for a long time. And a good
way to, to find it is to drop everything.
Greg: taking a year off is goals for a lot
of people, but for people who don't have
a year to take off, how do you take
off some time, recognize that you're
burnt out and then deal with it and Yeah.
What, what, what advice do you have there?
David: like from a financial perspective,
I understand not everyone can take that time off.
You know, my wife and I saved a lot of money,
over our career and so, you know, we just are
using our savings. My wife took the last year off
as well, so we kind of did a sabbatical together,
moved across the country, had another baby.
So there's like a lot of
other factors in there for us.
Um, of course, like any, anything you can do
to step back and create space is always gonna

[04:02]
be good for you. And if you can't do a year,
but you can only do a week, do a week, um,
I would say that. For most people, you can take
more time off than you probably think you can.
I think a lot of people say like, I can't
take even a day off. I can't take a week
off. Like there's too much to do.
You can , you can, you'll be fine.
Um, especially if you're at a company
that has vacation time. Like take it.
If you have unlimited vacations, I'm great.
Take unlimited vacation , you know, put it,
put it to use and, things will not fall
apart even though you think they will.
Um, right. Like a big, a big thing that,
you know, I I was struggling with was,
this is my baby, it was my company, C M X and a
team that I love to work with. And I was like,
you know, what's gonna happen to the company
after I leave? And you know, there, there's,
there's like a lot of ego in that right
to, to think that, um, it's all about me.
but I've, I've just been so used to being
the leader of the company for so long. It's,

[05:02]
it's hard to imagine it without me. , but stepping
back and, and this happened in small ways,
when I would take time off, it created
space for other people to step up. It
created space for new leaders to form.
It created space for other people to
figure out what to do without me there, and
a lot of really good things came out of it.
So even leaving for a few weeks or
a month and then coming back, you,
you might find that you're coming back to
a more sustainable situation because it'll
be a, it'll be a lesson that it doesn't
have to all fall on you. You don't have
to do everything. You have really great
people around you who can step up and help.
Greg: What about leaving a community? you
know, so there's a lot of people here who
manage communities who are listening to this, who
manage communities or even just manage audiences.
what do you do when you're starting to feel a
little burnt out and you need to take a step back?
David: the challenge with the community
is you feel like you don't wanna let the

[06:05]
community down. Um, maybe you'll feel like the
community will suffer if you're kind of the
active leader of it and, and you're gonna step
away. or, or you might feel like you're gonna
lose trust. I think that's something that a, a
lot of community people struggle with is like,
I can't leave my community, my com What
are, what will my community members think?
Um, if I'm not even willing to show up,
then how can I ask them to show up? Right.
and those are all valid feelings
and I've experienced them.
It's, it's all the more reason to be building
up a team around you in, in a more sustainable
system. If your community revolves all around you,
that's probably a red flag to begin with that.
it's overly centered on, on one person and
you're not creating more of a distributed sense
of connection and responsibility and leadership.
So I think you have an opportunity there to make

[07:01]
your community something that can and should live
on without you. two, I think like you're human
and communities will always gravitate towards
leaders who are human and honest and direct.
And so if you tell your community that you've
put your heart and soul and blood, sweat,
and tears into this community and you're
starting to feel burned out and that you're
gonna need to take some time to yourself.
Any community that wouldn't be supportive
of that is probably not a community
that I'd wanna be a part of, right?
People who hear that experience
will be able to relate to it,
will be able to understand it, will be, will
be grateful for everything that you've put
into the community and will want you to take
the time and refill because, you know, you,
you have to bring the best version of yourself
to your community if you wanna be a great leader.
So taking a month off, taking time off, um, to be
able to come back stronger is, is a good thing for
the community. And if you really feel like it's
time for you to move on, it's time to hand off the
reigns to new leadership. It's time to transition.
Um, then that's gonna be the best thing for the

[08:02]
community as well, because you staying on as
a leader, um, when you don't have the energy
anymore, when you don't have the heart for it
anymore, when you're not able to give it your all.
Um, and you're, you're suffering your burning out.
It, it's not gonna serve the community well. It's,
it'll be much better to then hand
off leadership to the people who,
are gonna bring that energy and, and that ability
to, to stay really focused to the community.
Greg: So I came across this product today called
Atris, A T R I S. Their tagline
is an AI community manager.
David: Mm-hmm.
Greg: community manager. So I'm just
on their, on their website. I'm gonna
tell you a little bit about what it
does, and I'm curious if you think,
yeah, I'm curious if you think like it could
help in moments of, you know, community manager
needs to step out for a bit and, or just even
if you have a community manager, enhance it.

[09:04]
So here's what it says. It says the
problem, so it works with Discord and Slack,
and it says when a customer joins your
Discord, but Discord is a noisy platform
and it's hard to find good information quickly.
A confused community member is much more likely
to churn. Uh, in addition, it's hard to
find links to documentation, tweets, blog.
what they do, how it works, you add training
data. So Atris scrapes data from Slack,
discord notion. Basically places where you
have data, they also monitor it. So if you
like add new notion pages, it gets added.
You connect a bot, so then you connect,
like it's basically a discord, slack bot. Then
your community members could ask it anything.
So it's basically like, I don't know if
you've seen, like Shopify has now an AI
assistant in their shop app. Instacart has a, like
an assistant. and then the use cases it says like

[10:03]
developer communities, fan audiences, video game
tournaments. Anyways, I'm curious what you think
about using AI and something like this to help
community managers run sustainable communities.
David: Yeah, absolutely. I think it's. I
was gonna pitch you on starting a community
manager bot product, but I guess they
already built it. So, uh, it's one of,
you know, I've been keeping this long notes list
of ideas of things I wanna build over sabbatical,
and that's been one of them. I, I, it
means it makes perfect sense look like
there are things that humans are
really bad at that we're not built for.
and one of those things is being able to hold
and process really large amounts of data,
to be able to pull out the right data at
the right time for the right information,

[11:01]
for the right needs, rather. So for a
community's a really good example and
any community manager knows this experience
where like, break this down into like jobs to
be done or specific problems that that occur,
one is somebody comes to a community and.
Um, a few things might happen. One, they might
be afraid to ask any questions cuz they're new
to the community. They don't wanna ask the same
question that's been asked before. They don't
know the social norms, so, um, they wanna
start learning, they wanna start engaging,
but it's a big leap to post in a community,
especially a large established community.
and so, uh, they might not at all, right? A
bot can help with that because it creates a
very simple, easy way for them to ask
a question and get an answer to that,
to that question without having
to interact with other people,
which will help them become more familiar with the
community, with the social norms of the community,
with the basic questions that they might ask
that will lead them to the point where they can

[12:02]
be more comfortable asking a question the same
way they might go read all of your help docs
and search your website, and like they have
to do all that work to get that information.
A bot can make that easy. Right. Number two, they
might go ahead and post a question, but yeah,
it's the same question that's been asked a
thousand times by every other person who,
who joins a group, right? Like in C M
X, the amount of times that someone's
come in and just been like, Hey, how do
you grow engagement in your community?
It's like so broad that it's impossible to answer
it. We've seen it a thousand times. Or like, Hey,
what platform should I use for my community?
It's like the same thing over and over and
over again. And regular members will
get pretty tired by that. Great. A
bot can help eliminate that. Cuz if a bot
can help answer, you know, the, the top.
Hundred most commonly asked questions, then that
will lead your members to ask more specific,
more nuanced questions, go into more detail, and
that will lead to better conversations as well.

[13:00]
Um, and then on, not just on the content side,
but on the, you know, think about it as like the
c r M side. So every community, especially,
you know, really large communities will have
thousands and thousands and thousands of members,
and every community manager knows this question,
Hey, who, who should I talk to about, um, building
engagement for, uh, direct to consumer products?
Okay, well let me see, let me rack
my brain for the 10,000 people in,
in my Discord or Facebook group and think
about like who's the exact right person who
has experience with this, maybe who's like
based in your region, who, um, you know,
is at the right experience level, right? And
like, I just have to pull this up from my head.
And so what we end up doing as
community managers is we create
these shortcuts in our heads and we
kind of have our go-to people. And so,
um, you know, if someone asks me for a specific
recommendation, I'll either have that go-to person
and I keep sending everyone to that same person,
which is one really overwhelming for that person.
And two, doesn't give other people the opportunity
to help. So it's not very inclusive in that way.

[14:05]
Or I just won't have an answer. I'll
be like, I, I don't know. Honestly,
I can't think of a person off the top
of my head to introduce you to, um,
maybe you should just post in the community and
ask, and maybe it finds the right person, right?
But this is exactly what, uh, AI bot can
help with because it can take literally
the c r m of your community. It can organize
and categorize. Everyone in the community,
not just based on like tags and stuff like
that, but it can look at all the content
they post in the community and know, okay,
this person's a good expert in this topic.
This person's an expert in this topic. And so
imagine if you could go to a bot and say like,
Hey, I'm hoping to meet someone with, you
know, that can help with A, B, and C. And
the bot can say, great. Here's, you know, five
people in the community that are active that
have expressed interest in helping
other members on these things.
Uh, let me know if you want to connect with one
of them. You say yes, and then the bot goes to
that person and says like, Hey, this new member
joined. They specifically asked about A, B, and C.

[15:03]
Um, you're somebody who's has a lot
of experience with this. Would you
wanna connect with 'em? Yes. They
say, yes, great bot connects them.
Awesome. That's gonna do that a thousand times
more efficiently than any human community manager.
We'll ever be able to do. So that's just like
two examples. And I think there's a lot more
where actually bots are gonna be much better at
large scale community management than humans are
Greg: I mean, this is gonna be a, this
is a tough conversation to have, but
you know, I feel like if anyone,
I can have it with you. You know,
it's fast forward five years from now, do we even
have large scale communities that aren't. Managed
by these bots? Like is the, is the greatest
community manager of a large community a bot?
Or is it a human?
David: Might be a bot. It might be a bot.
So I,
Greg: you know,
I'll, I'll, I'll, be honest.
David: yeah. Well, what do you think
Greg: I mean, it's, it's,
it's a bot. It's a bot in the

[16:02]
sense, because, first of all,
the bot is unbiased. Meaning
David: Well,
Greg: it's more unbiased than a human being.
David: sure. It, it has collective
bias from all the human beings.
Greg: Yeah. it's okay. Human beings are extremely
biased, even if it's subconscious based on
where they grew up. , uh, what language
they speak their experiences in life,
You know, the, the biases in
a bot would be if, you know,
the human who is behind the bot essentially, codes
it in a way that, inject some of those biases.
But my thinking is if you compare a bot
to a human being, I think a human being

[17:04]
has way more biases than a
bot. So that's one thing.
David: True.
Greg: Second thing is what you were describing
around like essentially a community manager,
like having this internal Rolodex that
they're just sort of going through,
like it worked for small groups of
people, like how human beings were
designed to like carry out community,
like small pods of people essentially.
Not these mega
discord or slacks or whatever where you have tens,
sometimes hundreds of thousands of people in there
David: Yeah. No, it breaks.
Greg: breaks.
David: Okay, so there, there's
also a difference between,
you know, if we could suss out the, the
question into, into more specifics, like,
who's gonna be running the community? Bots
are humans. Well, um, there are aspects,
there are large aspects of the communities
that I think are gonna be run by bots.

[18:03]
And we described a couple examples there.
There are things that bots can't do,
um, or won't be as good at. Like,
I don't know that a bot is going to
build the community from the ground
up. It's like recruiting people,
um, will be hard because that's, sure. It
could optimize email outreach, which is weird.
Imagine just like a bot going out there
and just emailing lots of people. Like
it'll probably happen. Um, but it's not
gonna build relationships in the same way.
definitely not if it's being transparent
and it's saying it's a bot. If you don't
know it's a bot, then maybe it can still build
relationships to some stand to some extent.
But I think growing the
community will be hard. I think,
creative collaboration will be hard.
Like a bot is good at summarizing,
and it c it can even be creative to
some degree of, but it, it's limited

[19:02]
by what's existed before if you wanna get people
together to be ideating on something new, right?
Like if, if we ask Chad g p t right now,
how do you measure a community? Its answer
is gonna be based on the best answers to
this point on how to measure community.
it's not going to come up with a new way
that we haven't really thought about yet, I
Greg: Yeah, no, not yet.
David: right. Not yet. Yeah.
There, there are layers that we might get
to. Um, but so like there are things that
humans. Will always come together for, and,
and the actual conversation is gonna be humans.
So one, one thing that's fun to think about, is,
we talk a lot about like leaderless communities.
How like, oh, it's, it's kind of like
a kind of one of those bullshit utopian
community things that people say like
a perfect community has no leaders.
Um, which like, I don't know,
I don't think that's true,

[20:02]
but Ima like a, a bot might actually be the most
efficient way to get to that point where Yeah,
a community is literally all about the members
cuz the leadership, the facilitation, the
introductions, the sourcing, the right content,
the moderation, all that can be done by a bot.
It's the actual conversation and interaction
and relationship building that the bot's not
gonna do. And all the members can do that. Like
if you go to any community that's like, sure,
the leader could be facilitating conversations,
but once a community's organically growing
and running, it's the members having those
conversations, building those relationships.
So maybe the best way to get to a true leaderless
community is to make the bot the leader.
Greg: maybe, maybe here's where I think
humans still have the edge on, on bots, so
you know, being in a slack, being in a discord,
something like that. Text-based
communication, that's like a low,

[21:02]
low resolution conversation versus let's
say, sharing images or sharing vi video
or, uh, having live video or being in
person, uh, with a lot of people, you know.
So I think think of it as a spectrum,
like the lowest level is just like,
essentially messaging back and forth. And a human
being is, is incredible at being in person and
drawing upon personal experiences to create that
connection that, really helps with community. So,
good news, community managers,
you're gonna outperform
10 on 10 on that because you'll be able to, let's
say you're, you know, you're, you're hosting a.
You know, a yoga community,
um, and you're doing like,
hot yoga with 10 other people. You can be
like, hot yoga, save my life. I used to be

[22:04]
a meth addict and now I'm doing hot yoga and
it changed my life. And a bot can't say that.
David: No bot that I know.
Greg: My bot not yet,
David: Not yet until bot,
until bots start doing meth and
falling in love with high yoga, uh, . I love,
love the example. You're right, right? Like,
you know, bots don't have trauma and humans
connect around trauma. They connect around
those shared experiences and Yeah, like
in person, bot can't do in person, right?
Not yet. Um, the more, the more
human traits come into play,
the less the bot will be able to provide that.
Even like, I mean, we already know, like Zoom
feels less human than talking
in person because there's all.
Little subtle things about how we interact.
Like right now, I can't look you in the eye.

[23:00]
I can look at the camera, I can kind of
look you in the eye, right? But like,
I can't look you in the eye. So we're actually
on a chemical level, not able to connect on the
same way that we're able to in person. And there
there's a chemical reaction that humans have. Uh,
when we are together in person, when
we can touch, when we can smell,
when we can see each other, when we can
look each other in the eye, when we can hug.
Like these are things that bots
are not gonna be able to do.
I mean really like at the end of the day, we're
in communities to connect with each other,
to feel heard, to feel cared for, to uh, feel
like we're not alone. And I don't care how good
a bot this is. Why before I was like, well, it
depends if the bot tells you it's a bot or not.
Cuz it can use all the exact words that a human
does. But the very knowledge that it's a bot
will undermine any sort of relationship
that you can build with it.
Greg: It's gonna, it's gonna tell you it's a bot.
yeah. I hope, um, you ever see
the, you ever see the Jetsons

[24:05]
Two interesting things about the Jetsons,
um, regarding bots. So, Rosie from the Jetson,
she was like the mechanical maid. First is
She never called George and Jane by their first
name. , she always called them Mr. And Mrs.
Jetson or Mr. And Mrs. J, which lesson there
is like your bot. Of course you're like,
it was programmed to do one of those two things,
either calling it Mr. J, Mr or Mrs. J or Mr. Or
Mr. Mr. And Mrs. Jetson. So human beings are
just like better at knowing like the context.
and especially with like human, you
know, looking at someone's crying,

[25:00]
looking if someone's laughing and based
on that reacting in an interesting way.
So that's one thing, uh, which
is interesting. The second is
her antenna always flashes and beeps at the
start, at uh, and the end of her sentences.
So every time she would say something like
Clock. the antennas would go. And it's another
example of how mechanical they make Rosie out
to be. How she's like, basically just coded.
and I think that's another issue with, with bots
in general, like that's the, that's the con of
bots is that, it's very difficult to get them
in an I R L setting to act a bit differently.
Also, I just wanted to bring up the Jetsons.
David: Take every opportunity
I can to bring up Elroy.
Um, yeah. So, but like, these are thi
these are choices that people made,

[26:00]
right? To build rosy that way. And so you would
hope that people who build bots will build bots
that always make it clear that they're a bot. But,
you know, if someone chooses to build a bot and,
and not have it tell people that they're a
bot and it just says, you know, send out,
I, I, I went through on my newsletter like
an example of can a bot build a community?
Like what would it look like for a bot? And
I had it do all these tasks that I would do
if I was launching a community. So I had to
identify potential members, I had to identify
potential leaders to bring in, to do q and
as I had it, write the email to invite. To
like recruit people to join the community and
try to make that as compelling as possible.
And it did a pretty damn good job of writing
an email that sounds compelling, that like,
it made it sound like a, i i I use a tree
community. Um, and, and where everyone pretends
to be a different kind of tree. And it came up
with all these great tree puns and it like talked

[27:04]
about the mission and the values of the tree
community and how we all speak a tree langu.
Like it came up with some stuff that I'm
like, this actually sounds like a I don't
know if everyone would be interested in
it, but it sounds unique. Like people
who are into it would be really into it.
And so like a bot can send out a really
compelling recruiting email. A bot can send
out a really compelling onboarding message.
A bot can start really interesting
conversations. It can do pretty
much all the things that a human would do when
launching and managing an online community and.
Would you know that it was a bot? May, like,
sometimes you can tell, sometimes you can't.
so if someone chose to build a community and
have the bot not tell people that it's a bot,
I, I think that a community would
still form and we would never know.
Greg: Yeah, I think the ethics
behind, is this a bot or not? I think

[28:01]
if the bot makes the de the decision to like
send the email, then to me the ethical thing
to do is to be like, this was sent by
a bot, but if David Spinks is behind,
you know, chat g p t in the sense that
he put it, you put, you prompted it,
you looked at it, then you might've changed
a few words, you edited a few things.
And even if you didn't edit, you just
like copied and paste, but you're like,
I proofread this. Then I think ethically it's
okay, uh, to be like, it's me, it's David Spins.
Um, just like it's okay to like, if you're
going from point A to point B on a car,
um, like that's kind of like a mechanical
thing, helping you get somewhere quicker.
David: Different
Greg: How's it different?
David: Well, my GPS isn't like how
I'm crafting my identity. , you know,

[29:04]
your words are who you are. It's how
you're presenting yourself to other
people. It's how you're building
relationships. So, you know,
Greg: let's say you publishing on spell check and
you have spell check. Isn't it a similar
thing? Like what's the difference between
David: similar, like it's a spectrum on a,
on a, you know, if you look at it as, as a,
as a kind of grid, you know, on, on one side
of the X axis you have. Google Maps and on the
other end you have a full on, you know, her
style robot. There's a spectrum there. And,
and using Jet Chat g p t to write an email
on your behalf, and not saying it is probably
closer to the, her end of the spectrum
than the Google Maps end of the spectrum.
Greg: you were running Apple, let's say, you
know, would you make it so that if you know

[30:04]
every email you sent, if it was edited with chat
G B T, it would have some sort of disclosure,
David: So like, I'm not, I'm actually not
sa I'm not saying that it's wrong for,
you know, Greg to useche G P T to get a
client to pay their bill. You know, it's, uh,
it's okay to do that because I think
that you're still reviewing that and
you're making the choices say like,
these are the words I choose to send.
You're making that choice. I
don't think that's unethical
for you to use chat G B T to give you the words
Greg: for the record there, you know,
you're referring to how I recovered
$109,500 from a client who wasn't responding
to our emails, and I used chat g p t to do it.
what I didn't post in that thread is that I
drafted the, the email I, well, I prompted.

[31:04]
I got that, uh, I edited a couple things.
I actually sent it quickly
to my lawyer. I was like,
is this like a good collection? And she was
like, it's perfect. She, she didn't, she had no
David: Review.
Greg: yeah, no comment. Sent it.
David: Yeah. So, so, yeah. You
know, even if you didn't do that,

[32:04]
you, you were still the human reviewing it and
it's, you, you're sending it under your name
and you chose to go ahead with those words.
So, you know, I don't think it's unethical
anymore than, I don't know, is using a ghost
writer unethical, um, may, maybe that's even
more unethical cuz you're like kind of using
someone else's creativity to write on your behalf.
Um, but like a bot just giving you the words
to use It's great. And, and going back to the
community example is, is actually I think really
good for us as community builders cuz the amount
of emotional labor that we have to take on
to manage communities. Like when I have a
situation in community where I have a member who
is, I have members who are fighting each other,
or I have a member who's really angry at
me or at our business and I have to, uh,
deescalate conflict or I, I have to, Respond
to someone who's really upset with me.

[33:02]
That takes so much emer emotional
energy to come up with the right words,
to thoughtfully engage with people and community
professionals, community builders, we have to do
this day in and day out. And that, that, those
are the most extreme ones, but even small ones,
you know, someone who's having a hard day
and we want to give 'em the right words.
Um, someone who's having a challenge at
work and you wanna give them something
very practical. It's just a lot of energy
that's constantly going into helping community
members. And that's another thing I did in the
newsletter example. I had chat, G P T. Respond
to, um, someone who made like a vulgar comment
in the community, and it was really good.
Like it was maybe better than what I would've
written to moderate a community. When a, when a
member violates the rules and says something
offensive and great, now I can take that,
edit it a little bit, and I didn't have to
spend half an hour perfectly wording this

[34:01]
highly emotional piece of text. Now, now I can, as
a community builder do this much more sustainably.
Greg: also, like you're the goat of community.
So the fact that you, who has so much experience,
you know, being a part of hundreds if not
thousands of communities and seeing it firsthand,
get something back from a robot
that's like really good, if not
maybe even better, that we can come
up with quickly. I think quickly is,
is, is is the important piece cuz like, yeah,
maybe if you spend 30 minutes like drafting it,
it would be great, but you're, you know, you're
busy, you've got a hundred things you're doing,
you know, your baby's crying, you know your
employees, this, you know, there's a lot going on.
So I think,
the cool thing just about AI in general is it
allows you to be multiple places at the same.
David: It certainly makes you more efficient
and we talk about it from a time perspective,
but I think the emotional
perspective is also really

[35:00]
important.
Greg: Yeah. So, shifting gears a little
bit, or maybe not shifting gears that much.
you have all this knowledge in
community. you're a free agent. Uh,
there's this ai boom happening. There's a
community based businesses boom happening.
David: I feel like I've written three
newsletter articles about like what I'm
gonna do next and all of them kind
of start with like, I have no idea.
Um, uh, what I'm doing right now is, is a few
things. Um, I'm writing cuz I like writing. Um,
I mean, I hate writing, but I like the outcomes
of writing and I like the end products of writing.
Um, I like the torture of writing and so I'm
doing the newsletter. I really enjoy that.
Um, writing is how I'm going to get motion
to. Put myself in the position to find

[36:05]
things that excite me. I think it's really
hard. People who just kind of sit around
and wait for a lightning to strike and to get
inspiration on something they wanna work on,
but they don't move their feet,
they don't get any motion.
It, it's, you're just hoping that it finds you by,
I think by writing, by putting stuff out there,
by putting content out there, you, you're
essentially putting out these signals,
you're connecting with people, you're
thinking you're pro processing. And
so that's what I'm doing. I'm just
thinking, processing, sharing, writing.
Um, so I'm putting a lot of my effort into
the newsletter right now. That might become
my full-time thing on its own. If I can really
generate enough income from that. Um, or I
might lead me to whatever comes next. Beyond
that, I'm consulting. Um, so I have, uh, three
clients right now. I have two more I might
sign and then I'm probably pretty booked up.
Um, And I've just, you know, I, I enjoy
that cuz it, it gives me lots of ideas
to write about. For one, I get to work with
a lot of different kinds of companies. I'm

[37:02]
working with a company that's doing micro
schools, so it's a very unique community
problem. I'm working with a, a physical
gym and, and personal training company.
and so, I enjoy doing that. It
gives me a variety of different
kinds of community problems to solve. Um, I'm
doing this talent collective thing as well,
so I'm helping companies hire for community. I
have over 160 really incredible candidates that
I curate in, in the collective. And I help
companies who are hiring connect with them.
They're all people who are
open to new. Job opportunities.
and that's mo mostly been a way to just
help people through kind of the layoff,
uh, crisis that's happening. and for me
it's, it's, it's another kind of, I'm, I'm
sort of testing different products that can
be passive income as well. Um, I'm, I'm sort
of designing more of a independent, creator
lifestyle business to see if I can do that.

[38:00]
You know, I have two kids now. I'm
not feeling so motivated by like
trying to do some big VC back thing.
I'm feeling more motivated by having
autonomy of time and lifestyle and being
able to pick up and drop off my kids and,
spend my time doing the work that I
want to do. So, lightning might strike.
I, I, I remember how I felt when, when we started
C M X and the energy I felt around that. it was
like I couldn't stop myself. I, I wanted to throw
everything I had into that. I don't think I've
found that thing yet. Um, when I find it, I'll
know it. Until then, I'm just gonna keep writing.
Greg: Okay, I got a, I got a fun set
of questions to answer, which, uh,
you're gonna have to answer it. So, cuz
you're here. You're here, you're here. So
you've interviewed some
incredible people at C M X.
I'm gonna go through a f a list of those people,
a short list of them, and I'm gonna ask you

[39:07]
if that person was giving you advice on what
to do, what do you think they would say?
Okay. So to start, one of my favorites,
and I know one of your favorites,
Seth Godden. If Seth Godden was sitting here and
he was giving you advice on what you should do,
what is the one thing you should.
What do you think he would say?
David: It would be very short and poetic,
um, something along the lines of, Do the thing
that you can do in a way that no one else can
do it. I think he's always been very much
about, finding the uniqueness in yourself

[40:00]
and that one thing or voice or message that you
can bring to your work, to the world, to marketing
copy to anything, that, It comes from your unique
story and your experience and no one else can do.
And like you can only find that by going
inward. You can't find that by like looking
for the best market opportunity. You're
trying to make money. You can only do
that by kinda looking within yourself.
That's what I think Seth would tell me.
Greg: I love that. Go, go inward and,
and, you know, keep going. Uh, number two,
our, uh, our friend Ryan
Hoover. What would Ryan say?
David: Um, I think Ryan would be a little
bit of the opposite of Seth. I think Ryan's
a very pragmatic business mind, uh, who would
kind of see the opportunities in kind of like
business, uh, community-based
businesses that's growing.

[41:03]
Um, you know, he and I have talked in the
past about doing like a course together or.
I've talked to him recently about, um, one
thing I've thought about is doing a sort of
fund for community. So being able to invest in,
uh, community-based companies and community-based
software. and he obviously knows a thing or two
about that. so I think he, he's someone who just
like sees he's such a good finger on the pulse of
tech and products and kind of the zeitgeist of,
of business and I think he would, he would spend
a lot of time helping find like where things are
going and what I can build to, to put myself
in the right position to catch that momentum.
Greg: I agree. I think he
would want, you to, you know, you've got so
much built, built up knowledge and you're

[42:02]
in the right place at the right time, and I think
he'd want you to build the right product for that.
so I think that's, that's true. A few more.
Scott Heiferman, uh, who founded meetup.com.
David: Hmm. he probably told
me to start a nonprofit.
I feel like Scott's like one of the most
authentic community founders in the game. And,
um, I haven't talked to him about this. I'm
curious what he would say, but I get the vibe that
he's like, if he could do Meetup again, it would
be more of like a Craigslist, Wikipedia style.
Just like open belongs to
society kind of platform.
and I think like he's just a visionary
with, with those kinds of community.
Platforms and, and building tools for
community in, in, in that mindset. And so,

[43:01]
I think he would probably tell me to look at
like, what society needs the most right now.
And forget about market, forget about business,
forget about the capitalist aspect of
things. Just what's the most human impact
I can have, uh, by building community,
uh, tools or software or, or programs.
Greg: Okay, we're gonna do three more.
Joe Navarro, who's fam famous for the
power of non-verbal communications.
David: that's a tough one.
That f. First of all, my,
my interviews and work with him was a long time
ago, and he, yeah, so he is an FBI agent who,
um, watches shit. It's amazing, like the stuff
he shares about like how you can read people
based on their body language and their emotion.
He probably would have watched this interview
and noticed how my face was twitching at
certain points and where my hands were.

[44:00]
And he'll say like, Hey, when
you said these three things,
you seemed really confident, but
when you said these three things,
you lost confidence and you felt very uncertain
about yourself. So you should probably focus
on those three things that that made you act
confident. And I have no idea what those are.
So if Joe watches this, let me know.
Greg: David Marquette, former nuclear submarine,
captain and author of Turn the
Ship Around. What would he say?
David: Ah, David's awesome. That's such a
good book. Have you ever read that book?
Greg: No, but uh, it's like
one of those must reads, right?
David: You should read it.
Yeah, it's, it's incredible.
Um, Shane, Shane Mack was, who introduced me
to Lieutenant David Marque originally. And
he's amazing. He's just like the kindest person.
I got to go down actually for three or four days
and spend time with him in his house, um, down
in Florida. He like lived right on the ocean and
we just like rift on business and community
and leadership, um, and just like hung out.

[45:01]
It was, it was really, it was special. And that
was like, we barely knew each other and he just
like invited me down to do that. He's like that
kind of person. Um, what would he tell me? Um,
I think David just like, uh, I think what he
knows best is he's, he is, uh, you know, become
this great author and speaker and, and that's what
he does for a living now since he was, you know,
retired from being a nuclear submarine captain.
So, a little different. So he'd probably tell me,

[46:00]
he'd probably advise me on that path, um, to
continue to grow as a leader, um, for community
builders to speak, maybe write another
book, um, and understand, you know, he's,
he's done the whole independent entrepreneur
path, so maybe he could teach me how to do that
Greg: Alexis Ohanian, uh, co-founder of,
uh, Reddit 7 76 Venture Fund. What would,
uh, Alexis say as an OG community product guy?
David: Hmm, that's a good
question. What would Alexis say?
I think like Alexis gives me some similar
vibes to Ryan in some ways. Like someone
who just is so plugged into the zeitgeist and
sees the big opportunities way, way ahead of a
lot of other people. Um, and he just kind of
brings a community mindset to every product,
every company he works with. It's like there's
always like a community undertone to it.
Um, what would he tell me to do?

[47:14]
think something that, Does is, um, and I, what
seems to be a priority for him in the last
several years as he's kind of evolved is like
really rising up a lot of other leaders and,
um, whether those are like partners
in his firm or other entrepreneurs,
or his, like, passion for, you know,
women's soccer leagues and things like that.
So I think he just like wants to rise others up
and, and give, I think he has a big voice, uh,
um, a big focus on giving a voice to people
from underrepresented groups. And so I think
he would guide me in that direction of like how
to have an impact on giving the next generation

[48:04]
of community builders and maybe great community
builders who aren't getting their voices heard.
how can I help rise up their voices?
Greg: Okay. I got a bonus one.
David: Man, these are hard. You didn't prep
Greg: listen when I invited you on. I
didn't, I didn't say it was gonna be,
uh, super easy, but I think
when, when I invited you on,
I was like, Hey, let's just have an, you know,
a conversation and we're having a conversation
David: This is true. This, that's a broad
promise. A conver . This is indeed a conversation.
Greg: So the bonus one, and
perhaps my favorite one is,
what would 2014 David Spinx say to 2023 David
Spinx 2014? because I think that's when I met you.

[49:00]
Basically, we were both living in San Francisco,
um, and you, you know, it was early days of cmx,
uh, from what I remember, you were just getting
it started, um, starting to see some traction.
Um, and you were doing it at a time where a lot
of your peers and friends were doing like these
big venture back things, and you were doing like
more of a bootstrap thing in community, which was
like not very, you know, attractive at the
time. yeah. What would he say to, to you?
David: he would say to look for opportunities.
in places that you love, that you have a
passion for, but you, you feel like it's
too small or there isn't a big enough business
opportunity. So I, the re where I'm going with

[50:02]
this is like, when I started C M X, I did
not intend for it to be my full-time thing.
uh, it was my buddy Max
Chu. and I started together.
I had told him about the idea for the conference,
um, over the years before that we got to know
each other. And he was like, in, in 2014,
that's when he was like, Hey, do you want
to do this? I know how to run a conference.
I'll handle logistics, and you lead speakers
and kind of the brand and everything and. We did
it, I was still running. Um, I was, I co-founded
a company called Feast with my good friend
Nadia, um, who I think you know as well. Um,
and we were still doing that at the time, and cm,
it frankly wasn't going that well. And, um, money
was getting tighter and tighter. And so CMX was
in part a way to like bring in some extra income.
It was an idea that I've had that I
was talking about for a long time,
but never pulled a trigger on. and part
of the reason was I never saw community as

[51:10]
this is the thing that's gonna be my big.
Break as an entrepreneur. Um, and at that
time I was definitely more focused than
I am today at like, I was looking for.
Like, you know, what's the big thing? What's,
what's the thing that I can really blow up
that's gonna, um, hopefully generate wealth to
have a lot of impact to like be the big business
that I want to build, right? I wanted to
have that kind of success under my belt.
And I stu you know, feast was
like an online cooking school.
It was like completely different. Um, before that
I worked with, uh, SeatGeek and I did a and like
an online blogging platform and community
was always a thread through everything I did,
but it was never like the thing, and people
always called me the community guy back then.
Like even when I was first, early in the career,
they'd be like, oh, Davis Swings is a community.
And I'm like, no, no, no, I'm not the
community guy. I'm an entrepreneur,
I'm a founder. I like build businesses. I'm not
the community guy. And they're like, yeah, okay,

[52:01]
but like, talk to us about community. And then
I talked to him about community for hours cuz
it's what I loved and it was my passion. Um,
and then it was only after that first C M X.
Just being in that room with all
those people and feeling it and,
and seeing the reaction from people who like, got
a lot of value from that event and felt like they
weren't alone for the first time in their career.
And having those conversations that I was like,
oh, this, this, this is
what I've been meant to do.
Like actually the way for me to build something
great as an entre entrepreneur isn't to go around
community. It's through community.
And so I think 2014 Spinx would say,
keep an eye up for those kinds of things.
Now what are the things that feel peripheral
that you love and you just, for whatever reason,
have an assumption that it's not the thing?
Maybe inspect that and you might find some.
Greg: related to that, someone, uh, dmd me,

[53:05]
something I said on the My first Million podcast,
which I have no recollection of saying, is like,
it changed my life. But what I said was,
and I wrote it down, When you think about
what you wanna spend your time doing, think
about what you've spent your time doing.
Meaning like if you are, like spending hours
talking about community. Like there must be
a reason why you're talking about it.
Like, you know, you're, you're, you're
curious in some capacity or you have this innate
understanding of it. So I think that's a really,
it's an insight. I don't even know if I said it,
but apparently I said it, um, that, you know,
David: it was either you or Aristotle.
I, you know, I always get you too
Greg: Yeah, it was me, Sam Par or
Sean for he said it. but yeah, I
David: They get enough credit for, for these,
these one-liners. We should give you this one.

[54:02]
Greg: yeah, so yeah, I think, uh, 2014
spins probably had that in mind when,
when he was giving you this present day
advice. Um, I like doing this exercise because
it's like the personal board of
advisors, uh, framework, which is.
Like in your head, who would be like your
personal board of advisors living dead?
Uh, people, you know, people
you don't know. You can even,
you know, add people that you don't
know onto that list and, and say like,
you know, I don't know Gary Vayner truck, let's
say, but what would Gary Vayner truck say about
this? Um, what would my grandfather say? What
would my, you know, and then you can play it out.
And it, and the reason why it's helpful during
crossroads, like this is, and, and this actually
goes back to biases too, is everyone is gonna
give you advice and everyone has some bias advice,
and sometimes it's good just to like, get as
much advice as possible. And then from that,

[55:04]
see what really sticks with you, what feels good.
so I leave you with, that David Spinx. I'm happy,
uh, you got to join us for, for an episode.
David: I'm absolutely honored to be here. Always,
always fun to jam. I feel like we could do an
entire podcast, like show, like launch a new
podcast and just do this every week and talk
about community. So maybe that's what, is that
the advice that Greg Eisenberg would give me?
Greg: what do you think 2014, Greg Eisenberg
would, you know, advice what? What would he
say and what would 2023 Greg Eisenberg
give you advice? What would that be?
David: Um, I don't think, I don't know that
2014 Greg Eisenberg feels that different
than 2023. Greg Eisenberg, I feel like
you've been pretty steady. I don't know.

[56:02]
Greg: So, yeah, what would that advice be?
David: if only I could ask you
I'll just share the advice you've given
me, which is, you know, find the fun,
Greg: Yeah.
David: you know, find the
thing that brings you joy.
and I, I think I actually, I think
about that all the time. I think it's,
it's hard advice when I, the way I used
to apply it is like, I'm like, oh shit.
Like, what brings me joy? And then I start
thinking about it and it's, you start trying
to like, find the things that bring you joy. It's
like, well, I like playing basketball, but like,
like, is that like, I don't, I don't see a
thing that I'm gonna do there that's like my
business or my, my career. And I don't
know that I want that to be my career.
It's kind of like my fun thing,
and I always kind of go in that
loop. But the way I've been using
your advice, just so you know,
Is like as a filter whenever I come up with
ideas. So I have this long list of ideas of

[57:04]
articles I wanna write and projects I wanna
launch and people I wanna collaborate with.
And it's easy to start feeling overwhelmed cuz
like, all right, well there's all these things.
Which one should I do? And, and you start to
think about the criteria for, you know, what,
what you should focus on. And I've just
found that that advice is really helpful
in those moments to go through it and just
feel like, literally pay attention to your
heart and what, what's, what's getting
you going when you look through it?
What's something that feels like it will
bring you joy if you do it? And that,
that's been a really helpful gauge to eliminate
some things that like, seem like good ideas,
but I'm like, I don't wanna do that every day. Um,
and find things that like actually that there's
some things that seem like they might be really
fun to do there and I should explore that more.
Greg: Someone once asked me, what is the purpose
of life? And I remember being like, first of all,
I'm not Gandhi or, uh, Mother Teresa, but
I'll take a stab at answering it, which is

[58:01]
have the greatest amount of moments
like the greatest ratio of pinch me
moments that you can possibly have in your.
So for example, like if you're going through life
and you're not like pinching yourself, being like,
wow, this is so like, incredible, amazing,
whatever. Then do things that try to get you,
you know, pinch me moments. And this can be in
business, meaning like doing things that get you
really excited, having great meetings, closing
business, creating products that do really well.
But it can also be in like life, right?
Like having a child, you know, you've had,
you know, two children now and that's many pinch
me moments. Could be a lot of different personal
milestones and it's really about architecting
your life around these pinch me moments. So,
thank you David Spinks, people could follow you
at David Spinx, S P I N K S. On Twitter and there,

[59:08]
there's his, his newsletter, which is a must
subscribe, his book, which is a must buy,
and that job board he was talking about, which you
can go check out Hopefully no AI generated copy.
David: Nope, it's all me, baby. spinx,
Greg: 100% spx, 0% AI for now. We'll let you know
David: I'm a bot and I just haven't told you
Greg: Well, rumor has it that you're so
similar to me that one of us is a bot
There's only one real spx,
one real eisenberg maybe,
or you know, one of us is real based. If
50% of this podcast is correct is real.
David: Well, it's been
delightful to talk to myself,
Greg: If you like this episode, please, please,
tweet at. . Um, and we'll bring on SPX for more

[1:00:07]
and for those also who made it to the end here,
go sign up to community College. I'm bringing
it back. It's a, uh, a course where SPX is
actually, he's shown up in the past. It's
a co it's a course to teach you how to build
a community-based product, understand niches,
build community, and you can go check that out
at community college dot late checkout studio.
class starts in April,