[00:00]
What if AI agents could replace some of
your team? Well, they can. I brought on
Flo, who's the CEO of
Lindy.AI, probably the number one AI
agent platform, and he shows us how to
do agent swarms, the big new thing with
uh AI agents where you have multiple
agents going after these problems. Now,
we go through a bunch of different job
responsibilities and how to actually set
up these agents forms and AI agents so
that they become AI employees for your
business. Enjoy the episode and I can't
wait to see what you end up building.
[Music]
Flo is back on the pod. The AI agent
god. That's what I call him. Um, Flo, if

[01:02]
god. That's what I call him. Um, Flo, if
people stick around to the end of this
episode, what are they going to learn?
What are they going to get out of this?
They are going to learn that you can
create agents a lot faster than you
think you can, and you can automate half
your business in like half a day. and
you can create your first agent in 10
minutes. And you're gonna show us how to
do that. Yeah, that's the goal. Okay, so
let's let's get to it. Cool. Um, let me
share my
screen real quick. Okay. Uh, well, for
quick introduction, um, Flo, I'm the
founder of Lindy. You can think of us as
like the the Zapier of AI. We're
building a no code platform for you to
build your your own AI agents. Um, this
is I've already been here on the
podcast. Thanks Craig for having me
again. Uh this is the the last time we
we chatted and I'm going to use this
later as an example for to show Lindy's
web scraping abilities because we we
released that last week. Thousands of
web scrapers, 4,000 of them in fact. And

[02:01]
web scrapers, 4,000 of them in fact. And
so one of the web scrapers is Lindy now
has the ability to scrape uh YouTube
comments. Um so I'll just start with
like just a super quick introduction and
a super super simple use case for Lindy
which is uh meeting recording and note
takingaking. So I mean this is probably
like the most universal use case like
everyone's in meetings all day and this
is the simplest meeting recorder you can
build on Lindy. It's like hey when a
calendar event begins you record the
meeting and then you summarize the
meeting that's it. Obviously little by
little you add up and add up and add
them more to it and I'll show you my
meeting recorder. this is my actual
meeting recorded or that I that I live
with all day and this is actually like a
a small part of it like it just keeps
going and going and going. Um so in a
way that's the beauty of it is like you
keep adding to it and then it becomes
irreplaceable. So I mean one example
that this meeting recorder does here is
it uh adds the meeting notes to a Google
doc and if I have already met with this
person before it looks on my Google
drive for these

[03:00]
drive for these
notes and it adds the notes to the
existing Google doc that I have for this
person. Uh it was actually super useful.
Just yesterday we just on boarded our
first head of marketing and he asked me
for context like my relationship context
with some marketing agencies that we're
working with and I just had to like dig
up the Google Docs and I could send him
a Google doc and I'm like this is
everything we've ever talked about with
this person and it worked. It just works
just works. Um and then the beauty of it
is since it's an agent so when you look
at it like this like this is where it
sort of looks like Zapier. It sort of
looks like a workflow under the hood
though it's an agent. And so what it
means is that I'll show you for example
this update document step here. Um I can
literally just speak to this step in
English. So each field here for this
step is just a prompt. So here for
example I'm like hey which document
should you update? Well the document you
found previously that contains my note
for this person. What content should I
put in the document? And here I can just
be like summarize the meeting you just

[04:01]
be like summarize the meeting you just
had in bullet points. So I don't need to
have like a separate step for AI like
the thing is AI. You're basically
telling an AI to go through a sequence
of steps. But these these steps are not
islands like they would be for like a
workflow automation platform like
Zapier. And I think what's cool about
this is I mean if you if you dial this
and and you you do this correctly,
there's no mistakes.
That's right. If anything, it's it if
you made a mistake, it recovers from it.
Like very often, I'm actually surprised
you can create your
agentworkflow and set up the steps and
never configure them. You literally
don't even tell it what to do. I'll
actually give you an example right now.
Um I'm going to create a Lindy start
from scratch and I'm going to tell her.
So the trigger here is just me chatting
with it. It's just like an agent that I
can chat with and I'm going to use the
the YouTube video example. So YouTube
here. So this is an example of all the
scrapers. We just we just added
thousands and thousands of integrations

[05:01]
thousands and thousands of integrations
in scrapers. We're like by far the top
AI agents right now in terms of number
of integrations. Um so I'm going to do
YouTube comments by URL and after the
results are available I'm going to just
let it have a conversation with me. So
I'm I'm going to leave it like this and
I'm literally going to do nothing. I'm
I'm not telling it what to do. I'm not
telling it I just this is it. This is
the, you know, the different steps that
you that you follow. And I'm going to
grab this uh link from the last time we
chatted. Now, I think there you go. And
I'm going to just send it to the video.
So, I got roasted in the comment because
partly because my accent think it's it's
racist
and it is a sick accent. Um, and look, I
did not tell it what to do. It's just
like, all right, it's getting the
YouTube comments. I think this creeping
takes about a minute. Dude, by the way,
I get roasted all the time for
calling Claude Clo.
Yeah. How How should you call

[06:02]
Yeah. How How should you call
it? Is it I agree.
I
agree. Is it a Canadian thing? Well, in
French you call it
clo, right? Yeah. You know, so but
people make fun of me. All right. Well,
back back to uh Lindy. All right. Uh I
mean right here I you can see I didn't
tell it what to do. It just like got the
com comments and hey one viewer noted a
potential business opportunity startup
ID set up Lindy's flow as a service. We
actually do have uh if you go to I think
it's
lindy.ai/service partners. We have like
dozens of of companies that make a
living through just building lindies for
customers. Like fact that's a lot. I
didn't even know there was so many of
them. I think it's like 50 or something
more than that. Um, yeah, you can see I
didn't have to tell it what to do. To go
back to the meeting recording example.
And again, that's a difference between
um a a a workflow and an agent is like
agents really like to chat. So, you can
just chat with it at any time. So, I'm

[07:01]
just chat with it at any time. So, I'm
going to go here. What's an example of a
of a of a meeting I can show you?
Um, I had a reference check with
someone.
Um, yeah. So, I can just chat and be
like, "What did the candidate say about
moving to SF?" And I can't tell you. I
mean, I use this all day. I think I have
really bad memory because I'm in
meetings all day. And so, I just use
this as like I call it my exocortex.
It's like my my brain outside my brain
and it just like replies to questions
for me. Yeah. I also I I find my memory
has been getting worse too as I'm
relying more and more on technology to
basically fulfill things. So,
uh, this is helpful. Yeah. Yeah. So, all
day I just asked you these questions
and let's wait for it to reply right
here. He's currently based again, we're
going to have to change his name and and
blur it out. Uh, but he is interested in

[08:01]
blur it out. Uh, but he is interested in
our new office and and so on and so
forth. Um, so I I think the meeting
recording is probably one of the most
universal use cases. Uh, meeting
scheduling is a close second. Basically,
the entire executive assistant stack.
Like I just I haven't replaced my
executive assistant. But I think I
replaced like 70% of of what she does
with Lindy. I mean executive assistants,
they take notes during your meetings.
They schedule your meetings. They
prepare you for your meetings. Uh they
make restaurant reservations. I have
this Lindy chief of staff here. So Lindy
can make phone calls. Oh, the most
hilarious thing happened just yesterday.
Actually, I asked her to make a phone
call for uh to make a reservation for
like a date night with my girlfriend,
and I was like, "Hey, make a reservation
at Flower and Water. It's like a super
good restaurant in San Francisco tonight
for two people at 8:00 p.m. Can go as
early as 7:30 or 9:00 p.m." And I didn't
give her the number of flour and water.
So, she went to Perplexity to look for
the number. She found a number and then
she made a phone call. And then the
really thing the really funny things

[09:00]
really thing the really funny things
that happened is I didn't realize but
this restaurant actually also uses an AI
agent to pick up the
phone. So after I listened to the call
and I was like wait a minute this was
also an AI agent.
Hi it's Arena at Flower and Water. Just
so you know I'm taking notes on this
call to share with the team. How can I
help you? Hi Arena. I'm calling to make
a dinner reservation tonight for two
people. We're looking for 8:00 p.m. but
we're flexible. and the agents just and
in the end I had a reservation. So it's
it's crazy like it's already happening
where AI agents are currently working
together.
Yeah. And by the way, Flower and Water,
I think uh Johnny Ies from Apple and I
think maybe even Steve Jobs, one of
their favorite restaurants. So this is
like a hard restaurant to get into. And
the fact that this happened is is
amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Uh it's funny. The
first time I demoed this feature, I used
it to because I literally the the team
had just coded it in like half a week

[10:01]
had just coded it in like half a week
and I was like, "All right, demo time.
Let me just ask you to like cancel my
flight to Paris that have scheduled next
week and it worked first shot and she
canceled my flight." I was like,
"No, I didn't expect it to work." Um,
yeah. So, you know, like phone call like
reservations, meeting prep is a pretty
big one. I have this Lindy here and this
is actually using the the feature that
we just released last week. which we
call agent swarms. And while you bring
that up, what is an agent swarm? That's
a good question. An agent swarm is the
ability to send a list of things to do
to to an AI agent and for this AI agent
to do all these things reliably,
quickly, and in parallel because AI
agents are awesome and they're and
they're super powerful, but over
long-term like longtime horizons, they
fail. They lose coherence. And so for
example, if you give an AI agent a list
of things like, hey, take these 500
people and send personalized outreach to
them, like personalized lead outreach is

[11:00]
them, like personalized lead outreach is
a very big use case for AI agents. It's
first of all, it's going to take
forever. It's going to be pretty
expensive and the by the 200th lead, it
may fail. It may just become unreliable.
If you use an agent swarm instead, it's
going to basically, you know, like in
the matrix, you have like a agent Smith
that duplicates himself. It's like the
agent smith thing like the agent is
going to duplicate himself and send one
copy of itself to each lead. Yeah. So
this meeting prep here uses it's
actually it's funny if it's a swarm of
swarms. So what I do is every morning
you wake up you check my meetings for
the day and then you deploy an agent
swarm for each meeting that I have and
then inside this swarm you deploy
another swarm for every attendee of
every meeting that I have. And then this
is really cool because this Lindy
actually uses the meeting notes that the
other Lindy brings together that I just
mentioned. So she looks in the Google
Drive folder that contains all of my
meeting notes that Lindy creates and
then she gets my notes for this meeting

[12:02]
then she gets my notes for this meeting
and then she search for my emails with
this person. She looks up for their
LinkedIn on
Google and then she sends me a digest by
email.
So you can see here every morning, let's
see, right here. Again, we may have to
like uh blur out some of these, but I
just receive these digest every morning
of everything. And and it's pretty
detailed. Like so, for example, I have
this uh this dinner tonight. It's like a
founder dinner where like people talk
about their struggles and there's like a
bunch of of really senior executive
coaches and they've sent us an email
beforehand and they're like, "Hey, you
have to come prepared with a challenge
that you want to
discuss." And so this Lindy here found
it. And so now, you know, it's like,
"Ah, right. Like I need before this
dinner tonight, I need to come prepared
with a challenge to discuss."
I was I was really impressed because
right before we hopped onto this
podcast, you said, "Hey, by the way, I
picked up that Sure MV7

[13:02]
picked up that Sure MV7
mic." And I was like, I was like,
"There's no way this guy is going to
remember to buy this mic." Cuz I
remember when I had you on the first
time, the mic wasn't really great and
people were complaining and it was the
first thing you told me. And then when
you when I when you you know I just see
right now in the meeting prep it says
use good audio equipment. Sure MV7. You
got me. That's my dirty secret. That's
how you know. Yeah. No 100%. It's it's I
mean half my life runs on this right
now. It's just like same for the meeting
scheduling. I'll show you my my meeting
scheduleuler here. Um so and it works
exactly the same as an AI as a human
assistant does which is people reach out
to me by email. They're like flow I'd
love to chat. or you know maybe it's
like a job interview or anything like
that that like a candidate I'm
interviewing and all I do is I have
given this Flindy her own email address
and all I do is I CC her I'm like sounds
good I'd love to chat will help us find
time and so you can see here this
happened just this morning um I was

[14:02]
happened just this morning um I was
introduced by a recruiter to a candidate
and I'm like thank you KG great to meet
you Brian I would love to chat plus
Lindy will help us find some time and
you can see here I literally also added
would you like to meet in person at the
office. And here Lindy looked at my
calendar. She found available times. She
sent the times by email. Then he
responded, "Yep, in person on Monday
works." So she sent the calendar invite.
And you can see in the calendar invite
right here, she puts the address of the
office right here. And then she sent
this uh confirmation. She's like, "All
right, we'll meet at 1:30 at 1841 Market
Street." This is like you're setting off
like a million light bulbs in my head
right now because what I'm doing is I'm
thinking what are all the tasks in my
business that are recurring like this.
Like what what you're showing me right
now my EA does this um my EA does this.
So like what do you recommend to people?
Should they should they take stock of
all the recurring tasks and

[15:00]
all the recurring tasks and
then see if that you know Lindy's can do
it? I think so. So, what I do recommend
to people is actually to start with
these like personal assistance use cases
because it's just so easy and everybody
can use a meeting scheduleuler.
Everybody can use a meeting prep,
everybody can use a meeting recorder.
And so, just like you know, dip your
toes in the water like that. Like just
like get the reps, put a W on the board
and you can on board to this in like
five minutes. It's like super easy.
We've got templates here. We've got like
hundreds of templates. If you go to the
the home tab here, there's a bunch of
lindies that are pre-created and these
ones we literally advertise them at the
top because like we call it like the
personal assistant starter pack. It's
just like everybody can use these things
and then little by little once you
understand how the platform works which
it's really pretty easy then you're
going to very rapidly like to your
exactly what you said like a light bulb
is going to go off and you're like and
you're going to be like oh my god like
this can be used for everything. So,
I'll give a more complex example. And
what do you think? Like, should we just
like build a Lindy live right now? Yeah,
why not? Let's do it. Uh, let me build I

[16:02]
why not? Let's do it. Uh, let me build I
spend a ton of time recruiting right
now. So, I'm going to create a Lindy
recruiter. So, I'm going to make her
chat with Lindy. I'm going to make it um
when I chat with it, I'm going to just
give it a list just criteria of what I'm
looking for. And then I'm going to use
the search for people action. So, we
have like a ton of prospecting
integrations because like prospecting is
one of our top use cases. And then uh
I'm going to make it enter an AI agent
and I'm going to tell it um show me the
list of people you found and ask me
which ones to reach out to. And again,
that's where it's an AI agent. I don't
need to like, you know, divide up the
array or the list of people it found or
to format it. I just I'm speaking to my
agent and the agent saw the people. It's
like the same agent that's moving from
step to step to step. And here I'm going
to give this step and exit conditions.
Like once I've told you which ones to
reach out
to, then you enter uh a swarm. And I'm

[17:02]
to, then you enter uh a swarm. And I'm
not even going to tell it what items to
swarm through. I I think it's just going
to be smart enough to figure it out. And
I'm going to make it uh research this
person on perplexity. So search
proplexity. So, uh,
research this person on
perplexity and then I'm going to make it
send an email to this
person. So, and from my email, uh, send
email and I'm just going to make it I'm
going to prompt it here. I could just
also write like a literal value. We have
this setting here that's like set
manually. So, I could just here type my
email. Uh, but here I'm just going to be
prompt AI and it's like reach out to
join
lindy.ai. Um, that's it. I'm just gonna
do this for now. And in one click, you
can insert a human in the loop. So, I
can be like ask for confirmation and
that's it. Right here, it's going to ask
me for confirmation. When should
people have a human in the loop and when

[18:02]
people have a human in the loop and when
shouldn't they have a human in the loop?
Great question. If a if an AI agent
could embarrass you, you should probably
insert a human in the loop at least in
the beginning for the first few cycles
and you're going to work on it. It's the
same thing as training a human. It's
like you just think of it as like you
just on boarded an intern and like you
don't at first you're kind of on their
back. You kind of watch what they're
doing. That's how you think of it. And
soon we're we're building a feature
right now that's making it so that uh
the agent can learn from your feedback.
So, as you insert a human in the loop,
if you correct it, little by little,
it's going to learn. Um, that is it.
Right here, I have like an MVP
recruiter. I'm going to rename her and
just call her the
recruiter. That's it. I've got I've got
a small recruiter. And again, that's the
beauty of it is like you start small.
Like this took me two minutes and then
you add to it and add to it and add to
it. So, for example, here I could make
it send reminders. Like if the person
doesn't reply, I could make it send two,
four, five reminders, right? Uh, and

[19:01]
four, five reminders, right? Uh, and
actually I'm going to add a last step
here. So it's like, hey, I've reached
that to
everyone. Um, I'm going to start here
and I'm going to be like, I want to hire
like find me five account executives uh
working at what's a good what's a good
place to hire from account executives?
Hubspot. Yeah. Um, actually I'm
realizing I think this was set. Yeah.
Okay. This is beautiful. All right. We
don't recommend poaching from HubSpot,
but we don't we don't condone it
either. Are you are you a HubSpot
partner? Um, no. Okay, good. Um, okay.
Reach out to every to everyone who
doesn't have enterprise or corporate in
their title. I think that's literally
two people. And here it's going to start
swarming over basically the two people
that I gave it right here. So you see I

[20:00]
that I gave it right here. So you see I
didn't configure the swarm. It's just
like smart enough to figure it out here.
And now if I expand this task here, I
can see the subtasks that are part of
the swarm. And so what it's doing here
is it's searching complexity for this
person. And it's it's going to be AI
slap, you know, like by default AI AI
just writes AI slap. So like I would
need to prompt it more. I would need to
give it examples. But boom. I hope this
email finds you well. I'm reaching at
because I came across your profile and I
mean right here I just gave it to two
profiles but I could have said like 200
and that's that's basically how we
recruit like we're pretty good at
recruiting and it's very cost effective
and we just use this all day and this
could be used for well you know
recruiting if you think about what
recruiting is it's about making it's
about closing it's really closing deals
at the end of the day right
so this could be applied to I mean you
mentioned sales prospecting this is in a
way is like sales process
100% 100%. You can also like upload CSVs
here. So if you have a bunch of leads
from another platform so Lindy can
generate her own leads, but there's also

[21:00]
generate her own leads, but there's also
a lot of other platforms that you may
want to use to do that. And so I have we
also use it for sales prospecting. So if
you look at we have this
sales outreacher Lindy
here and I have a CSV right here. I'll
open it. Can Google Chrome open CSVs? I
cannot. I also have it in a Google
sheet. So, Unicorn Founders, it's like a
list. So, this one Google Sheets here is
20 unicorn founders, but um let me see
if this is the right sales outreacher.
Yeah. Um I'm just going to delete to
begin. What one of the things I noticed,
by the way, is that uh 3.5 is default
selected. Should people keep that
default or should they change it? I
think you should keep it. I think that's
like a great default. Um, basically
start with cloud and then if you find
your agent is too dumb, graduate to
we've got Gemini, we've got 01. O1 is is
really good. It's really expensive, but
it's really good. Um, I use 01 for

[22:01]
it's really good. Um, I use 01 for
research tasks. Um, and if your agent is
too expensive, use Gemini
Flash. And most of the time, Cloud does
a good job and Gemini Flash does a good
job. Yeah. So right here I just I mean
you can see it took me in the time I
spent to answer this question. I just
reached out to 20 unicorn founders about
about what we do and it's actually uh
personalized right so here it's it's
reaching out to the founder of Epic like
team Swinny and it's like hey like this
is how we Lindy can help you uh
streamline developer support manage and
organize data from your free games
program an epic first run initiative.
So, it's it's really super super
customizable and super personalized.
That's why I wanted this is why I wanted
to have you on the pod again. I saw that
you were well, it was right after the
the announcement of the
swarms and just I I think that you know
what it's important for people to
realize is that this can take a small

[23:01]
realize is that this can take a small
team of 1 2 3 5 people and make them
feel like 20 30 40 50 people and there's
an arbitrage moment that is happening.
Not everyone. I mean, maybe in our
world, we're all like, "Yeah, AI agents,
AI swarms, everyone knows what this is,
right?" Making jokes about Claude and
Clude. No, we're we're so we're so early
in this. And if you're if you're
listening to this, um, it's all just
about like getting your feet Yeah. and
your hands dirty and starting to create
some of these things and just seeing it
work in action. There is a huge gap
right now between what is possible and
what people are actually doing. There's
there's a huge arbitrage and you can see
it because the companies that are
actually exploiting this arbitrage are
blowing up. I mean uh there's this
startup called Arcades. They're like
this is like an AI ad generator. And
reportedly they reached like $5 million
in AR in like a couple of months with I
think like eight people like seven or
eight people or something like that. You
may you may know this. Yeah, I know it

[24:02]
may you may know this. Yeah, I know it
because dude it's hilarious. I had the
founder on the pod a while ago. awesome
guy and awesome technology. And then
like two weeks and I I speak to him on X
all the time. And then two weeks later,
I get an email from his team being like,
"Hey, like it was like a creator
outreach email." And he was like, "Hey,
like we'd love to partner with you and
do like a paid promotion or do like
something with you or give you free
access to the product." And I messaged
the founder and I was like, "Dude, oh,
and it said it was him, right? it said
it was him and I was like why are you
texting me this and he's like he started
laughing and he was like oh no no no
that you know he was probably using
Lindy you know I you know I can't I
can't speak for who's using us but I
will say this example I just gave of the
restaurant reservations it's also
happening for outreach like that where
we are increasingly we have cut multiple
times Lindy's talk to Lindy's from like

[25:00]
times Lindy's talk to Lindy's from like
different customers so this influencer
outreach use case is actually a pretty
big one and we have I can't say who but
we I wish I could say who because it's
pretty cool. It's a very big YouTuber
who uh is using us. Um and um he uh so
he it's actually not him, it's his
agent. He's using us because this guy
receives so many emails all day from
like random brands who are offering him
to partner and it's just it's a deluge,
right? And like less than 1% of them he
wants to work with. So his agent has
deployed a Lindy to help him like filter
and like negotiate deals and all of that
stuff. We have another customer who's
like a famous jewelry brand who uses a
lot of influencer marketing and they
have also deployed a Lindy to find
influencers on Tik Tok and Instagram and
YouTube and find their contact
information and reach out to them and
offer them
partnerships. And when we signed that
customer, I was like, we need to create
a reminder to check a month from now if
that if if his Lindy ducked to his
Lindy. And sure enough, we checked a
month later and they had they had
crossed paths. I love it. Um, would you

[26:01]
crossed paths. I love it. Um, would you
be able to go back to the template
section? And the reason why is I want to
scan through some of these just to get
people's minds primed for the types of
stuff that you can use. Yeah, let me
open the full list of templates here.
Uh, you know, lead enrichment, lead
qualification, customer support like and
and customer support over everything
because we just released last week like
1,600 integrations. Like again, we're by
far right now the top AI agent platform
in terms of number of integrations. And
so wherever your customer support
exists, if it's like Telegram or Slack
or WhatsApp or Zenesk or Intercom, like
you name it, like we can we can automate
your customer support over over these
platforms. Um the focus group here is is
a really interesting use case because
LLMs are not super good at reasoning,
but they are really good at pretending
to be human because that's that's what
they are, right? they've been trained on
on so much text that's human written and

[27:01]
on so much text that's human written and
there's actually a lot of papers that
find that the answers that LLM give you
are actually very correlated to what to
the answers that a human would have
given you. So if you ask like do you
like this or that like LLM are actually
doing a very reasonable job at at
emulating a human and so that means that
you can like marketing companies and
like big firms they spend fortunes on
focus groups and we use it ourselves as
well like we've created a lindy that
simulates our user. So we've prompted it
to be like hey these are the different
personas of users we have and we talk to
it all day like what do you think of
this? What do you think of that? Like
how do how is this lending on you? And
it's it's I would say it's 80% as good
as like an actual focus group in an
actual user research session, but it
cost you like 10 cents instead of
$1,000. Dude, that's so interesting. I
uh I talk a lot about on the channel
just this idea of like building
community- based businesses and
community based products where it's like
you're building a product for a

[28:00]
you're building a product for a
community. And I never thought of it
like this, but a virtual community,
right? Like so coming up with an idea
for like vibe coding something, coming
up with a product for something,
starting a social account and then
getting feedback on your business idea
and what you're trying to do from your
virtual community. Yeah, you know, I
actually think that's the next step for
right now like Bolt and Lovable and all
of these companies are really blowing
up. These like prompt to app platforms
are really blowing up. I think that's
going to be the next step for them where
it's like you build the MVP of your app
and then it sends it to a thousand
virtual
users and and they use it and like 5
minutes later you've got feedback from a
thousand people and then you just rinse
and repeat and you let this running for
a day and by the end of the day you've
got an an app that's been iterated on
for like the equivalent of a year,
right? Uh this one I I love. It's it's
my Elon Lindy. So what it does is uh it
actually uses both the phone call
capability we have and the swarm

[29:00]
capability we have and the swarm
capability we have. So you give it a
list of your team and every week it
makes a phone call to each teammate for
a sort of virtual standup and it asks
them like what did you get done this
week? Uh it's actually funny because I
forgot I had this running and I I
received a phone call like a couple of
weeks ago from my Lindy and I was like
oh like it's my Lindy phone number is in
my contacts and I'm like oh my Lindy's
calling me. What's going on? So I pick
up the phone. I'm like, "Hey." And and
she's like, "Hey, Floyd, it's Lindy."
I'm like, "Okay, what do you want?" And
she's like, "What did you get done this
week?" [ __ ] you. Um, yeah. So, the Elani
is really cool. And then it sends you a
report with a summary of what your
entire team has told you. So, this is
actually right now being deployed by one
of our customers, like a thousand plus
employees. And every week it's just like
a thousand people receive a phone call
and then the CEO receives a report with
like what everybody in the company is
doing. It's basically replacing the
middle management layer of the company.
Very
cool. Dude, this is crazy. You've come I
think you were on the pod like 6 months

[30:01]
think you were on the pod like 6 months
ago almost and the integrations and just
seeing all these templates like it's
crazy how much has changed. It is moving
fast for sure. The team has been
cranking. Um I'll give one last example
I guess of of a Lindy that I really like
which is the the competitive analysis
Lindy. Um, I think this is another thing
that can be very useful to pretty much
any company. Um, I have it right here.
Uh, competitive tracker. Um, so you can
see it's funny. It's got the the poop
emoji here as an icon. Um, what it does
is, uh, it wakes up every month. It gets
the list of competitors from this
spreadsheet. Like you can just like keep
a spreadsheet with the competitors that
you're keeping tabs on. And then it
deploys a swarm for each competitor. And
for each competitor, it looks up
whatever information you want. The
employee count, the traffic estimates,
the recent news, whether they've raised
the money, whether they're hiring, any
anything you want. And then it does a
couple of interesting things, which is
one, it sends you a report with like,

[31:01]
one, it sends you a report with like,
hey, like these are the competitors who
are putting ahead. And it logs all of
that in a spreadsheet. And so you can
see here, this is just an example
spreadsheet where I've I've entered
three competitors like Brex, Mercury,
and RAM. They're like financial
companies. And here it's logging all of
this data here in this in this other
tab. And then I've set up this other
sheet on the spreadsheet that's like
telling me it's like a table. It shows
me for each competitor for every
month, how have their employees count
trending? How have their monthly website
visits trended, their valuation, and so
on and so
forth. And again, I mean, you can see
it's it's pretty simple. It's like nine
steps or something like that. And we
have a template for it.
That's really cool. Yeah. It's also
um you know when it comes to building a
startup and looking at competition like
you you really don't want to be like
going to their websites every day and
letting them get in your head. So having
something like this feels a bit more

[32:00]
something like this feels a bit more
sober. Yes. One one thing I have liked
actually doing uh this is actually from
before we had swarms. Um, if you're on
Twitter or on Product Hunt or whatever,
you get the feeling that everyone is
their mother is working on AI agents.
So, you get a new announcement maybe
every day at this point. Like twice a
week, you get like a new major
announcement. And so, at first as a
founder, you know, I was like, I
wouldn't say I was getting demoralized
by it, but it was like [ __ ] like this is
this is heavy competition. Like, this is
going to be a hot space, right? And so
what I did is I set up a Lindy that's
like I could just send her these
announcements and then I would be like
in six months tell me where these guys
are and in 12 months tell me where these
guys are. And one thing that it's really
taught me
is 90% of the time they're nowhere. So
it's really trained me like that. Now
when I see a computer I'm like yeah look
it doesn't it's like the folks that I
would worry about 12 months ago don't
exist today. So 90% of the time it
doesn't matter. I love it. All right. Is
there anything else you wanted to cover?

[33:01]
there anything else you wanted to cover?
Um, let me think. I Okay, I'll show one
last example that the contra is showing
is my my CRM manager. So, I have this
Lindy that helps me um manage my my my
network. And so I every so often I talk
to her and I'm like, "Hey, I just met
this guy. He's awesome. I really wanted
to stay stay in touch with with him."
So, um I'll show you an example here.
Um, well, we're going to have to we're
going to have to blur it out, but uh I
edit this guy like, hey, like this guy
is is awesome. You know, apparently he's
the best that other guy has ever worked
with. Addit him to a spreadsheet.
Another really cool thing is that I can
talk to this Lindy and I can be like,
hey, who should I hit up when I'm in New
York or who are like really good
salespeople that I know? And then it
finds me a list. And then this Lindy, I
actually also made her observe my inbox
and notice when I have booked a flight,
which by the way soon is going to be a
Lindy booking flights for me. And so she
she sees when I booked a flight because

[34:00]
she sees when I booked a flight because
I receive an email
confirmation. And she's like, and I can
I can actually show you because right
now I'm going to to New York. So she's
like, "Hey, like you're going to New
York." This is just like a test email I
sent to myself. and she's looking in my
CRM and she's like, "Hey, these are the
contacts that you should meet up when
you're going to New York." That's so
smart. You know what I usually do, which
is like dumb, but whenever I'm doing
something like this, I'll go onto my
Twitter account and just see who I'm
following and be like, "Oh yeah, Flo's
in San Francisco." and reach out. But
it's like obviously not the best way to
do that. The problem is too few people
are on Twitter, which I don't
understand. I feel like everybody should
be on Twitter. It's like such a boon,
but too few people are on Twitter. Yeah,
that's right. Yeah. And LinkedIn is gar
is kind of garbage. Let's be real. No,
100%. Yeah. It's not your real network.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This has been great.
Uh Flo, I'm going to put together
a a document that people can download

[35:00]
a a document that people can download
that can help them set up their first
agents, maybe some best practices, just
some notes on how to do it. Um people
can go and grab that. That'll be in the
comment section and in the show notes.
And is there is there one thing you want
to leave people with? I will create a
custom signup link for you if you go to
lindy.ai/greg. I'll create a signup link
so that people get a a 50% discount and
they get like a longer free trial.
Great. So, I'll include that in the show
notes in the pin comment. Um, appreciate
that, Flo. And um why I think it's
important that people start doing this
is like don't listen to us anymore. You
know, what are you doing listening to us
at this point, right? Like go and get
your hands dirty. Yeah. The frontier has
really rushed forward so much right now.
It's it's it's like we had computers and
everybody was still using the fax
machine and just like computers arrived
all of a sudden because innovation is
accelerating and people are still using

[36:01]
accelerating and people are still using
fax machines and I'm like this is people
don't understand right now what's what's
happening. It's cool, dude. It's really
cool. Thanks for sharing it with us.
Yeah. Thanks a lot, Greg. I'll see you
around. See you.