[00:00]
The first two rounds of the 2025 men's
NCAA basketball tournament have been a
little bit lackluster to start. You've
not seen very many major upsets and not
very many that close games generally and
a lot of people are lamenting the
results of this tournament as the sign
that college basketball has structurally
changed for the worst. What is going on
with the economic model of college
basketball? And how has NIL and the
transfer portal caused a new gap between
the have and have nots that might
ultimately destroy the sport. Welcome to
analyzing finance with Nick. In today's
video, I am going to be going back to my
economics of sports ball series, where I
try to intersect issues in business and
economics with what's going on in
sports. As I get older, I actually get
less interested in watching the actual
games in sports, on the court, or on the

[01:02]
games in sports, on the court, or on the
field, and I'm get more interested in
the business dealings surrounding the
sports industry. And within American
sports at least, the most interesting
developments in sports business really
are in the world of college sports.
Recent court cases basically took down
the rules of amateurism that held
college sports together. And so as a
result, you have name, image, and
likeness policies or NIL where
businesses or individuals can sponsor
athletes and pay them for their right
for their name, image, and likeness even
if the school cannot directly pay them.
And then there are also the transfer
rules have gotten struck down. And
basically before the transfer rules got
struck down, if you were a college
athlete, you had to stay at your current
school or if you decide to transfer, you
could transfer right away, but you'd

[02:01]
could transfer right away, but you'd
have to sit out a year from playing your
sport. And so this one-year break that
was required for all transfers really
heavily discouraged players from
transferring from one school to the
other. The first exemption was graduate
transfer. So if you graduated from a
school early, you can use your remaining
years of eligibility at another school,
but in recent years, there's really just
no rules at all. Like there are players
who transfer literally every year and
you've seen some college basketball
players who may be above average for
college basketball players, but they're
not prolevel and they're playing
literally at four different schools in
their four years of eligibility and very
unlikely to get a degree as a result of
this. The transfer portal has kind of
really delegitimized the idea of a
student athlete. As anybody's been to
college, you know that credits don't
really always transfer that easily from
school to school, especially if it's

[03:01]
school to school, especially if it's
like from a public to a private school
or one state to the other. And the
result is a lot of these so-called
student athletes are not really much of
students. If you're going to like three
or four schools over a 4-year period,
you're unlikely completing your degree
through years of eligibility. And
speaking of eligibility, there's also
the risk of eligibility rules being
changed. There is a case ongoing for a
college football player who played some
years in junior college and wants to
have an extra year of eligibility and
that case is so far ruled in the
athletes favor. I think he's a
quarterback for Vanderbilt. I forgot his
name off the top of my head. And now
because of that ruling, if you go to
junior college, those 1 to two years of
junior college don't count to your four
years of college eligibility to play
sports. And really ultimately the bigger
risk here is that eligibility rules get
struck down entirely. So college players

[04:01]
struck down entirely. So college players
don't only have to play for four years.
They can play as long as the team wants
them. And if really that's the case, is
it really college sports anymore? Does
their career line up with the career of
a college student? And even if you have
to put them in school, you can probably
put them in a PhD program that you could
design to take as long as you want to
keep the player at the school if you had
to have the veneer of education attached
to it. So NIL and the transfer portal
are the most talked about issues. And
I've gone into some of and realignment
as well. You see a lot of the top
programs from across the country
consolidating into a few power
conferences which have more teams in
them but there are fewer conferences in
number and this consolidation of the
power teams to the same few leagues is
causing a much larger inequity in the
sport. I think NIL in itself is not a
problem. However, there really are two
problems that are skewing the economics

[05:00]
problems that are skewing the economics
of college basketball. The first one of
these issues is kind of the spirit of
the law of NIL really being violated
with a lot of these NIL collectives. If
you're not familiar with how the the
economics of this works, if you have a
pool of wealthy donors for a school and
you want to get players to go to your
school, you can create these NIL
collectives where you pay players NIL
money in theory for their name, image,
and likeness to sponsor a business or
something like that or like have your
naming rights on a product that the
company pays you to have. But in
practice, a lot of these NIL deals are
really just straight pay for play but in
an indirect manner since the school
cannot do it directly. Like if example,
if it's like a CPA firm and the founder
of a tax law firm are the two main
partners at NIL for a given school, I
don't really think they're going to have
like the center on the basketball team
on the advertisements for the CPA

[06:02]
on the advertisements for the CPA
practice. It's just more of a formality
just to be a way to work around the
rules to essentially get these players
to go to these schools and pay them and
create a bidding war for the top players
and that causing basically the idea of
NIL to turn into just basically de facto
free agency every year. There are no
enforceable contracts because without
collective bargaining from the end of
the players, none of this is enforcable.
and the courts have kept striking down
any sort of barriers to
competition. So you basically a player
after a season can just say hey I will
go in the transfer portal and take a
higher bid to see whatever other teams
are offering me to play at them versus
my current team. The other concern about
NIL is that you have NIL attached to the
free transfer policy. So on one hand,

[07:00]
free transfer policy. So on one hand,
there's not really like the NIL
sponsorship program it's intended. These
collectives are mainly just funds for
boosters that previously might have done
some of this under the table, but now
since it's legal and more visible, the
money is a lot bigger and there's a lot
more of it being used. And then the
transfers portal every year means that
you can easily poach players from other
teams. And you see this for example with
the teams in the final 2023 final four
San Diego State and Florida Atlantic who
a lot of those players are still some of
the better players in college
basketball. They just don't play for
either San Diego State or Florida
Atlantic anymore because of higher bids
from power programs. And it's not just
those schools. Like there's this
interesting chart that I found on Reddit
College basketball which basically
highlights the rosters of every team in
the Sweet 16 and what schools they
played at. And with the exception of
Purdue, every team has a transfer from

[08:03]
Purdue, every team has a transfer from
another school in their starting five.
And many teams such as Michigan and
Texas Tech have majority of their
players from as transfers on their
starting five. In fact, there are some
schools such as Ruters and Belmont who
are not playing in the Sweet 16, don't
even make the NCAA tournament, who have
more players who start their careers
there currently playing in the Sweet 16
than Michigan does, who is playing in
the Sweet 16 currently. The whole point
of this though is that these teams are
more being built than developed. And
really, even if you do manage to recruit
a diamond in the rough at a smaller
school, you're just going to get poached
one year later once the bigger schools
see that they have talent. This has been
happening a long time with coaches with
buyouts and coaches moving to other
jobs. But the programs in theory though
could have some sort of continuity

[09:01]
could have some sort of continuity
because they could either bring on an
assistant from the old staff or a new
coach but keep most if not all of the
returning underassman and make a
foundation for the next run of success.
And that's how teams such as Gonzaga and
Butler and Xavier and other former mid-
majors who've effectively become power
schools were able to build. Now, that
avenue really isn't there short of a
bunch of very wealthy donors deciding to
take the fortunes of a small school in
their own hands. And if there are any
fellow gauchos out there who want to
start a UCSB NIL collective, feel free
to contact me. I'd love to figure out
how to make my school one of these
competitors if I still bother to care
about the sport anymore. So, that is
kind of the dynamic going on here. And
so how is it showing up in the numbers?
First thing is you look at who's

[10:00]
First thing is you look at who's
actually playing in the Sweet 16. This
is the first Sweet 16 in the history of
the NCAA tournament since they expanded
to 64 teams in 1985 that there are zero
teams from a nonp power conference.
There are some other years like
2007,
2009 and 2017 where you had some de
facto power type schools such as Gonaga
and UNLV. At least back then it was
recruited like a power school that came
in. But you don't even have those now.
The mid- major rakes have been hollowed
out and the Zags kind of had a down
year. So you have basically no mid
majors really. The second thing is you
have is no teams really on the west
coast unless if you count Arizona as a
west coast school and know the first
time since 1985 no west coast teams

[11:00]
time since 1985 no west coast teams
really in the sweet 16. And then on top
of that you really only have three
conferences that represent the sweet 16.
You have four technically, but Duke is
kind of head and shoulders above the
rest of the ACC in terms of its NIL and
its resources, whereas the rest of the
league is largely been a loser NIL and
then following behind to more wellfunded
rivals. And so you have Duke and then
you have the SEC, you have the Big 12
and that's it. And the consolidation to
such a few amount of conferences is a
sign of a structural realignment really
in the sport and then outside of just
one tournament because there is variance
and like this is a chalky tournament but
you've seen tournaments at this lowest
in terms of upsets that es and flows. If
this that was it I wouldn't really be
doing a video. The other really thing
too is the prevalence of the transfer
portal. You've already have over a

[12:01]
portal. You've already have over a
thousand college basketball players sign
up for the transfer portal. And given
the size of division one is only about
4,700 college basketball players, you
have over 21% of the of the entire
student body of college basketball
players in the transfer portal before
the end of March. This time last year
was about 700 and it peaked at about
2,000. And maybe people are just rushing
faster to the transfer portal for
various reasons and it will not be as
spread out and it might end up being the
same a number. But at the current pace
when this is all said and done, you're
going to probably have over half of the
players in the transfer portal which is
kind of shows you like the evolution of
this sport. And you also notice too with
the current field a lot the exceptions
of Houston and maybe Maryland and
Michigan State which are more in the
outlying areas of the metros. None of
these programs are from large metro

[13:01]
these programs are from large metro
areas with NBA teams. And the reason why
that is important is because college
basketball is emerging into a de facto
minor league. Kind of what my concerns
were for football when I made that video
a few years ago. And I thought maybe
basketball's due to smaller team sizes
and less of a budget requirement, it
would make it easier for smaller schools
to compete and even with NIL. But the
limited transfer thing is really the
straw that really broke the camel's back
for the competitiveness of smaller and
mid- major schools. And like you see
like the leagues that consistently get
the most plundered by the transfer
portal are the highest ranking mid
majors. So just the ones right below the
power leagues. The Mountain West,
Missouri Valley, WCC are the ones that
are the most rated by the transfer
portal. And it's not really a surprise
why that's the case cuz they have tend

[14:01]
why that's the case cuz they have tend
to have the most talent outside of the
league. And if these and A10 also has
problems with the transfer portal too
and the American if the college sports
becomes a de facto minor league, it's
going to destroy the business model.
Like first of all, given the transfer
portal and that any decent team that
comes from the mid-ranger ranks will get
destroyed the next year through
attrition via transfers, why would
anybody logically follow their school if
they're outside the power four
conferences? And with football money
always dwarfing everything else, how is
that going to allow the Big East to even
compete? And the Big East didn't even
have a team in the Sweet 16. And the Big
East has been able to keep up with NIL
now because they have a pretty good
basketball TV contract. But if the money
in college sports consolidates more
towards the few football schools, then
they might face some issues as well. So,
and a lot of certain regions of the
country, primarily the Northeast and the

[15:00]
country, primarily the Northeast and the
West Coast, similar to college football,
are kind of becoming homeless when it
comes to college sports. And then
there's one other thing that's really
going to disproportionately affect the
big the NCAA settlement that is coming
where basically that schools will now be
able to transfer up to 22% of their
revenues to pay players directly. And
the schools with football revenues
obviously are going to have a much
bigger 22% of their revenues to pay out
to players. a lot that will go to
football players, but like say like a
power schools that may want to focus
more on basketball such as the Dukes,
the Arizonas, and the kuckies in the
world can skimp a little bit on the
football and disproportionate towards
basketball or just like the SEC who have
just a lot of money in general can just
flood all of their sports and as a
result, how is the Big East going to
compete with a much smaller revenue

[16:00]
compete with a much smaller revenue
base? And you're also starting to see
the influence in these big TV contracts
put more pressure on the selection
committee and media to have the teams of
their contract TV contracts to be
disproportionate amounts of slots in the
college football playoff and the NCAA
tournament. The SEC got a record 14
schools in the NCAA tournament this
year, which shattered the previous
record of 11 schools by the Big East in
2011. The Big 10 also got eight schools
in the NCAA tournament. Part of this has
to do with just these conferences being
bigger. And so the Big 10, eight out of
18 is relatively proportionate to what
it was back in the old days. But the SEC
getting 14 teams out of a 16 team league
and two two that went six and 12 in the
conference was is kind of a red flag
really for the future. Also, the NIT has

[17:00]
really for the future. Also, the NIT has
basically been destroyed and replaced
with a TV driven buyin tournament for
the power schools that promises more NIL
money and locks out the mid majors from
competing. I mean there the NIT
effectively now has become just a mid-
major only tournament with a few
relatively weak power schools still in
it and that's kind of another sign of
consolidation and usually when what
happens is when you have no more actual
absolute growth because colleges do not
have absolute growth. I mentioned this
in my video of college football is that
college basketball ratings are not
really growing at the pace that
especially outside the NCAA tournament
to provide enough money to go around for
the pie. And also bigger TV contracts
for things such as the NFL, college
football, and the NBA have kind of
crowded out a lot of TV revenue money
that would have gone to maybe more to
college basketball. And so therefore, in

[18:02]
college basketball. And so therefore, in
order for the bigger schools to continue
to increase their revenues from media,
they need to have a bigger piece of a
smaller pie, just like the issue I
discussed in college football. And the
destruction again of the Pack 12 and the
Northeastern Leagues has caused college
football to become a more regional
sport. And I think the same thing might
happen to college basketball. And then
on top of that, if college sports become
a de facto minor league for cities that
are too small to host NBA teams, cities
and the schools that are in the
metropolitan areas that have NBA teams
are going to be less interested in
college basketball. So like they be
like, "Why would I want to watch minor
league professional basketball when I
can watch the NBA?" And this is what
happens with minor league baseball.
Nobody really watches minor league
baseball whereas people watch colleges
because it has the idea of the student
athlete and along with like school

[19:02]
athlete and along with like school
loyalty and for some regions of the
country it is kind of their regional
professional team. But the ones places
that are not their deacto regional
professional team are going to be turned
out when the veneer goes away. And those
are kind of the main reasons why I
expect that college basketball will
decline. I think this is a good chance
this might be the last NCAA tournament I
might watch for a while if because this
the antilimatic nature of the selection
of the teams and how these first two
rounds played out are just symptoms of
the structural economic issues I've
mentioned in this video. The other
structural economic issue that's not
being talked enough about is the idea of
the enrollment cliff. For those who are
not familiar with this concept, the
enrollment cliff is the main reason why
I'm actually doing this video because
plenty people talk about NIL and the
transfer portal, but I don't really hear
that much discussion about the
enrollment cliff. And the enrollment
cliff is basically idea that due to

[20:01]
cliff is basically idea that due to
demographics and structurally low birth
rates for the last 15 or 20 years, there
are just less kids going to college
today than there was in the previous
generation. My generation of the
millennials was the peak of college
attendance. In fact, the class of
2013 was the biggest college class in
the history of America and the
combination of just less college age
people being alive due to lower birth
rates and the value proposition of
college declining due to its cost
relative to the quality of job that many
people can get, especially from lower
tier schools. the amount the size of the
student bodies of most universities are
at risk. There's and this consolidation
is also maybe why sports are becoming
more important because sports are big
attractor of students to go to schools
that are scarce. So that's also a big a

[21:00]
that are scarce. So that's also a big a
dynamic here on why maybe a lot of these
power schools want to consolidate. And
the only schools that really aren't
losing enrollment are the Ivy Leagues.
Some of the more prestigious private
schools academically such as the
Vanderbilts, the NY, the
USC's, Stanford, Dukes, Northwestern,
Notre Dames, etc. Georgetown that tier
and the flagship state schools. Those
are where the students continue to go.
So that's where selectivity rates
continue to to increase in terms of like
the lower percentage of students getting
admitted and there's still demand
whereas every other school is going to
be losing students just due to
demographics. This is going to most
effectively hit the smaller private
schools first because without like the
Ivy League network, the value of private
school is declining, especially these
ones in small towns that aren't near job
centers. And then there's just simply
less students to fill them up. Like in
several other countries in the world,
primarily like in Europe and in Asia,

[22:01]
primarily like in Europe and in Asia,
like the prevalence of these small town
private schools is not nearly as common
as in the United States. And if the US
falls to world averages when it comes to
that, that means a lot of schools are at
risk of shutting doors. And for private
schools, this probably just means they
just go out of business. Or if they stay
in business, they're going to go to
smaller schools with less expenses. And
one of the things that's a big expense
is the athletic departments, especially
division one level. And so you'll
probably see some more of these smaller
mid low major schools cut their athletic
departments or move down to division
three. We've seen two examples recently
in the last four years moving down to
division three a few years ago and now
you have St. Francis, New York and St.
Francis, Pennsylvania also moving down
to division three. It's going to start
with like these smaller level America e
to NEC type schools. It's going to
trickle up the college basketball

[23:00]
trickle up the college basketball
hierarchy and it's going to start
affecting some of the second tier state
schools and some of the larger private
schools. The shortage of students is
going to be a real pinch for the
universities again outside of the
flagship state universities and the most
prestigious academic powers. The other
real thing too about the enrollment
cliff is that a lot of the smaller state
schools are likely to consolidate. So
like to instead of having two Cal State
schools in a certain metro part area
within Southern California, you may have
them consolidate into one. Say for
example like CSU LA and CSU Domingus
Hills Monday might just merge because
there might not be enough students to
fill up both of those schools. And that
eventually will trickle up the ladder
too and will result in more programs
possibly moving down to division three
or no longer existing or even the power
just converting into professional minor
league teams with a nominal attachment
to the school if they even still have an

[24:01]
to the school if they even still have an
attachment really to the school. If you
look at the sweet 16, pretty much every
team in the sweet 16 is in the top 25 in
terms of athletic department spending
and NIL spending. There's not the
problem with these NIL numbers is that
you see a lot of rumors and things
there, but there's not really a fixed
database that you could find with NIL
spending of each program. So, these are
kind of rough approximation, but it
seems like the correlation between pay
to play is higher. And the other thing
too is there might be a smaller school
that has a very wealthy alumni base and
if they want to play, they can. It's a
more even playing field theoretically if
you have the budget to do so. However,
really the only schools that get enough
media revenue or other or merchandise or
other revenue than enough to finance it
alone are probably the big power
schools. They also since they're bigger
schools and have bigger alumni, they
have mount, they more likely have a
higher probability having enough wealthy
alumni to fully finance an NIL

[25:01]
alumni to fully finance an NIL
collective. Big picture here is you're
going to have more consolidation with a
smaller amount of schools really
competing for national championships.
And you might I said that college
football's at risk of consolidating to a
20 team league. I think you could see
with college basketball consolidating to
40 to 50 team league split into three or
four conferences. I think there's more
room in basketball for other schools to
compete, especially those who don't
offer football because of the lower cost
structures. But the combination of the
22% kicker from the court decision in
terms of paying out revenues and revenue
sharing along with the ease of
transferring is really going to make it
hard for midbers to compete. And if you
are a fan of one of these schools, like
why bother following them? If you are
one of these schools with a athletic
department that is always going to have
its best talent bought out, why bother

[26:00]
its best talent bought out, why bother
having a team if it's not going to have
a chance for a national championship? Or
at least why stay in the same division?
Maybe they'll create a new separation
division one for those who do have the
resources to pay money to get the best
talent and those who don't. And so
division one is going to be small, but
you might have a division two or just
some other division one doubleA or
something like that in the level of
basketball that will create a more
collegiate league versus the
professional league. Let me know what
your thoughts. Am I too pessimistic
about the future of college basketball?
Do you like when I do these economic
breakdowns of certain sports or other
industries? If so, what sport should I
talk about next? Thank you for watching
and please like and subscribe and I will
see you guys