[00:01]
Hello everybody. Welcome to the
analyzing finance with Nick tariff trade
special live stream. A lot of chaos
going on in the markets right now. Um
the liberation day ended up being a lot
more crazy than I expected it to be and
probably most people did.
And today we're going to be talking all
about I'm going to answer your questions
and also just come up with my brief
thoughts on Terrace. But really before
we get into the swing of things, um I
just kind of have to say a few
disclaimers here. Um nothing on this uh
live is investment advice. Uh please do
your own due diligence or hire an
investment advisor to help you for any
trades. I'm not going to be talking
about specific investment ideas or
trades on the basis of this. Um if just

[01:00]
trades on the basis of this. Um if just
from compliance reasons from my end, if
you want that kind of stuff, you could
contact me directly through the form in
the descript. That's linked into the
description. So this is going to be more
of a macro economics talk. But like
basically what's going on here with and
I'm also going to answer the questions
because a lot of you guys wrote some
questions in advance too. Um but yeah,
let's basically what happened. So,
President Trump got elected on a
platform to utilize tariffs. Uh
Secretary Scott Bent when he came in
came on a platform to reduce the budget
deficit to 3% of
GDP and tariffs seemed to be part of
that plan.
Um, no, nobody really knew what to
expect going into Liberation Day about
what the tariffs were going to be,
but they and like but a lot of the more

[02:00]
but they and like but a lot of the more
conservative estimates maybe were say
like 10% tariffs on a few targeted
countries. Um, however, what we got was
just a giant amount of tariffs on pretty
much every country in the world except
for maybe the Vatican.
And their rates vary based on what the
Trump administration calls
um like currency manipulation and trade
barriers and other unfair dealings. And
I was confused originally when I looked
at the formula for this grid. And then
the New York Post came out with a report
that basically showed that they
calculated the tariffs based off of
trade deficits we had with each country.
Um the exact formula really is was
pretty straightforward. It was taking
the difference between what the US
imports and exports and dividing that

[03:00]
imports and exports and dividing that
um into a fraction and then um with a
floor of 10% and then he cut it in half
and called that the reciprocal tariff.
Uh do I think this is the way to run
trade policy? Uh absolutely not. It
seems rather arbitrary to be quite
honest. And the other assumption really
built into that which I think is the
most arbitrary part of it is the idea
that the US should be at break even or a
trade surplus with every single country
in the world. It's one thing if you want
to balance trade overall like on the
global level you want to import the same
amount as you export and there are some
data that is concerning like the US is
the only country in the world where
trade um or GDP has not been boosted by
net trade it's actually trade is a
negative to US GDP and it's become
increasingly a negative of

[04:00]
increasingly a negative of
GDP
but the difference between I want to
balance the trade um deficit and that
every country should have a trade
deficit or a net US surplus is very
different because some countries they
don't really have anything we want to
buy from them but can produce something
themselves really cheap like the example
would be like vanilla in Madagascar
Madagascar doesn't have a consumer
society big enough really to be buying
um American products but they can grow
vanilla a lot more efficiently than
anywhere else in the world and so we
it's not really reasonable to expect us
to have a giant to have a even trade
with Madagascar. They just don't need
our goods. But buying vanilla from
Badagascar such a small percentage of
the overall trade portfolio, it
shouldn't really make a dent. So that's
kind of like one example of this. Uh the
other thing is uh in theory these are

[05:01]
other thing is uh in theory these are
reciprocal tariffs where basically if
other countries lower their trade
barriers the US will lower their trade
barriers accordingly. The problem is
it's really difficult to find data like
whether it's
Trump's assumptions built in which
basically assumes if there's a trade
deficit there must be some sort of
unfair trade practices going on which I
think is incorrect. where on the other
side you see these astronomically low
numbers for tariffs which I don't think
are actually correct either and they
don't fun they don't factor in quotas or
other things other than the stated
tariff rate or maybe the weighted
average tariff rate is low but like the
main product that the US would export to
them is much at a much higher rate so I
think it's difficult to find really what
the real numbers should be on this. But
generally, I think you raise tariffs to
the highest level in a 100 years and

[06:00]
the highest level in a 100 years and
you're doing that without major tax cuts
elsewhere, I think is net negative for
the economy, at least in the short term.
But that is also the assumption though
that these are going to stay. Um if you
look at the fiscal impact of these
tariffs uh the based on the rates of
tariffs that they're expecting to raise
or 500 billion. Let's say they actually
get that. That's the equivalent revenue
of raising the income taxes on every
bracket by 26% on the federal level in
the United States. I don't really think
anybody in America voted for that level
of fiscal tightening. And let's just say
there's plenty of people who manage to
work around the tariffs or and and they
collect half of what is expected, which
is probably more realistic, then that
still has the same impact as increasing
income taxes by about 15%. Across the
board.

[07:00]
board.
And if you had
um a um an income tax hike of 15% or 26%
overnight, I think the market would have
a similar negative reaction to what it
did right now. It could be worse. But
like to to have this level of radical
fiscal policy change not even going in
the geopolitical consequences of it is
going to have a negative effect of the
economy and increases the probability of
recession. Uh the other thing is how are
other countries going to respond? Well
based on what I've read so far a lot of
countries have come to the table. Uh,
Canada has been in talks to resolve all
the non USMCA tariffs. Same with Mexico.
And I think really in terms of a
country, the biggest winner from this
entire policy is Mexico. Um, Mexico is

[08:00]
entire policy is Mexico. Um, Mexico is
going to be where a lot of the
manufacturing moves because they benefit
from the old NAFTA, new USMCA rules, but
they have a lower cost, enough of a cost
basis that it still makes sense to make
some of the stuff that does not make
sense to ever make in the US. like those
who think we're going to bring back the
old bluecollar factory jobs of Michigan
in the 50s and the 60s and that you're
going to be able to make the equivalent
of a six figure salary just turning
widgets at a factory because of these
tariffs is that's not realistic. That's
not going to happen. Manufacturing is
coming back to the US. It's going to be
coming back through robotics and
automation. uh like a data center hires
about or a factory hires anywhere from
500 to 3,000 people. Let's just say you
bring back
um a hundred of these across two of them
in every state. So a hundred of these

[09:00]
in every state. So a hundred of these
across the country, that's about the
same as one month of jobs print. So um
that's just to put some perspective on
what this means from a more quantitative
perspective. But back to what other
countries and then you see the pesos has
been fairing relatively well on this
news which is and Mexican equities have
fared relatively well too because they
are a relative winner on this because a
lot of industry and business is going to
move down there because it has a simil
EM level cost profile but it has it's
insulated from the trade barriers. Uh
India um has mentioned that they're
possibly going to negotiate, but
nothing's really come out of that. Uh
South Korea um is going through its own
political turmoil and um they might
order some
negotiations. Um the EU has kind of been
one of the more stubborn players in
this. They haven't really come out to be

[10:01]
this. They haven't really come out to be
open to really any negotiations. There's
some countries like Italy and Spain who
have, but the EU collectively has been a
little bit quiet on this. Vietnam has
been willing to drop its tariffs. Same
with Cambodia. Uh, Israel has been
willing to drop its tariffs, but that's
a a report that really doesn't have any
sources confirming it yet. And Japan has
also showed willingness to negotiate. Uh
the biggest players though um who from
this tariff battle, China and the EU
have been the ones the least likely to
negotiate. In fact, China's the first
one to officially retaliate by matching
the tariff increase on US goods. Um, if
you want like some more concepts, um,
more details on what the
administration's perspective in the most
articulate way and I recommend listening
to Tucker Carlson's most recent podcast
where he interviewed Scott Bent. Like
Bent has a markets background and a

[11:00]
Bent has a markets background and a
hedge fund background. So he kind of
understands a lot of like the economic
flows and dynamics of this and kind of
can explain what seems to try to put
some face of rationality to a lot of
this. Um but like if you want to get the
best perspective from the administration
itself, I would just be following what
Bent has to say on all these kind of
things.
and he's and I re and the interviews he
said is really interesting is that the
main goal of these tariffs
um is not just
um trying to get everybody to lower
their tariffs. I mean I think this is a
negotiation front. I don't if you had if
I had to bet on it I don't think these
tariffs that were instituted on
Wednesday will still be there at the
same levels um six months from now. they
will be much lower for most of these
countries. Um how much lower that is to
be determined. Uh some people think that

[12:02]
be determined. Uh some people think that
the 10% part is just going to be is the
is actually the end goal and that's
what's going to stick. You're just going
to have a 10% tariff on most countries.
So maybe some exemptions of a few allies
such as the NAFTA countries, Australia,
the UK,
etc. Um others think it might be higher,
but it's really too early to determine
that. Uh the other thing that I thought
that's interesting that really um that
Bent was commenting on is that a lot of
these tariff goals are really to help
try to rebalance the opportunities for
the bottom 50% of the society or really
just the losers of the elephant curve of
globalization. So in America that'd be
like the 10th to the 70th percentile of
income. Like the bottom 10 was always
dependent on social welfare and then the
top 30 benefited a lot from
globalization, but that middle tier of

[13:01]
globalization, but that middle tier of
people were big losers uh due to all of
these developments. And he said an
interesting quote which is basically
that you had a record amount of European
vacations for Americans last year, but
at the same time you also had a record
amount of Americans going to food banks.
And that's kind of what they're trying
to address here is that like the bottom
50% of and 88% of stocks in this country
are owned by the top 10% of Americans
and the bottom 50% are in debt and zero
and zero stocks. So like a lot of the
shifting of the base to more towards the
working class and younger people who do
not have as much
assets, they are not as hurt. Like I'm
surprised by a lot of comments of people
and surprisingly not caring that the
stock market um is going down among
Trump's base. Uh and they'd rather they

[14:02]
Trump's base. Uh and they'd rather they
say, "Hey, that's a good thing. I mean,
screw the they're basically saying screw
the wealthy boomers so I can have a
chance." And that seems a little
shortsighted from my perspective. I
mean, but again, the stock market is its
own variable. There are plenty of
reasons for it to correct anyway. Like
the US consumer was stretched before all
this tariff stuff. No matter who won the
election, I think there was going to be
a recession this year. it. The catalysts
this time are going to be Doge layoffs
and tariffs, but if the other side won,
it was going to be giant income tax
hikes and likely increases in
inflation for maintaining the exist
pre-existing policies. So, it was kind
of a issue either way. Um, to be honest,
it's just a matter of how it was going
to play out.
And the other question I get is like are
tariffs before I go to your question the
other comment I want to go to is are
tariffs inflationary because like the

[15:00]
tariffs inflationary because like the
consensus is that oh tariffs
automatically mean a lot of inflation.
Uh I don't think that's necessarily the
case. Um when it comes to tariffs the
importers definitely are the ones who
are paying. So if anybody saying
otherwise is kind of being misleading
here. Like if you want to import
something from a tariff country, you
have to pay it kind of like you're
paying sales tax when you buy something
at a retail outlet here in this country
or on Amazon. Um that's how it works.
The thing is though is that the cost is
not immediately directly onto the
consumer because there are a few things
that can happen. One, the exporter can
negotiate to reimburse some of the
tariff or discount their prices to
partially absorb the cost of the tariff.
Second, the the importer and the end
retailer will probably have to cut
somewhat on their margins. And then the
remaining cost increase will be passed
to the consumer. And whether that's a
third, a third, a third, or 00100 or 100

[16:04]
third, a third, a third, or 00100 or 100
really depends on the microeconomics of
each industry.
So like the reason why you were able to
see price hikes passed so much during
like the COVID reaction in the 2021 2022
was because you had a very tight labor
market. You had a lot of stimulus money
and Fed liquidity coming in giving
people a lot of cash to spend. So there
was more money to go around and chase um
less goods. And so now it's a very
different picture. You have monetary
policy tightening you or just being
relatively tight. You have people's
incomes kind of stretched
like people like rec like credit card
debts have been spiking. Auto loan debt
and default has been spiking. Savings
rates are pretty low by historical
levels. So there isn't that dry powder
for consumers to buy. It's like great
you can ra the store can raise your
prices but if nobody's going to buy that

[17:03]
prices but if nobody's going to buy that
if there's no demand they can't hold
them at those levels and the demand part
is missing which is why I don't think at
least in the short term in the medium
term like the next year these tariffs
are going to result on the net for a lot
a large amount of inflation. I think
some luxury goods like French wines for
example, you probably will see most of
that passed on to the consumers because
those are targeting more affluent
individuals who are less price
sensitive. But the products cater to
more middle and lowerass people, they
just you you can't squeeze blood out of
a turnup. Uh and also the other thing
with inflation is 41% of inflation is
housing. So in the housing market is
determined by mortgage affordability and
rent affordability. So even if the
construction costs for homes go up, it
doesn't change the affordability
calculation for the end buyer, whether
it's the end the the buyer of a house or
the renter. And so as a result, there

[18:01]
the renter. And so as a result, there
are some be some costs going up maybe,
but a lot of those costs are probably
going to be eaten by the builders or um
through the sellers of of real estate or
the landlords. So, it's not really
straightforward that all these instantly
get passed up. Um, so now with
um when it comes to um that's my opening
thoughts on tariffs and now I'm going to
get started with your guys' questions.
Uh before that though, I just want to
remind you guys we're having our next um
live actually our next meetup in person
tomorrow in Newport Beach. Um, and we're
going to be having our next ones in
Texas at the end of this month. Dallas
on April 25th, Austin on April 27th, and
I'm heading out to New York on um the
10th of May. So, if you want to um and
Philadelphia on May 12th, I'll put those
in a comment after this or in the
description. But, if you want to see me

[19:01]
description. But, if you want to see me
live in person and ask more questions
directly, that's the way to do it. But
now, let's go on to your questions that
you wrote for me in advance. and thank
you guys for doing that. Uh first um the
question I have is what are the main
scenarios on the menu? Which countries
have the biggest upside possibilities
from this havoc and how much risk of
retaliation is that on US-based
corporation foreign branches?
Okay. So um when it comes to the
scenarios on the menu, I think the main
scenario that is going to be
negotiations. I think most countries are
going to come to the table and negotiate
to cut their tariffs. The thing that's
interesting about this though is that it
kind of breaks the liberal international
order of old where you can want to watch
my video on the liberal international
order if you want to see more of my
thoughts on this. But is the idea that
the US subsidi guaranteed defense and
subsidized a lot of countries
development and manufacturing capacity

[20:01]
development and manufacturing capacity
in exchange for reducing the probability
of war and creating a bigger global
market for trade. Um however over the
last 20 or 30 years it's become
increasingly unaffordable for the US to
maintain this order by themselves and
they're trying to shift the costs on to
other people. And Trump has kind of been
the biggest advocate of shifting these
costs, whether it's through um pulling
out uh threatening to pull out a NATO or
just giving less defense commitments to
uh European allies andor these tariffs
trying to rebalance trade so the US
doesn't have to have a giant trade
deficit to subsidize um the production
of the rest of the world. Uh this is
probably as big of a shift in the
economic picture as like what happened
with Nixon removing the gold standard in
71 or the Plaza court in ' 85 or the
original
um or China entering the WTO in 2001 or
the original Bretton Woods in 1944. This

[21:00]
the original Bretton Woods in 1944. This
is this is that big of a deal really in
the big picture is as it's realigning
that America is no longer going to be
the um consumer of last resort for
everybody else.
And
so this realignment is going to be uh
tricky depending on because a lot of
countries have built their entire models
on exporting to the US and those
countries are going to have to adjust to
either have their own consumers consume
more or find other buyers for their
products. Some countries such as China
are big, so big that they're going to
have
to create their own consumption
um because there's just not enough
people who have high enough incomes in
the rest of the world to buy it. And
China could do it possibly because if
you look at the raw numbers, the number
of people who have like a developed
economy level income, say like 30,000
USD or more in China is about 150
million people, which is about the same

[22:01]
million people, which is about the same
as the middle class population in the
United States, even though it's a much
smaller
percentage. Uh, but it's going to be a
challenge for them to do that and it's
gonna in some countries will have an
easier time doing it. ones who are less
export dependent. Um the countries the
biggest upside I think Mexico has the
biggest upside. Um I I think a lot of
other Latin American countries have a
significant upside too. Uh but Mexico is
because they have the cost structure of
a EM country but with the favorable
trade deal they're going to be a big
source of onshoring.
Um and then how
much what's it
called?
Um okay the other compliance um the
other question really is how much
retaliation risk is
um is there for foreign branches? I mean
there could be political boycots like

[23:01]
there could be political boycots like
Canada you started to see a lot of
uproar but Canada is kind of a unique
situation because they have a
um their whole a lot of their national
identity in certain parts of their
political spectrum is dependent on being
contra to the US or just opposing US
policy to stand out and develop a unique
identity. But I think it could happen
with other countries too that be like,
"Look, we don't like what Trump's doing
and his tariffs are hurting our economy.
We're gonna protest by not buying US
goods." I don't think foreign
branches within companies, but that's
kind of the way um it would do it. Um
the next thing um I would say for the
question I have is what chance you think
tariff policy is going to work in the
long
run as well as what extent short-term
pain will be if possible to hold out for
the long-term benefits. Well the
short-term pain is that this greatly

[24:01]
short-term pain is that this greatly
increases probability of recession. uh
that is um the uh that's kind of the
main short-term pain risk and whether it
drags out to a longer like people cite
Smoot Holly which is the 1930 tariff
that happened during the great
depression. The key is that a the Great
Depression started over a year before
Smooth Holly started in 1929 with the
stock market crash and the Miami well
not just Miami but the Florida housing
bubble busting which I mentioned in that
book the bubble of the sun goes into
that story. So it did if it it probably
might have extended the depression but
then you could also say the New Deal
extended the depression too because the
depression basically was from 1929 to
1945 of 16 years of bad times. And
speaking of that, I'm actually
considering doing a
series on the future on this channel
about
um previous economic booms like good
decades and like what distinguished them

[25:01]
decades and like what distinguished them
and why things work. We always hear all
the time on why the economies are bad.
Like when like why did the great
depression happen and why was it so
terrible or why is 2008 so terrible or
why was like the last four years
generally terrible with inflation or the
70s but you never really hear about what
made things work during good times. It's
like the assumption built into our side
that the economy is naturally good and
it takes some intervention to make it
bad. But sometimes it's there's actually
cattle there's that drive the good
economies. I want to do one about the
90s and the 80s and the 20s and the 50s
in the US and maybe also the 2010s. And
then for other countries like I'd like
to talk about say China from 79 to 2007
or Britain in the 90s or Japan in the
80s. I think this could be an
interesting series. So let me know what
you guys think about that. Um, but back
to the question, um, that I think that
they I think they have in terms of

[26:00]
they I think they have in terms of
holding out for long-term benefits, they
could realistically hold out maybe a
year in my opinion. Again, this is just
me speculating, though, because um,
let's just assume that the midterms are
gone. like I don't really see any
chances that the Republicans are going
to keep the House and even the Senate
odds are starting to scarily inch up for
the Democrats in
um
2026.
So, and if you look at Reagan is a good
analogy for this. He instituted a lot of
painful reforms in the beginning of his
presidency. Whether it was having
allowing Vulkar to hike up rates to u
mid double digits for the Federal
Reserve and um the recession that was as
a consequence of that and other painful
fiscal reforms that happened in the
early 80s. Um that is a
um that lasted and the markets didn't
really bottom until 1982.

[27:00]
really bottom until 1982.
The economy was still struggling really
until about 1982 and then it took off
for the rest of Reagan's two terms. That
is probably the time frame is that the
president wants to have this economic
pain start to go the right direction by
the 28 election. And in order to do
that, you're going to need to be able to
resolve the things that are holding the
economy
back, I would say, by 20 sometime in
2026. Like if you let this drag out too
long, um it could cause a lot of adverse
unintended consequences and also the
economy may not recover in time to help
your electoral chances. So, if I'm
looking at from their perspective, I
think that's the time that they can hold
out. And yeah, the long-term benefits
really, if there are, is that you have
less of your federal revenues reliant on
income taxes, which the US out of,

[28:02]
income taxes, which the US out of,
despite having relatively low income
taxes, has a bigger percentage of its
tax revenue coming from income and
payroll taxes than any other developed
country. Most other countries make up
from this from having a VAT. Um there's
a value added tax and the tariffs are
kind of like a light version of that
indirectly, but that's it's a tax on
every step of the value chain that
um is how like it's kind of like a sales
tax in a way, but they're generally much
higher levels. And that's how they help
pay for these much larger welfare states
in countries like in in Europe. and also
the fact that they haven't had to pay
for military for a long time thanks to
the liberal international order. But um
so that's one possible long-term
benefit. The other thing is you have
more geopolitical stability if you make
a lot of your key strategic assets in
the United States. I think the jobs
benefits that people are hoping for I

[29:00]
benefits that people are hoping for I
don't think are there entirely. I mean,
there will be some jobs in terms of like
repairing these robots and developing AI
to help make these factories more
efficient and operate data centers, but
it's not the same as like again having a
whole company town in the Midwest
relying on an auto factory like it was
in the 50s. Uh, but yeah, hopefully that
answers your question. Uh, but yeah, how
this affects the global economy in the
short term and the long term. Short
term, as I said, yeah, it's going to be
more economic pain and you're probably
going to see some holdouts. Um, I don't
think inflation is going to be as bad as
people fear because of the lack of
purchasing power consumers have. Uh,
long term, I think this is other
countries in the world are going to
adapt and rebuild their economies to be
less reliant on US consumption with and
also maybe trigger other sorts of
political reforms to make their
economies more competitive. Um I think a
the rest of the world probably benefits
a lot from this in the long term as a
result of this. And in the US long term

[30:03]
result of this. And in the US long term
um you can you'll have I guess more
geopolitical stability and
um possibly more higher paying jobs but
it's too early to say. Um I mean if they
if they able to to tie this with an
income tax um reduction like the
proposal that the secretary of commerce
Howard Lucknik has come out and said is
like we can if the tariffs theoretically
could
finance like elimination of the income
tax for everybody who makes under
$150,000 a year. In theory that would
work if the tariffs raise as much as
they anticipate it to. Um, but the thing
is is that tariffs, as I've mentioned in
my previous presentation about different
forms of taxes I did back in December,
uh, are can be worked around and I don't
think the amount of revenue they're
going to raise is high enough that

[31:00]
going to raise is high enough that
they're going to be able to do that. Um,
the next question is who is going to
absorb China's production surplus? Uh,
good question. I don't really know who's
going to absorb China's production
surplus. I mean, some of this belt and
road initiative is to help develop some
of the surrounding emerging market
economies so their incomes are high
enough to buy some of this stuff. I
mean, their own consumers potentially
can buy some of it, but it's they have
the I think the biggest trade surplus of
all time on an absolute basis for sure
and maybe in relative to GDP and that's
not going to be easy to fill.
Um, President Trump has said that
tariffs will be manufacturing back to
the US. How likely do you think, given
the labor in the USA is much more
expensive than other countries, how long
do you think the US market to appeal
investors for this?
Um, I'm not going to go into the
comments on the markets specifically,
uh, but it I think that it really

[32:01]
uh, but it I think that it really
depends on the specific item and,
um, and whether it's how automatable it
is. And yeah, I'm getting a lot of
questions in the live, which I'll get
to. Uh, but after I do the presscripted
questions, I only have a couple left.
Um, if you want to make sure your
question gets answered, please leave a
super chat because it's going to be hard
for me to go through all of them. So,
yeah, Shannon, I got yours the super
chat and the question is, why is the
risk this now? Most people voted for him
to fix the economy. How does this work
with
liberationist economics? First of all,
what do you mean by liberationist
economics? If you can clarify that me
that would help. But yeah, a good
question is why well you want to risk
this now is because um you want to get
the pain out in the first year of your
term because if you do it later it
compromises the midterms or the
elections. So that really kind of
explains the timing like they have

[33:01]
explains the timing like they have
realistically two years to get all their
policy reforms done. And then there's
and so if you want to do this this is
the time to do it. um because there's
the less there's the least amount of
electoral consequences for doing this
right now and they're anticipating that
within 12 months there'll be a
resolution one way or the other and that
hopefully will mean these economy will
trending the right way into the 26
midterms. So that really explains why
would they be doing this right now. Uh
also just in general like in terms of a
broader stage, why do this at all? like
not just from a political cycle thing is
because a lot of people think that the
current liberal international order is
unsustainable and is dying out and they
say cite things like the inequality like
the re like relatively high poverty
rates in the US how housing prices are
at an average multiple that is relative
to income higher than any time in human
history in American history in other

[34:01]
history in American history in other
countries it's been much higher um and
um also that you're just feeling like a
lot of social contract issues. Like I
saw something that Gen Z men actually
are more right-wing than 70 year old
white um right um 70-year-old men which
the fact that that's the case is kind of
a sign that there's kind of a let it
burn mentality and if you kept going the
assistant path and again this is why I
recommend
re reading patents or listening to his
interviews because he's more better at
articulating their thesis than I am is
you've got like generally a lot of
people who are giving up and you need to
provide some sort of motivation for the
younger people to participate in society
and that usually and that would be like
um a healthier domestic economy and more
like affordable cost of living. I don't

[35:01]
like affordable cost of living. I don't
know if tariffs are really the the the
answer and the way he's doing it I think
is kind of arbitrary but that's what
they're trying to address the bomb 50%
of people who felt like they've been
left behind and seem like there's some
sort of effort there.
Um but in terms of what's going to back
to the other question and the
presscripted question what um they're
going to do before
um come like in terms of who's going to
come back in terms of manufacturing it's
really depends on how automatable your
product is. If it could be done with
robots relatively easily uh it's going
to come back quickly. uh if it can't
well it's going to go to Mexico if it's
going to go anywhere but eventually
Mexico per capita living standards are
going to go up or it doesn't even make
sense to do it in Mexico anymore and the
robots might not be there to fill it and
I don't really know where that
manufacturing is going to go to be quite
honest with
you but that is um yeah the stuff that

[36:03]
you but that is um yeah the stuff that
can and a lot of the manufacturing
robotics technology is pretty advanced
and a flying humanoid robots are on the
way and I've done videos about this
about mobile last May if you want to
know more details about that. And the
last of the presscripted questions I
have
is how do you think the EU will respond?
Well, it really depends if you think the
EU is rational or not. um like they did
show some signs of um the
um of like being more consiliatory
through promising auto tariff reductions
like a few months ago to kind of preempt
this. But if you've seen like the more
recent releases from what Ursula voner,
which I think her name is, the leader of
the EU, um has said is that and Macron
in France is that they seem like they
might be more willing to fight this. And
I think the EU likes from a political
perspective and like an ego perspective

[37:00]
perspective and like an ego perspective
likes to take the role as like the
vanguard against Trump and kind of be
like the new resistance for a lack of a
better term. And if they let that get
into their heads, they could drag this
out for a while. But the EU's economy is
even more fragile than the US. They have
the demographic and structural problems
that the that are motivating the US to
do what it's doing now happened 10 years
ago. So,
um, yeah, I mean, I don't I think they
will come to the table eventually, but I
think they'll be one of the last parties
to come to the table. Uh, but now let's
go to all of your guys's questions
because I've gone through all the
presscripted questions
here. And yeah, feel free again um, if
there's going to be a lot here because
this is a a hectic topic. Feel free to
ask what you want. Super chat to
priority. No specific stock trading or
investment questions. Um, if you want
markets questions, just contact me

[38:01]
markets questions, just contact me
directly. Um, and we could talk about
that privately. Are the tariffs good
long term? I like the gold behind, but I
feel like even if bring manufacturing to
the US, deterring trade will offset the
benefits. Uh it depends on what the
level of the tariffs are. Um if they're
too high, it's going to be probably bad.
um if they're if they I think in or if
if they if they get if this tariffs is
like a negotiation tool to have more
free trade in the long run then it's a
good thing like some countries are
responding by getting rid of or reducing
their tariffs that's probably that's a
good thing. I generally am in favor of
free trade as long as it's actually free
trade and they're not just subsidizing
other countries manufacturing. Um, and
that's probably the model that's going
to end because the US just doesn't have
the extra capacity. When you have the

[39:01]
the extra capacity. When you have the
the inequality and the social problems
we have in the country, that's a sign
that the US can no longer afford to
really subsidize the rest of the world.
Uh yeah, it could have some marginally
positive effects for the budget. I
actually in my video about how to
balance the budget anticipated like
about 150 billion maybe in tariff
revenue being added versus what the 550
that they're projecting um from these
tariffs. I just think at these current
levels it does more harm than good. But
long run if they're structured um right
it could it's but the thing is is that
tariffs are attacks. That's the thing
you guys don't want to forget. Like a
tariff isn't some magical policy
solution that's going to bring
highpaying lowskilled jobs into America.
It's a import tax which kind of
functions as a light version of a VAT.
Um and like any other tax, it's a net
negative for the economy. But the
question is which taxes are the least

[40:00]
question is which taxes are the least
net negative? Like if you're going to
have the government at a certain size,
if you're not going to pretty much cut
all of Social Security and all of
Medicare, you're going to have to have
some sort of revenue coming in. And is
tariffs a less painful way to bring in
those revenues than income tax hikes? Um
I think in general, yes. But like a 5%
income tax hike, for example, would be
better than a 26%
um a tariff that's the same as a 26%
increase in income tax hikes. And that's
the problem we have right now is that
these tariffs in terms of their fiscal
drag is the same as hiking income taxes
by about 25 to 26% across the board. So
you you have to look at levels. Oh, how
do you spell Scott Descent's name? Be ss
n t. Um to is toast masters paying off?
Yeah, I think it is. I mean, have you
noticed I've been saying a lot less ums
I think in these live streams. So yeah,
for those who don't know, I did Toast
Masters for about two years before

[41:01]
Masters for about two years before
starting this channel, which has helped
me with my speaking abilities. Um, how
long do recessions generally last? What
are your thoughts on this recession?
Quick bounce back. Um, I mean, the
average bare market lasts anywhere from
9 to 18 months in terms of like a stock
market. Recessions, they usually last
about six to
six to 12 months. Like the the the 08
recession which was abnormally long
lasted from December 07 to
about like March09. So that would be
about 14 months, but that was a very
deep one or it might even lasted deeper
into 2009. So if I'm wrong about that,
feel free to correct me.
like yeah they generally last about like
12 months or so or at the most but some

[42:00]
12 months or so or at the most but some
could be longer like the great
depression the first recession of the
great depression lasted almost four
years but that's the outlier and then
there's others like the COVID recession
which only lasted like three months u
but even though a technical definition
of recession is two months or more of
GDP growth contracting the contraction
was just so sharp during the pandemic IC
that the MBER still counted as a
recession. Whereas in 2022 when you had
two um GDP Q1 and Q2 were both negative
contracting but since they're relatively
small contractions I guess the NER
didn't count that as a recession. So,
it's a it's a subjective thing, but
yeah, I mean quick like I mean it really
depends on how much of like the fat and
like the structural bloating of the
economy is allowed to clear like
recessions where the market is allowed
to clear a lot of the the the
the parts of the economy that had
malinvestment and excessive pricing. you

[43:02]
malinvestment and excessive pricing. you
tend to have sharp bouncebacks. If you
have a lot of delays to prevent it from
clearing like '08 and the and the
depression and the 70s, then they tend
to drag out longer and you could just
have lost decades like in Japan where
they tried to paper over their losses by
just printing money and doing more and
more stimulus and like the result is
that it delayed what would have been
maybe a pretty bad recession for a
couple years into a 10-year lost decade.
So yeah, that's um my answer to that
question.
Uh do all right, I think that Nick, I
think that money printing is
inflationary. Everything else is price
fluctuation. Do you have a different
view? That's like the Austrian
perspective that increasing the money
supply is inflation. And I generally
agree with that. It just takes time for
it to realize. And the reason why you

[44:00]
it to realize. And the reason why you
see a lot of speculative booms and busts
is because you have an uneven flows of
that increase of the money supply. So
like for example in the 03 07 housing
bubble, you had um all this money supply
increase from easing monetary policy,
but it almost all went into real estate.
So you didn't really see that much
consumer price inflation, but you saw a
lot of housing price inflation because
that's where the hot money was going.
Whereas in the last cycle, you saw a lot
of it more go into consumer pricing
because the stimulus was in the form of
direct stimulus checks and extend
unemployment benefits. So the inflation
went more directly into consumer prices
and relatively less into asset prices.
So yeah, like it's just I I agree
generally that um increased money supply
is the primary driver of inflation. I am
just a college student. How should a
college student navigate a recession? It
depends when you're graduating. Like if
you're a freshman right now, this is
probably a good time to be in college
because by the time you graduate, all
this stuff will be blown over. If you're

[45:01]
this stuff will be blown over. If you're
graduating this year, yeah, you're going
to have a harder time finding a job. I
mean, I could relate because I graduated
shortly after the financial crisis and
the financial industry was kind of not
doing so well, not hiring young people
from non-target schools. So, I just had
to had to work extra hard to kind of get
my initial foot in the door and it took
a lot longer than I expected it to. So,
it's really about timing. Um, yeah. So,
that's my answer to you. Uh, the next
thing is uh question I have is what
about real estate and homes? Uh, let's
see. I mean, if you're in the home
construction business, this is probably
bad for you because your costs are going
up and it's going to be hard for you to
pass on those to consumers outside of
very high-end wealthy markets because
again, the average consumer stretch and
home affordability is already super bad.

[46:00]
home affordability is already super bad.
So yeah, it's the margins are probably
going to be lower for for home for bu
construction terms of buying a house. If
you do see the inflation that people
fear from the tariffs, that means people
will have less money to spend on housing
because the rest of their budget is
higher now. And so that would mean
housing theoretically would become more
affordable because you have a lower bid.
This is kind of what happened in the 70s
when you had the baseline of energy,
particularly oil inflation, go up and a
lot of commodities and housing prices
stayed kind of flat in nominal terms,
but they lost in real terms because um
the inflation that was going elsewhere
in the economy, including wages. So,
that could be another scenario really
for for housing, but I wouldn't say it's
necessarily it's not it's not entirely
clear. Do you think Congress will be
able to repeal his tariffs? No, they
would need to have 66% veto override.

[47:00]
would need to have 66% veto override.
And unless if this this tariffs become
just an unmitigated disaster and bring
on the next great depression, I don't
see the political will of 66% of
Congress to be willing to do
anything. Do you think, pal, what
countries concede and why? Long-term
risks. That's the next super chat
question. Um the smaller the country,
the more likely it's to concede.
Basically, um you've already seen some
countries concede. Like there's reports
of Thailand, Israel, Vietnam,
um Cambodia have all been willing to
come to the table and drop their
tariffs.
Uh so yeah, because if you're a smaller
country and you rely on it at US exports
and you don't really contribute that
much to the bigger trade deficit like
Europe and
China, the I think they'll be more
flexible to lowering trade barriers
because you have a lot more to lose than

[48:01]
because you have a lot more to lose than
the US does from not trading with you.
So I think smaller countries are the
ones who are going to concede and I
think eventually most countries will
come to a deal but the larger countries
are the ones with more negotiating power
and the least likely to come to a deal
which is China, Japan, South Korea and
the European
Union.
Um so yeah that's that's the answer to
your question.
Um, a lot of um, left-wing media is says
that the tariffs will help the
billionaire class, but I don't see the
losses u, don't these losses affect the
wealthiest the most? Um, in terms of the
stock market, yeah, definitely. I mean,
again, 88% of the stock market is owned
by the top 10% and I think it's about a
little less than half are owned by the
top 1%. I mean that sounds alarming in
theory, but that's just a standard
almost a standard parareo distribution

[49:00]
almost a standard parareo distribution
where the top 20% own 80%. Or the top
20% get 80% of the results and then the
top 20% of that get 80% of that 20%. And
so yeah, that kind of leads to it's it's
almost a it's a natural it's almost a
natural paro distribution. And yeah,
they're going to get hit the most in the
short term because um their stocks are
going to go down and corporate margins
are going to go down. Like there's no
way that these tariffs are going to hold
and these companies are going to be able
to completely pass on these costs to the
consumer, especially since this the hot
labor market keeping wages up.
And so that's um the uh that's what I
think is theoretically Musk could
benefit personally for automobile
tariffs because he's primarily a US auto
company and his competitors may suffer
higher tariffs. But a lot of foreign
auto companies manufacture a lot of

[50:00]
auto companies manufacture a lot of
their cars in America like Toyota has
plants in the southeast US. So does
Mercedes and BMW and Volkswagen. So,
it's not as that either. Uh, but I think
really the biggest losers really of the
tariff are people who consume the most
discretionary goods. Uh, and so yeah,
that means it's probably the upper
middle classes are the ones and the
upper classes who lose relatively more.
Um, but so I don't really see the idea
of tariffs disproportionately benefiting
the rich unless if they think there's
some cabal who just has a bunch of cash
waiting to buy the stock market on a dip
and they have some secret inside
information
that they're going to allow them to have
an edge in terms of acquiring assets
which is just not really true based on
reality. So
um yeah, what's it called? If the US is

[51:01]
um yeah, what's it called? If the US is
made as top priority manufacturing
production of the Midwest of the 50s
would even be possible or is
incompatible with modernity? I mean it I
don't think they could bring back
manufacturing to the Midwest. I think
there is there's there's plenty of manu
heavy industry still in places like
Wisconsin and Illinois and Indiana and
Ohio. But the thing is is that it's not
going to be the jobs that you're not
going to get your simple 40 hours a week
cranking a widget and being able to send
your kids to college. That's not coming
back. That was a product of a world
destroyed by World War II and the US
having the only ones with manufacturing
capacity left and nobody to compete
with. Uh that's not really that's kind
of what drove the 50s. And also the
living standards in the 50s were not as
high as people think they were. Like the
average home size was half in terms of
square footage as it is today. A lot of

[52:01]
square footage as it is today. A lot of
like basic technological access we take
for granted didn't really exist in the
50s. Like sure it was it was a higher
probability of having a one-inccome
household,
but it was not really the same like
quality of life that a one-inccome
household, somebody who can afford to do
that has today. But I think the
manufacturing will disproportionately
come back to the Midwest because land is
cheap there and they don't have water
issues because of the Great Lakes and
they probably are bigger beneficiaries.
If there is a serious climate change
issue, um I'm not going to get into the
climate change debate, but if it were to
happen, that's probably a region that
would benefit from it. Like it's already
has in terms of agricultural yields. And
if there's a severe drought or water
crisis in the Southwest that might cause
a population to move back to the Midwest
and affordable housing might drive
people out to the Midwest, especially

[53:01]
people out to the Midwest, especially
the age of remote jobs, but it like but
it's not going to be the same way. Um
yeah. All right. So, and it's funny.
It's all the left-wingers who like with
tariff, they they tend to be the most
anti-free market people normally, but
they all of a sudden are the most
capitalist people in the world when it
comes to tariffs. And I'm saying this as
somebody who's personally not a fan of
the tariffs and think that the
calculations that Trump did for his
reciprocal tariffs are, I don't know,
very dubious. But I just find that to be
a funny
um example. Isn't Buffett the cabal in
that example? No. I mean, Buffett has a
disproportionate amount in cash, but I
don't think that's because of some
conspiracy. It's just because valuations
have been relatively high in markets and
he hasn't found anything attractive
enough to deploy that money with. Um,
let's

[54:00]
let's
see. Is the US going to be able to fully
re-industrialize and keep its reserve
currency staff at the same time? Also,
is this re-industrialization necessary
for Chinese/Russian threats?
Um yeah. So um yeah, I think there is
some strategic concern like the the
pandemic exposed that we had a lot of
things like medical supplies and
emergency equipment and defense critical
products that were dependent on supply
chains in other countries and that was
probably a big driver for like the fact
that the semi-dunter industry is
concentrated in Taiwan which is a very
geopolitically sensitive place in the
world.
So that is I think driving some of this.
But um I think this is not entirely I
think this is a lot of it is an
emotional reaction from the voting base
who wants a houseion days of um relative

[55:02]
who wants a houseion days of um relative
income increases for the bottom 50% of
the population. And we have seen those.
It's just that it's too early in the
process for people to kind of realize it
um entirely. Um do you think the Fed
will cut rates more than twice this year
or remain on the two rate cut
plan? If there's recession, they're
cutting way more than that. And where
they might do it in two rate cuts, but
each rate cut will be 50 basis points or
greater because if there's no recession,
then there might not be any rate cuts.
It's a very binary model, but assuming
recession happens, I think they'll cut
rates and I think the floor for rates
could
be probably about maybe I don't think
it'll I don't think they'll go below 2%
on the Fed funds. I don't know what the
exact floor would be, but yeah, there'll
be a major rate cut if this goes to
recession. Um, can you talk about trade
deficits are the the current balance by

[56:00]
deficits are the the current balance by
issuing treasuries to the nation which
we have the imbalance with?
Um no not entirely. Uh there's a few
things. One the trade deficit is not
really as bad in one way because there
are service imports. So say for example
yeah the goods trade deficit is about
1.2 trillion I think a year. But if you
factor
in services
um that goes down by about 300 billion
approximately. So 25% of it comes back
through like for example the US
exporting financial services consulting
um legal services like other things that
like that are are like or if I went on a
tour to Europe like that like that
revenue like stuff like that partially
balances it but
uh the other side is that is capital
flows so it's not like the government

[57:00]
flows so it's not like the government
has I mean there are some exceptions
that are more top- down economies like
Singapore or China where the government
does have
like more control of reserves but
generally these trade surpluses
um what happens is that you have excess
capital and that money is can be used
for to be to basically be reinvested in
the United States. So some of that is
through
treasuries.
Um then
um and that that's where the treasuries
comes from. Other people will use it to
buy other things. They'll buy
commodities. They'll buy US stocks.
They'll invest directly in American real
estate or private equity or things like
that. So usually the the trade deficit
is usually equaled by the investment
capital surplus. So if you have a high
trade deficit and a lot and people no
longer wanting to invest in the United

[58:00]
longer wanting to invest in the United
States, that's when you have a
problem. And um yeah, in terms of
whether the trade is less than reported,
it depends. I think some people report
the trade deficit with including
services and some sources do it without.
So it really depends on the reporting.
Um yeah, that's um kind of my question.
The other thing
um I was going to that that's some of
that that answers a lot of my questions.
Um I will keep going for at least
another 15 minutes. If you guys have
more questions, feel free to ask them in
the chat. While I'm waiting for more
questions, I'm going to remind everybody
about the analyzing finance with Nick
tour. Tomorrow I'm speaking live in
person in Orange County, California if
you want to come. And then I'm going to
Texas um the next
um few days at the end of April. April
25th I will be in Dallas and April 27th
I will be in um Austin, Texas. And then

[59:04]
I will be in um Austin, Texas. And then
then after that we are going to New York
u May 10th and
Philadelphia on um May 12th. And then
after that we will be going to
um Chicago June 14th, DC June 7th, and
then Europe in the summer. So I will
push the link of the full calendar into
um the uh the description. But now I'll
go back to answering questions. Um whose
export is an iPhone? Is it a Chinese
export or an American export? consumed,
manufactured, shipped from China, but
sold by a US economy. I think it counts
as a Chinese export because that's where
the product is made. But the capital but
the capital flows count as US profits.
And the other thing is the S&P 500
approximately 40% of revenues are from

[1:00:01]
approximately 40% of revenues are from
international companies. So a lot of it
is made up from American profits coming
back into the country from them selling
their products over to overseas market.
Um, will the dollar lose its status as
the US reserve currency? Um, that's a
complicated one. Usually, if you want to
um lose your US
currency, you need to
um have some rival power who has a
currency that is viable to replace it.
And usually if you want to create a
currency that is viable to replace it,
you back it with gold or some other hard
asset. So um I don't really see any
country who has enough gold reserves to
really be a serious challenge or so
unless the US loses a war. Um I don't
see them losing the currency. That
actually goes to an idea I've been read
there's I've been reading that oh

[1:01:01]
there's I've been reading that oh
there's this idea of a Mara Lago accord
that's going to be going on and it's
this idea that a lot of these countries
are going to meet kind of like the Plaza
accord in 1985 where they're going to
have a coordinated agreement to devalue
the dollar yet maintain it as a reserve
currency.
uh that would help balance the trade
without needing these tariffs, but it
also mean reductions in US living
standards if they went to that because a
strong dollar theoretically is not a bad
thing. Um it's a sign that your economy
is doing well and people trust the
strength of your currency and it means
your money goes farther when it comes to
imports or traveling. But like in order
since wages are lower in other countries
and the US would need to have some other
costs that are materially lower to make
up for that. But the US also has lower
energy costs in other countries with or
age of robotics energy becomes a bigger

[1:02:03]
age of robotics energy becomes a bigger
um cost than labor in some types of
manufacturing. And I'm also just posting
into the chat the link to um all the
tour destinations if you want to see me
in person. But back to questions now. I
got a flood of
them. Um but the answer to US reserve
currency, no. I don't think it will lose
them. For those who don't like the basis
for the tariffs since the middle class
has been shrinking since 1970s, what
should we help the do to help the
average middle class America? Continue
with the status quo. No, we can't
continue with the status quo. That's why
you're having all this political
populism and why you have tariffs. The
other thing with tariffs is why Trump is
quick to use tariffs because one of the
few things the executive branch can do
in terms of materially impacting
economic policy without approval of
Congress. Like they can also selectively
enforce regulation.
But beyond that, like things like tax

[1:03:00]
But beyond that, like things like tax
reform or um other like economic
stimulus, you need actual legislation
from Congress, which is difficult to get
through with the filibuster. So that's
why like if if your only use your only
tool is a hammer, you're going to see
every problem as a nail. That's kind of
the um that might be another motivator
here for tariffs. Um but what else can
we do? Well, that's the tricky part
because a lot of this is just really
part of the demographic bust. Um, and
maybe the population going down through
lower birth rates is the solution in the
sense that the higher cost of living is
a market signal saying look like their
labor supply is relatively too high
relative to the demand of good to the
amount of goods and services that people
can provide to live with them. Part of
that's also due to but if you really
wanted to you need to reform the economy
to be more rewarding for younger people

[1:04:01]
to be more rewarding for younger people
to be more motivated to participate and
also allow more disposable income. I've
talked about this in other videos but I
mean things you can try to make housing
prices more affordable through
deregulation and having more for lack of
better term Houstononian zoning policies
in other cities and weaken the
environmental lobby. Um you can um
encourage um just more
technological innovation. Um, you can do
maybe reforms about like cutting
government spending and entitlements to
a certain degree so that you have you
don't need to print as much money to
compensate for deficits and therefore
have the price pressures needed to um to
to make people things unaffordable. But
it's a very complicated topic. I mean,
improving the education system is
another one. Like the US education

[1:05:00]
another one. Like the US education
system is great on the university level
and it's decent on the elementary school
level, but middle school and high
schools in the US are some of the lowest
ranked in the developed world. And
there's a skills major skills gap issue
with a lot of people. And yeah, I mean,
I think policies that will lower the
cost of living and makes people more
economically competitive are the
solution. So it's a mix of deregulation
and educational reform is but those are
very complicated things and housing
regulation reform and environmental
reforms
uh would fix it.
Um yeah so next question I have is
um are the billions of dollars in the US
being invested worth the pain caused by
tariffs? What are your opinions on the
tradeoffs? Um it re I mean the answer is
it's to be determined. I mean I think
it's probably a net negative but what do
you think would be worse um damage to

[1:06:02]
you think would be worse um damage to
the economy like a 10 10% tariff which
would generate I don't know or a 10%
income tax hike. I mean tariffs I mean
I'm not are taxing hike hikes. That's
essentially what they are. It's just and
the the the def the old system with the
deficit at 6% of GDP. Whenever that goes
above 5% like what happened in Britain
pre-rexit, that's when things start to
unravel a little bit. And this is a
revenue option they see with it that
might be more effective than raising
taxes. We'll see. I mean, I don't know
the answer to be quite honest.
I sorry that's not a good one.
Um, how did you learn everything about
global economics and where should I
start slowly getting confident in my
understanding? Um, well, I work in
finance for 15 years. So, this is what I
do for a living. And so, I've read a lot
of research reports and I follow the

[1:07:00]
of research reports and I follow the
markets every day for over a decade. I
have a lot of conversations with people
in my personal life, my business life
about this type of stuff. Um, I've
worked at several firms and experience
there helped me with that. I've read a
lot of books on this subject. Like half
of the books I've read on my adult life
are finance or economics related and I
got a bachelor's degree in economics and
I and so I've and I did the CFA program.
So I have a lot of like time I spent
educating myself on these kind of
things. And my channel is not like the
go- all endall, but it's a good start
starting point to dive deeper. Uh but
yeah, I mean it's just and then also
traveling helped me a lot. Like I've
traveled to several countries around the
world and just seeing like how things
operate from their perspective really
helped me develop a more global
perspective. Also, when I did my
semester abroad in Italy and took
international finance and trade
economics related classes in an Italian

[1:08:00]
economics related classes in an Italian
school and seeing how other countries
felt about US monetary and trade policy
was also very insightful for me and
helped me dive deeper into a lot of
this. Um, let's
see. Uh, in 2003, Buffett suggested a
captain trade deal for trade deficits.
Um, is this thoughts. I mean, I saw that
report like that that link to that
article he wrote, I think for Fortune
magazine or something just showed up in
my X feed this morning. I don't know
enough about it really to give you a
good answer. Sorry, but I just How do
you think these choices will impact
diplomacy and global public opinion? US
exceptionalism, rosecolored glasses, and
the American dream seems to be fading.
Well, I mean, global public
opinion has already been pretty negative
of the US. Generally, when you were the

[1:09:01]
of the US. Generally, when you were the
top country in the world, people are
going to have negative opinions on you,
barring a very transcendent leadership.
And especially with Republican
presidents, like I don't really at least
in my lifetime, I haven't seen a single
Republican president who's had a
positive public opinion about him in the
um in in modern American history,
especially in Europe. So, a lot of it
just has to do with Trump's personal
unpopularity and how he kind of
represents the vulgarities that are
common stereotypes for Americans
overseas makes him especially unlikable
on that sense of the
um the of the world. But yeah, this will
I mean a lot of this will probably hurt
um US international credibility in the
sense is like you have this president
who's going to arbitrarily change the
deal that we thought was working pretty
well and what's to stop the next
president from overturning it or doing

[1:10:02]
president from overturning it or doing
something completely different or doing
something even more radical. And that's
the big risk also with this. like all
these tariffs fail, you could possibly
have an FDR style wipeout in 2028 where
you have the socialist wing of the
Democrats just come in and create the
21st century version of the New Deal and
it' be conveniently like 96 years after
the last new deal and it could really
change the trajectory of Europe to I
mean America to have a more European
like economic model for better or for
worse. I personally think that wouldn't
be that great. Uh but so I think there
is a lot of risk like this isn't like
some thing that you're going to easily
be able to walk back. You're basically
decide we're going to create a new
economic model for international trade
and Trump kicked it off but it's now the
whole world's responsibility of how this
is going to be
built. Um yeah are there any industries

[1:11:02]
built. Um yeah are there any industries
that may be winners of all this?
domestic manufacturers, robotics,
um like and those are kind of winners,
but I'm not going to get too into
details really because I'm not going to
go into sing spec civic
investments.
Uh let's see.
Um, all right.
I'm What is the Orange County book
always behind you? And what is a reason
why you display it? Well, it's called
Made Orange County, Inc., and it was
made by the one of the writers of the OC
Business Journal. It's a great book and
it's unfortunately it's out of print
because a lot of people have asked me
about it. Um it it's about a profile of
all the great entrepreneurs who started
a lot of big companies. A lot of their
famous public trade companies today from

[1:12:01]
famous public trade companies today from
Orange County. I mean people think of
San Francisco and Silicon Valley when it
comes to California entrepreneurship but
Orange County may not be as tech focused
but it's also been a very big hub of
entrepreneurship. This place like a
hundred years ago was just all orange
groves and a few small beach towns that
had second homes for people in Pasadena
and now Orange County is one of the most
prosperous places in the entire world.
And yeah, I don't know. I just I just
think it's a good book and it fits it
fits the shelf. I have my other books
and the board game Diplomacy also
displayed here. But yeah, I mean, I
don't know. As my sh as my bookshelf
expands, I might and I'm reading new big
coffee table size books, I might rotate
it. But there's no real reason I put it
there. I just think it's a an
interesting book and it gets people like
you to think about it. Um, so that's the
answer to Orange County,
Inc.

[1:13:00]
Um, let's see.
Do I
have all right? Can you an impact on
Japan in the US? Japanese companies
dominated as 100 40 years ago. Now the
Japanese economies looked on downward.
Was that an example of a smart trade
war? Well, I mean the the thing first of
all Japanese companies were never in the
S&P 500 because it's US stocks.
But Japan had its own boom. It performed
really well and the J Japan held its
currency down at levels that were way
too low given its level of economic
development and the result was allowed
them to gain a disproportionate share of
global
manufacturing and the rest of the world
the reason that worked because it wasn't
just the US the rest of the world agreed
that this was an issue and so and also
Japan doesn't have any sort of national
defense so they couldn't they didn't
really have as much um negot negotiating

[1:14:02]
really have as much um negot negotiating
power and so they came to the table and
even after the plaza cord the Japanese
boom lasted another five years after
that. So it's just a lot of structural
excesses built during that time were
going to come to roost eventually. And
then there's the demographic. Japan was
the first problem to go through the
demographic bust. And
so that's um yeah I mean I think that
yeah Japan relative power dropped
because of that. But yeah I mean and I
think it's a successful trade war. I
don't really know it was a trade war.
there just a kind of an agreement.
But yeah, the dollar went down a lot
too. That was also the peak of the USD
overall and it didn't stabilize until
the early
90s. So, but I think that the the Plaza
core is kind of the template which a lot
of Trump's economists I think are trying
to get at for this level of tariffs.

[1:15:03]
to get at for this level of tariffs.
Um, hey Nick, what is your philosophy on
life and what character should one do
for a good life and common pitfalls that
lead to failure? That's a very deep
question. One day I might write a book
about just my overall philosophies on
life and different corners of things.
I've written one already related to
politics, but I haven't done it for
other corners of society or life yet.
But
um yeah, I mean my ethics are based on
my Catholic faith. So that is a big role
in it. Uh but yeah, common pitfalls for
failure is just short- termism and not
thinking ahead for things in general.
Like I always tend to have a longer term
chess player
um mindset. Um but yeah, and also
integrity. I don't I mean I really think

[1:16:01]
integrity. I don't I mean I really think
like not just telling the truth but just
living in a way that is reflective of
your values and being
consistent. Um so that is
um
yeah so do you think there is
a possibility of deflation given the
average household stops spending
discretionary goods? Yeah, I think so. I
think the tariffs could be deflationary
because there's just not enough like the
consumer stretched as it is. They don't
have enough income to pay for these
increased costs.
So yeah, and a lot of the stuff that we
import, if you look at the the the in ex
the import portfolio from China and
Europe, it's a lot of it is
discretionary items like sporting goods
or luxury cars or French wines or like
toys or alarm clocks or video game
consoles or things that you don't
necessarily need to live. So it might

[1:17:02]
necessarily need to live. So it might
just result in a reduction of
consumerism instead of necessarily just
people paying buying the same amount of
stuff.
Um yeah, and then Bounce House's
comment. Yeah, don't worry about me
being a hyper monetization YouTuber.
Like I don't I've gotten a lot of
sponsorship offers, but like other than
my own company, I don't really think I'm
going to be planning unless if it's a
perfect fit that lines up with like my
personal ethics and like the stuff that
I think you guys would benefit from. I
think I'm unlikely to take random
sponsors on this channel. I can't say
it's 0% but it's very low. Like I have
my own real business. YouTube is not my
primary source of income and I don't
think it ever will be. So, don't worry
about that. I mean, the tour is more
just my chance to meet you guys and kind
of it's been something I've wanted to do
personally is go on a speaking tour and
now I have the audience for it. Uh, my

[1:18:01]
now I have the audience for it. Uh, my
real business is I run a wealth
management firm here in Southern
California. Um, and that's why I'm not
going to answer the guy's question on
Bitcoin and GME because I don't talk
about specific trades on these live
streams.
Um, yeah. And then what do you think
about Trump's economic team, Bent and
Miran? Well, Miran is the guy who's kind
of the one proposing this Mara Lago
accord. I don't know him well enough to
have a strong opinion, but I have a very
high opinion of Bent. He comes from a
markets background. He worked under Stan
Denmiller. He was one of the great hedge
fund traders of all time and Soros. He
know he understands like what's going on
in the economy from the perspective of a
markets practitioner. And I think he
does a good job of explaining
the administration's goals and like the
bigger picture reasoning for it. And in
fact, I recommend watching his interview
he did today with Tucker Carlson if you
want the perspective from the
administration side on the tariffs. I

[1:19:03]
administration side on the tariffs. I
mentioned that earlier in the live, but
you might not have been on there.
Um, let's see.
Um, next question. Really? I found your
question about I found your channel
researching for an essay about the
precaria. Loved your video. Do you
recommend an economic inequality the
roots of more society's problem? And do
you know of Gary's economics? I've
learned of Gary's economics because a
lot of you guys have recommended me to
him. He seems to have more of a
socialist bent. So, we probably have a
little bit different
economic philosophies. I might be
interesting to talk to him on his
channel or on mine one of these days.
I've just been kind of busy and haven't
had a chance to reach out to him. But
when it comes to um inequality, I did a
video called inequality is not a
problem. And
um yeah, and so I think that inequality
is more of a symptom than a cause. There

[1:20:02]
is more of a symptom than a cause. There
are structural issues that cause the
inequality and also inequality can also
just be a product of prosperity. So if
you have asset prices going up because
of more prosperous society, but only a
small chunk of the population owns those
assets, your inequality is naturally
going to go up. Like I bet the
inequality data is going to be look a
lot better after all these tariffs
simply just because the stock market has
gone down. So, and every time inequality
has gone down, there's a book called The
Great Leveler. It usually means
something bad happened, whether it's a
war, whether it's a famine, whether it's
a revolution or like an economic
depression. So, I don't think inequality
in itself is the problem. It's more you
have to look at some under it's a
symptom of that there may be something
wrong or it could just be a sign of
prosperity.
Uh yeah, let's see. the
um after Trump's CO M2 expansion, Biden

[1:21:00]
um after Trump's CO M2 expansion, Biden
didn't really do anything that slow it
down and kept it going. Why did he
encourage a Vulker style action to slow
inflation down? No, I don't think Biden
was the one who encouraged it. I mean,
Jerome Powell did it on his own. The Fed
is independent. The Fed doesn't have to
listen to what the president says,
whether it's Trump or Biden. the Fed saw
that inflation was getting out of hand
and they were a little late to the party
to be quite honest and so they raised
rates and if they didn't do that um we
would still be at the same levels of
inflation especially in housing. Housing
would have hyperinflated if I think in
my opinion if Powell didn't do what he
was doing. Uh so yeah the Fed is
independent. That's the answer to that
question. Um do you consider your
business to be a hedge fund? No. I used
to work at hedge funds but my current
business is not really a hedge fund. We
do separately managed accounts and it's
mostly long only except for more higher
risk
clients. Um how about Peter Navaro? Uh I
mean I've read some of his books. I

[1:22:01]
mean I've read some of his books. I
think he's a little bit too hawkish on
China but he served a role to make in
this further during the first
administration to make a lot of good
points about some of the instruct the um
some of the supply the structural risks
that we had due to our trade balance
with China. He's but he's known as the
the strongest of the tariff hawks.
That's his
reputation. Um let's see. I'm probably
not as protariff as Peter Navaro.
Probably not even close. Let's
see. Um USD has moved positive just
about every currency today. Do you think
this is just because of cash flowing the
dollar for safety or a positive sign
from tariffs? Well, I mean the dollar
had rallied a lot already in
anticipation of tariffs for months on
end. If anything, I think the I'm not
gonna get go into my opinion on really
on the future of the dollar, but I mean
I just think it's now just the dollar is
just kind of reacting to just capital
flows and people having to sell things.

[1:23:02]
flows and people having to sell things.
Uh let's see.
Um do you think countries, media and
countries will start to wake up and
realize globalization is over regardless
of these tariffs? If anything, these
tariff this tariff news might be the
peak of the deglobalization trend that
started in
2015 if anything like I mean I think
delobalization at least in the economic
and financial circles has been a well
discussed thing for the last since Trump
got elected in 2016. This isn't really
new.
Um yeah. Do you support ending the Fed?
Um, I mean, in my old my younger days, I
did. Uh, the thing is I would support
ending the Fed if you had a actual plan
to like replace it and make sure that
Congress couldn't take its place.
Because the problem I have now with
ending the Fed is that if you ended the
Fed, what you would have ultimately be

[1:24:01]
Fed, what you would have ultimately be
the replacement is Congress directly
doing monetary policy. Um, if you had a
hard gold standard and you had just
interest rates move directly with the
market, then that could work as a
replacement for the Fed. But you need
some you need to have monetary
policy be independent
of of Congress and independent of the
government which has short-term
political incentives.
And instead of ending the Fed now, I
just rather have hawkishleaning Fed
governors and have a bias more towards
higher inflation. Not higher inflation,
higher interest rates and lower
inflation if not slight deflation. Uh
but in an ideal world, I would end the
Fed, but in the way our cured, it
doesn't really make sense at this stage.
Um, do you think supply chain management
offers a good return on investment? I'm

[1:25:00]
offers a good return on investment? I'm
not sure.
Um, let's see. I don't know what Rich
BFF is, so I'm not going to comment on
that.
Um, I'm not going to talk about specific
stocks.
Um, how is the Fed still profitable even
though they have bad assets like NBS on
their balance
sheets? I've heard they make income
every quarter.
Uh, yeah. I mean, well, it's because
that
um that I think it's because the
interest rates that I'm not I'm not
going to I don't really I don't I don't
have a good an I mean, I I know
generally how to say it, but I want to
make sure I can articulate this right. I
mean, it doesn't really matter whether
the central bank makes a profit or not,
though, from the bigger picture of
things.
uh what websites that aren't mainstream

[1:26:00]
uh what websites that aren't mainstream
that you regularly check on geopolitics
and finance. I mean I just follow a lot
of this the actual price action of of
assets. I Finn Viz is a great source for
that. Um I use them um mainstream source
probably the only one I read is the
journal. I have various RSS feeds from
different blogs and websites that I
follow. I follow various people on X or
um and like yeah but and I read several
books and I talk to people in the
industry. I don't really have like a
certain go-to website because they
constantly change for various reasons.
Some MA is due to like political trends.
Do you think zero commissions on trades
has distributed wealth more evenly or
has pushed wealth more to the top? I
think it's just increased trading
volume. I don't think it's necessarily
has affected the distribution of wealth.

[1:27:01]
has affected the distribution of wealth.
It's just makes people want to speculate
more and it's incre it's increased
financial nihilism and more video game
approach to markets in the net. I think
it's going to cause more losses for the
the speculative the bottom half of
people who are speculating on crypto or
short zero DT options or other shortterm
things but um
yeah let's see can you talk about the
Triffin dilemma and how it plays into
the role going on today well I don't
think the Triffin dilemma really plays
into the role at all because the Triffin
dilemma is about the problems with the
gold standard And yeah, that's part of
the way if they were going if um if they
were going to try to
um what's it called? If Miran, Stephen
Moran, wanted to devalue the dollar,
part of the way he could do it is peg
gold the dollar to gold but a much
higher price. So right now gold's
trading about 3,100 an ounce. You could

[1:28:00]
trading about 3,100 an ounce. You could
peg it to say um 5,000 an ounce and that
would be an effective devaluation of the
dollar.
So that might be a way that this relates
patron limits just the fact that the
money supply is just too big for gold.
The answer to that really would be
allowing deflation. But the problem is
public finances rely on at least a small
amount of inflation to help
u finance deficits. So that's why like
balancing the budget is so important if
you want to um reallocate the economy
away from a debt-based economy or not
entirely limited debt based economy but
less dependent on perpetually growing
debt and beyond just like the capacity
of like of
borrowers. Um let's
see what do you think is the best
president? Who do you think is the best
president for the US economy and should

[1:29:00]
president for the US economy and should
we follow their policies like of all
time? Uh, that's a good question. I
mean, I think Trump's economic policies
were really good during his first term.
I think Reagan's policies were generally
pretty good except for his unwillingness
or maybe an inability due to the fact
that Democrats controlled the House most
of his tenure to cut spending.
Um, I think that Grover Cleveland had
good economic policies back in the day.
Probably he'd be one of the most recent
Democrat presidents I would vote for.
Maybe not the last one, but that um that
would be a example really I think.
Um and um I mean that's but the thing is
a lot of my general view is I don't
think the president should not be
getting too much involved in the economy
and they should just make the rules
clear and transparent but not really

[1:30:01]
clear and transparent but not really
intervene but I have a more free market
perspective. Koolage yeah was a good one
too. He didn't really he let I mean
again I'd have to go back and see like
how involved he was with like the
causing some of the imbalances that led
to the great depression but generally I
think he was probably doing pretty well.
Um yeah I mean it's more in terms of
presidents for the economy I think most
of them did decent. Even Clinton, I
mean, had had pretty good economic
policies in
retrospect. But the problem really is
is it was more their presence to stand
out for exceptionally bad economic
policy like LBJ, Nixon,
uh FDR,
um were all like notably bad economic
policy. Obama, Biden, like so it's it's
Jimmy Carter. Like they're they're ones

[1:31:01]
Jimmy Carter. Like they're they're ones
that more stand out for bad economic
policy than good economic policy, if you
know what I mean.
Um let's see.
Um what is your opinion on naked
shorting?
Uh yeah, I mean short selling should be
rest like I think prof should
professional stick to professionals
should only be doing it to be quite
honest. I mean I have a lot of
experience short selling but I also and
worked professionally in finance. I
think the average person who's not
watching the markets on a day-to-day
basis and really shouldn't be doing
that. It's the same with options too is
my view on it. I think options are
mostly a game that are better for
professionals as well.
Uh, in your opinion, did Bitcoin have a
positive effect on US financial
literacy? Um, it had an increase in
monetary policy literacy, but outside of

[1:32:02]
monetary policy literacy, but outside of
that, no. I think it's actually probably
encouraged a lot of personal financial
bad habits in terms of speculation and
what and expectations for
investments.
Um do you think market pricing is truly
a response from the news or much of it
is quantitative positioning in the
secondary market? Um it's a mix of
things. It's a mix of sentiment shifts.
It's a mix of reacting to news and it's
a mix of just positioning of big
institutional players that have to
reallocate for specific reasons. Um, in
general, like I like Warren Buffett's
quote on this, the stock market in the
short term is a voting machine and the
long term is a waiting
machine. Um, what were good economic
policies during Biden and Obama's terms?
Well, during Biden's term, the one good
economic policy was him encouraging the
banning of non-competes. A lot of
companies before Biden had so
non-compete policies that like if you

[1:33:01]
non-compete policies that like if you
tried to quit their your job with your
current employer, you weren't allowed to
work at an employer of a similar
industry or start a business directly
competing with them. And that's kind of
a violation of um I think basic economic
liberty. So Biden going after
non-compete clauses was I think a
positive reform. I think with Obama uh I
don't know if it's purely an economic
policy but I think well actually yeah
getting rid of the crude export ban um
and not going not being too aggressive
in banning or fighting the fracking
movement in the 2010s. that helped make
domestic energy production more viable
in the US and get rid of our structural
oil trade deficit that we had verse um
to the OPEC countries. So that's a good
thing that Obama did. So I mean even
again even presidents that mostly had

[1:34:00]
again even presidents that mostly had
bad economic policies could have good
things once in a while. And also, I
think the Obama administration wasn't
wrong for cracking down on for-profit
education companies, like these degree
mills that were charging a lot often
using like GI grants or student loans to
finance degrees of questionable value.
So, that's
um yeah, for my what's my opinion on
those are my opinion on unions? Um, I
think I think public unions like or
government workers should be outright
abolished. Like the problem with public
unions is that you can't have fair
negotiations when one side has no intent
for getting a good deal. in that case is
the government as management because a
lot of these unions are also donors or
and their workers are often voters for
the same people who they're negotiating
against. So if you run on a platform

[1:35:00]
against. So if you run on a platform
giving a good deal to the union as a
politician, that's a problem because
you're going to give the union workers
an overly good deal because you don't
have a fair negotiator. Even even FDR,
who was like the most prog most
progressive presence in American
history, was opposed public unions. So,
it's not just a Republican talking
point. Private unions, I'm for private
unions as long as they have
um like management is equally like
vested in getting a good deal for its
shareholders and they don't use certain
close shop tactics to prevent people
from working. Uh but in general I think
p private unions are fine. Teachers
unions are public unions so I generally
oppose teachers unions but I oppose
public unions. Like if the private
school teachers create a union for
private school teachers I would have no
problem with it. But the problem with
public school teachers unions is that
they don't really have a fair um

[1:36:02]
they don't really have a fair um
opponent for negotiation.
[Music]
Um
yeah, let's see. Thoughts on Lena's cons
aggressiveness on
monopolies? Um I have mixed beliefs on
it. I mean I generally I think antirust
is part of the
problem. Um and and something need I
think you need more antirust if to have
a more competitive society. But the
difficult thing with a lot of these tech
companies is it's hard to prove the
damage that they're doing with their
monopolies. Like I Apple and the App
Store, it kind of makes sense because
every charging every vendor 30% could be
kind of
steep. Um but that's but for other
things it's it's it's difficult. But
yeah, generally I'm I'm I'm in favor of
antitrust, but it's got to be handled
the right way. Um, if you're building an
investment forecast of the S&P 500, what

[1:37:00]
investment forecast of the S&P 500, what
percent would you see is reasonable?
Like in if you look at a full cycle,
including like the great bare markets, a
reasonable assumption is probably 6 to
8%. Like the reason why you've seen
double digit numbers recently because
you haven't really had a a longl lasting
bare market in a long time. But yeah,
and that's not investment advice, by the
way. That's just kind of just if you're
trying to model it, that might be a good
point to do.
Um, what would you argue is the best
balance of income, property, sales tax
that a state could have? I would favor
highly in property taxes and lower for
income taxes. So like a Texas or like a
Texas model. Uh because I think property
taxes being high discourages housing
speculation and allows it be more
affordable for people who actually want
to make it their permanent residence.

[1:38:00]
to make it their permanent residence.
Like the countries and the states have
the lowest property taxes also have the
highest housing price multiples relative
to income. And I think there should be
like a carry cost.
Um, and then, um, when it comes to,
um, income taxes, I I generally don't
like income taxes as a form of taxation
just because they just tax your right to
exist and produce and better yourself. I
mean, I think taxes should be based on
consumption or decisions that you can
make to choose to avoid the tax. Like,
and property tax, I think, is the most
fair tax. I did a video about this back
in December because land owners benefit
the most from government. The
government's the one paying for the
roads. They pay for the national
defense. They pay for security and the
police so that your property doesn't get
destroyed and it maintains its value.
So, I think that's how I would do it.
I'd lean on high on the property taxes.
I would try to have zero income tax and

[1:39:01]
I would try to have zero income tax and
then cover any gap with sales tax if
needed. Uh so, let's see. uh how can the
markets rise 6 to 8% but GDP only rise 2
or 3%. Because the GDP number is real
GDP whereas nominal GDP is GDP plus
inflation. So if you have GDP go up
three and inflation be three that's 6%
right there. And the free market helps
make companies productive every year.
And if you're having an economy that's
getting more advanced, you should have
real gains in production in the private
sector. And the private sector isn't all
the GDP whereas the government is a net
net zero or net negative. So you have to
compensate for that a little bit too. So
that's where that's why you the the
equity market returns should be higher
than nominal
GDP.
Um do you think most of the gains are
due to inflation? I think a large chunk
of them are due to inflation but not all
of them. like again the free market

[1:40:01]
of them. like again the free market
allow creates more efficient companies
and
um profits naturally would go up and
then like otherwise real GDP would never
would never grow. So it's it should be
in line with nominal
GDP like and and when there are
sometimes deviations from that whether
it's due to taxes lowering so that
increases earnings or asset bubbles or
other things but on the longer rough
run theory this and there's also share
buybacks and other things that influence
it too. There's it's it's more it's
complicated but like that's but
generally that's how it would line up.
Um, are you concerned with the Christian
nationalist movement and the push to
theocracy from the right? Um, I don't
think the Christian nationalist movement
is strong enough to really be a threat.
Um, that's my answer to it. Uh, do what

[1:41:01]
Um, that's my answer to it. Uh, do what
um do you think are America's biggest
flaws are compared to other OECD
countries?
Uh I think
that it's a good question. Let me let me
think about
that. Yeah. I mean I mean I think maybe
its flaws is that it's also its strength
and its weakness. The double-edged sword
is America's individualism.
Like it allows us to like have all the
great entrepreneurship and the creative
freedom that we have in this country but
at the same time it prevents a lot of
coordination and allow people to do
willing to make sacrifices for the
greater good. So that's one thing. The
other thing might be it just um
Americans naive naive in terms of
like positive outcomes from experimental
ideas that have historically not worked.

[1:42:00]
ideas that have historically not worked.
Like the most recent example is like the
in like being more accepting of this
increased mass of immigration um the
last several years. Even though
historically if you look at other
societies that doesn't work out but like
that's and also America not realizing
it's the frontier anymore and doesn't
have unlimited land or unlimited
resources to have the population growth
that a lot of people would want. That
could be something but um also I think
that
um the education system is the other
one. Now I got the real answer. I think
America's 6 through 12 is really bad.
Um, and the public school system has a
lot of problems as well. Generally, we
have the best colleges. We have above
average like elementary school, but like
Americans produ like a bit like 6
through 12. And then you also have them
just like in general like the post08
entitlement culture that's really
developed. That might not just be a US

[1:43:01]
developed. That might not just be a US
thing. Like when the big banks got
bailed out, it sent the wrong message to
society that if the biggest banks who
are supposedly run by the smartest
people get a bailout, I deserve a
bailout. And it's caused just a lack of
accountability throughout the society
and the culture and the unwillingness to
take personal
responsibility. And just also just the
lack of community. Like a lot of
Americans are just not happy because
they don't have enough friends or strong
enough family ties or things like that.
And that's probably an issue. But do you
think grades six through 12 are
intentionally
bad? Yeah, that's a that's something
I've thought about like but the thing is
that why wouldn't every other country be
intentionally bad if they have the same
logic too? like why is it America's is
particularly worse than other developed
nations? But yeah, I mean what would I
change about sixth through 12th grade?
Well, if I do a few things. one, I would

[1:44:02]
Well, if I do a few things. one, I would
get rid of homework and replace do like
a reverse schooling system like Salman
Khan, which is the idea that you go to
class to actually do the practice
problems or write the essays or do the
math problems or whatever and you watch
the lectures at home on YouTube. By the
time you're in sixth grade, you should
have enough discipline and attention
span that you'd be willing to watch like
an hour's worth of lectures every night
for um for your homework.
So that's the I think the biggest
change. I would also try to structure
the school system that you're that you
can make it like a more like
gamification in the sense that there's
not like a fixed like classes levels you
have to do. So if you're a smarter
person, you could finish school
theoretically a year early and take a
gap year before you go to college.
Like that's another thing I think is
that because not every student is at the
same has the same talents. It might even

[1:45:00]
same has the same talents. It might even
be on a subject based like there might
somebody who's like super good at
history finishes 12th grade history by
the time they're a freshman in high
school but they're not as good at math
so they have to go a little slower at
that. I think we just need more
customization for people's aptitudes as
well and less time in the actual school
system. Like I think it's designed a lot
as extended daycare, but I think a lot
of negative social impact particularly
for neurode divergent people um through
6 through 12 which chars and traumatizes
them for years on end. But yeah, and
those are just the starts of it. Like I
have a lot of gripes with the public
education system and I think there's
certain subject matters that should be
taught like personal finance, like law
101, like how to navigate the legal
system.
um like how like the tax system works,
how like entrepreneurship works, like
maybe basic coding, but now in the age
of AI might just be like AI
instead.
But there's

[1:46:02]
But there's
um there's a
um there those are some changes and if I
had to cut something, it'd be foreign
language and maybe some English like
English in the sense of like high school
English discussing various classic
books. if you had to cut something
because I think again I think digital
translators and things are going to
advance a lot and make foreign language
learning not as valuable as um it used
to be. Um let's see
uh are colleges pay to play in the
aggregate? Uh no I don't think so. I
mean I still think there's a lot of use
for university but watch my video
series. I've done a whole um playlist of
videos about the economic future of
college. So, if you want to watch that
um go ahead and um those were my full
detailed thoughts. I'm not going to

[1:47:00]
detailed thoughts. I'm not going to
really repeat those
here. Um let me see.
Um, what do people fail to understand
about US demographics? One is that I
think it's primarily an economic problem
and not a social problem. Like I hear
all these pe I think that the whole
birth rate catastrophe and I might do a
debunking the doomer video on this is
basically a
um the right-wing version of climate
change. Like all these climate change
people say, "Oh, the world is going to
end because of climate change, because
of X, Y, and
Z." And I hear the same thing with the
population decline, like, "Oh, there's
going to be no South Korean people in
200 years, or the birth rates are so low
that the population is going to collapse
and the world is going to end, and it's
like going to be like a straight line

[1:48:01]
like going to be like a straight line
trend." And it's the same kind of
catastrophic thinking that you see with
climate change, you see with demographic
decline. Um, so it's I think they have
the same role on each side of the aisle.
But the thing is is that where I'm not
as scared about it because I think if
housing prices went low enough, the
population actually
declined enough
um you would see it get to low enough of
a level that's actually affordable. If
there's a real shortage of people, wages
will go up, housing prices will go down.
And this could happen as soon as like
the end of this decade because a lot of
the boomers are going to die and there's
going to be nobody who can put up the
bid to buy their houses.
and people will have more will have more
kids and it will level out at some
point. It's a market signal that
basically there's that there's not
there's too much people relative to
um relative to demand for people. The

[1:49:02]
um relative to demand for people. The
labor is like any other commodity in
that place. And the population decline
is just the market kind of expressing
that um there's just that that the
living standard that people want to
have. It's just not you can't your your
your marginal product of your labor is
not enough to be able to buy that and
raise a family and that's eventually I
think that will self-correct. I don't
know what level it's going to and then
there's also the impact of AI in the age
of AI and robots. we're not going to
need as many people working. And so you
have this pro-natalist policy. And
personally, this is against I personally
want a big family for like my own
reasons independent of um this debate.
But like to encourage just people having
a family just to have more people is
kind of shortsighted, especially in a
world where we may not need as more
people and young people may not be an
asset because it might take them more
and more years of education to develop

[1:50:01]
and more years of education to develop
enough skills to actually be have a
positive marginal contribution of labor
after all the taxes and living costs,
etc. But I think I might do a separate
video about that because it's a long
topic. All right. So, Mata, thank you
for the super chat. Do you think that
switching from a US-led rules-based
international order to alliance with
Western countries to a transactional
multipolar and imperialistic world order
is a good deal?
Um, I think that switching I think I
watch my video about the liberal
international order for more of my
thoughts on this, but I think the deal
is that I want to keep the current
liberal international order but have
more countries participating in it and
having a more equal weight that like the
US can't finance the global stabil order
all by itself. That's what I think is a
lot of the implication of this. But if
you have other countries help chip in a
little bit more, whether it's on the
defense side or a more balanced form of
trade, then we can keep the peaceful
stability of the current order

[1:51:00]
stability of the current order
sustainable for another generation or
two. I don't think switching back to the
old days where people tried to expand
their borders by taking other countries
is a better
alternative. Uh let's see.
Let's see.
Um curious of why the US university
system has a good reputation when it's
overly political and generates a lot of
useless degrees.
Well, I
mean when it comes to the university
system, even there are still a lot of
useful degrees produced by it like
whether it's in the business degrees or
academic degree or like um hard science
degrees or economics degrees or like law
school, legal degrees, professional
degrees. So those are still generally
well regarded and there are some of the

[1:52:01]
well regarded and there are some of the
like the useless studies major thinking
kind of infiltrating academia. But I
think that kind of crescendoed right
before this election and based on my
people I know in my personal life who
are still in school it might start it's
starting to roll back a little bit. uh
and US schools generally just are higher
quality because they have more resources
to either in terms of paying professors
or other things than other countries do
and because the US has been a good hub
of education for so long it's got a
reputation for the top international
students to still want to go there and
so that's kind of my my answer to that
question u but yeah I mean that's why
it's important to study the right thing.
Thoughts on an audit for Fort Knox? H I
think it'd be a good one thing to do. I
mean, I'm curious what's actually in
there. I don't really think there's
anything to hide. Um if the gold's
there, you audit it. And if it's not

[1:53:01]
there, you audit it. And if it's not
there, not going to change anything
because the economic realities of it not
being there, it's probably already
priced into the market and the economy.
But it's just from a public transparency
idea, I would generally be for it. Have
you been following the Swiss economy?
Any thoughts on the Swiss versus the EU
economy? Well, I'm biased because I'm a
Swiss person myself by heritage and
citizenship. So, the Swiss economy is
kind of insulated little bubble
surrounded by a sea of struggle and
decline. Like it's like Orange County,
California compared to
um the rest of the state would be like a
if I had to make an American example.
Um, they have lower taxes, less
regulatory pressure, more flexible
health care system, and they have a
smarter voting base generally. And they
are strict on things like immigration to
prevent them from suffering some of the
same issues of their neighbors. And

[1:54:01]
same issues of their neighbors. And
since it's a small country, it only has
8 million people, it's a lot easier to
manage and it's a lot easier to be
decentralized, which helps them, too.
Um, is it the harsh truth that China's
the global superpower? No. China has
their own struggles. They're just
different than
America's.
Um, also, who do you think will win the
final four games tomorrow? Um, I think
Florida will beat Auburn and Duke will
be Houston. Uh, and I still my I even
though I think Dukes looked a lot better
than I expected them to, I'm going to
stick with my original pick in the
bracket for the Gator on Monday, but I
wouldn't be surprised if Duke pulls it
out. But those are the two best teams by
far left and it's kind of a
disappointing NCAA tournament. If you
want to know my thoughts on that, I
recommend watching my recent video about
the economics of of sports ball where I
did talk about this very thing about the

[1:55:01]
did talk about this very thing about the
issues of NIL and the transfer portal
and
um basically how like college basketball
and college football economics are
changing in a way to really like devalue
the sport and make it less interesting.
But here's my video on that if you guys
are curious.
Um, let's
see. How do I test again? Um, Daffine, I
can't answer that question. Um, the
dating questions are for February
only. Let's see.
Um, do you think tariffs complete offset
income on people? Like if the tariffs
raise the amount of revenue they
actually think it will, it could do it
for people. They can offset income tax
to people making less than
150k. But the probability of that
happening is I don't think is high. And
I think a lot of these tariffs are

[1:56:00]
I think a lot of these tariffs are
negotiations just to lower trade
barriers overall.
Um,
yeah. If the Fed expect there to be a
recession, wouldn't there be lower rates
or is that how it works? Well, the Fed's
more reactive. They'll lower the rates
once it's known there's a recession, not
the other way around. They might do a
little bit, but if the Fed doesn't want
to cause people to panic, for one, and
two, if they lower rates too early, it's
going to put pressure on inflation. So,
um,
yeah, let's see. Uh, thoughts on
software engineering or moving into the
upper class 1%. Well, with AI and LLMs,
I don't think software engineering is
going to be the path anymore to moving
into the 1%. Unless if you are starting
a business and are the coder partner.
Um, I did a whole video about this where
San Francisco is the next Detroit and I

[1:57:00]
San Francisco is the next Detroit and I
did an interview with Chris Street about
software engineers becoming a minimum
wage job. This was before chat GPT came
out and how coders are paid much lower
in other developed countries than the
US.
Um, so that's um my take on it. Like I
think it could be a useful skill to know
like the basics of so that like if AI is
building your software for you that you
know that they're doing the right job
but it's that that industry is in flux
and you can see with the tech
employment what's going on there that it
could be risky. Um what do you think
about private equity buying physician
owned practices or consolidation at
large? Some of these industries are
tougher to consolidate than people
think. So, I'm not sure how much of
these are going to work, but yeah, if it
if it's more efficient to run these
medical practices on large scale, then
it makes sense for private equity to get
involved. I haven't ran the numbers on

[1:58:00]
involved. I haven't ran the numbers on
it to see strongly whether that's true
or not, but apparently the buyers
believe they are. What profession do you
think will bring you the 1%?
Entrepreneurship. That's the one that's
the most likely to do it. And you just
got to build the skills in the meantime.
Pick a profession you actually enjoy
doing that you don't mind waking up
every day to be a part of and learn the
skills, build the connections, and
figure out where the need for a new
business in that industry is. And then
you fill that need. That's really
simple. That's the the simple it's it's
simple, but it's not easy. Um, what are
your thoughts on Richard Wolf as an
economist? I recognize the name, but I
can't match him to anything. So, I'm not
really sure what his philosophy is, but
the name sounds
familiar.
Um, if you are a health professional, do
you recommend ownership then? I mean,
again, I don't know the economics and
the cost structure of being a doctor
now. Um, I know my grandfather was one

[1:59:02]
now. Um, I know my grandfather was one
and he warned me not to go into that
profession because of malpractice costs
and the risk of it being ultimately
socialized by the government. But um if
you can, it really depends like is the
is the cost structure of the practice
scale viable enough that you can and
could you scale your practice that
junior that you can have junior doctors
or physician assistants or advance or
um be able to help you to build a
practice beyond yourself. Again, it's a
niche situation. If you want to have a
longer conversation about it, contact me
directly because I think I need to do
some research before having a good
answer.
Um, let's see. Graduating the mechanical
engineering degree is now in the next
few years a good time to start up a
business. Recessions actually oftentimes
are good times to start a business
because you can get employees at
relatively lower cost because there are
more of them available and probably

[2:00:01]
more of them available and probably
people who are at higher levels of
qualifications that you'd be able then
you'd be able to hire at good times. Um
things like office space can be cheaper
and um and like there might be it
depends like if it's B to if it's B to C
you might have a little less consumer
demand but by it takes time to ramp up a
business anyway and if you're at the
very beginning like building your
initial following is it can't happen
during a recession. Scaling is harder to
do during recession. So once you've
already got some traction, you've got
some VC money and you want to like blow
up. Yeah, it's better for good times for
that. But at the beginning, a recession
can actually be favorable because it can
help lower your cost structure and also
lowers the opportunity cost of starting
a business versus having a higher
salaried
job. Thoughts on Peter Zehan's
perspective on the collapsing Chinese
demographic, CCP collapse? Um, thanks

[2:01:00]
demographic, CCP collapse? Um, thanks
again for the stream. I I think it's
interesting. I've read his book. Um, I
think that he's right about the general
direction, but wrong about the
magnitude. I think things like
demographics where it's more telegraphed
and people can see it out, it's I think
easier to
adjust. Um, but yeah, I think he's right
about the direction, wrong about the
magnitude to keep it short.
Um, thoughts on Gary's economics. You're
the second guy who's asked me about
Gary. Maybe I should reach out to Gary
and do a
um do a a live stream with him or some
sort of video, maybe
collaboration, but I'm generally against
wealth taxes.
um they encourage people to just move
their money out of the country unless if
you do it completely global or they will
encourage people to move artificially up
the risk curve and put their capital at
risk to just minimize that tax. Or if

[2:02:00]
risk to just minimize that tax. Or if
your wealth is primarily in private
assets like your own business you
started, what are you going to do? sell
1% of your company every year to pay it.
And that compounds year over year and
eventually it can cause like people to
lose their assets. And like people will
say, "Oh, that's the same as like paying
an adviser." Well, at least an adviser
is helping you get returns to compensate
for it. The government is not helping
you get returns to compensate for a
wealth tax. I think a lot of this wealth
tax stuff is and a lot of even income
tax I think are poor ways to tax because
they dis they they they reward they
don't they dis they mean they
disenourage like economically productive
behavior but on top of that I think the
whole point of them isn't even about
revenue efficient because they're not
revenue efficient. The point of them is
to just to ferment um is to class envy
and to try to like say, "Hey, look, we

[2:03:01]
and to try to like say, "Hey, look, we
want to soak the rich because they
deserve it and I don't think anybody
should be allowed to have make more
money than me." That's not maybe what
they say publicly, but I think that's
privately a lot of the mentality of
these people who advocate for extremely
high income taxes and wealth taxes.
um because and the wealthy who do that
either old money has inherited their
wealth and don't care or they found a
way to work around it. Uh but again, I
might be biased because from the
perspective of a small business owner,
but those are my takes on
it.
Um
yeah, let's see.
Uh, do you think the ultra wealthy
create inheritance tax to force normal
people to liquidate family businesses?
Watch my video, old money supports the
left. I go into the logic of it. It's
mainly to like they would mainly do to
prevent newer money from coming in to

[2:04:02]
prevent newer money from coming in to
compete and take their slots. Really,
that's more explains high income taxes.
Inheritance tax. I don't think the
wealthy generally are for inheritance
tax. They're against it because unless
unless if they could find a way to
grandfather themselves out of it because
wealth t inheritance tax as a part of
the reason why a lot of families wealth
doesn't last past certain
generations.
Um, yeah. I mean, terrace actually might
be a good opportunity to start a
manufacturing business, especially if
you have a way to automate the
manufacturing and make it cost
effective. Like, there's a lot of room
to to build to bring in like automated
factories that's in this country. So,
yeah, it might be a good idea.
Um, generally I dislike commentary
format videos, but I'd love to see you
take a reaction to leftwing economic

[2:05:00]
take a reaction to leftwing economic
videos that have been cropping up.
Millions of views lately. I mean, I used
to do reaction videos when I first
started this channel. In fact, I got
from like zero to 300 subscribers
because of reactions to What If Alt
Hist. But as the channel's grown, I
realized I'd rather just have my own
original ideas and not have to rely on
reaction videos. It's just I don't enjoy
making them. And it's very hard to do
them with good sound quality and
production quality. And yeah, I mean, I
thought about doing one for second
thought, but I just haven't had I have
too many original ideas to do. Like, if
I wanted to do like um discussions about
left-wing YouTubers, I'd actually just
like to talk to them directly, whether
on my channel or theirs, and have a
conversation. I think that would be more
interesting because like I can react and
stuff but I'd like to see how they would
react to the way I
react.

[2:06:01]
react.
Um what role does religion play in
social cohesion? What extent does the
west retain Christian values? I mean it
depends on the country to be honest. Um
and what part of Christian values? I
think there's a good book on this called
Dominion by Tom Holland which goes into
even countries that are nominally more
atheist how they think inherited
inherently Christian worldview like the
biggest one is the idea of equality like
the idea of equality whether it's
democracy or even socialism to a certain
degree is the idea that everybody is
equal under the eyes of God that's a
very Christian idea non-Christian
societies you the value of a person is
based on their relative social status
and power or spirituality or other
variables like but the idea that every
human life has equal value and that God
has a value of you for just existing is
a very Christian concept. um the idea of
um so that's kind of an example but I
think really the best capitalist markets

[2:07:01]
think really the best capitalist markets
are ones that have religion
um as some sort of moral force to
encourage people in the business world
and buyers and sellers to do the right
thing without the threat of the state um
forcing them to do it and it helps with
social trust like a high trust free
market is probably the most prosperous
form of a society And I think religion
helps with a high having a high trust
society especially if people agree on
some certain core things of right and
wrong.
Uh yeah, if somebody in their mid30s was
going to receive a large seven-digit
windfall with no prior wealth
experience, what would you suggest for a
good stewardship? Well, I mean, I would
recommend, especially if you have no
experience in finance or managing money,
um, you I'd recommend reaching out to a
wealth adviser and a CPA. You have a CPA
for the taxes and a wealth adviser to

[2:08:01]
for the taxes and a wealth adviser to
help you with the investment side of
things. uh and estate attorney too to
construct a goodwill because um a lot of
people even if they're good at managing
their own money in their lifetime, a lot
of it gets destroyed by poor estate
planning and fights over the siblings.
Have you seen Asian nomatries videos on
how Japan ate the rich? No, I have not,
but I'll give it a watch. Have you read
a secular age? No, I have not, but I'll
check it out.
Um, why is gold not following if we're
in a deflationary environment? Well,
gold has a lot of central bank buying
and there's various reasons why central
banks want to buy gold. But central bank
inflows have been the main reason why
gold has held up and also the relative
weakness in cryptocurrency I think helps
gold because those are kind of compet
directly competing assets like the
anti-fiat trade people either express it
through buying gold or they express it
through buying cryptocurrency.

[2:09:02]
through buying cryptocurrency.
Um, are you personally religious? I
mean, yes. I'm a practicing Catholic and
I thought about doing for the April
iceberg around Good Friday one about
like Catholicism and economics or
religion in economics. And I might
actually do some videos about how
Vatican finances work, how old money
connects with the Catholic Church, how
um the econ how what distributionism and
other like quoteunquote Catholic forms
of economics are. I'm not sure if that's
too religious for the audience or people
would be interested in that. If you
think that'd be interesting, please
leave it in the comments. But those are
topics I've explored doing and now that
we're close to Easter, it's probably the
right time for me to like release some
of those videos. Um, do you think the US
is the best place to become extremely
wealthy from nothing or median wealth?
What would be good over the decades as
signs this might be changing? Yes, I do
think it is. I think the combination of
just a culture that doesn't shame you
from entrepreneurship, relatively

[2:10:00]
from entrepreneurship, relatively
generous bankruptcy laws and for middle
class people at least relatively low
income taxes um and relatively low cost
of living compared to other developed
countries especially in middle America.
It makes it an appealing place if you're
trying to build from nothing and start a
business like retiring might be a
different story. The thing that would
change is that if we changed our if
government adopted a role more like a
European country in America and we had
structurally higher taxes not just for
the very top brackets but across the the
spectrum like they do in Europe and you
just had a a a larger welfare state that
would if it was more of a European
economic structure I would change my
mind. or if just social tensions got so
bad due to just like lack of co like
social cooperation and trust being
eliminated or some other country changes
its regulatory forces to be more

[2:11:00]
its regulatory forces to be more
competitive but I think the US also has
the biggest market to sell to it also as
a country that speaks English which is
the global language it also helps expand
globally so I think there's still a lot
of good things
um when it comes to
um yeah
um when it comes to that. But yeah, I
still think it is America is still the
best place if you're trying like if you
want a more comfortable middle class
life, you might be better off in Europe
or in Singapore or other developed or
developed countries. um like the
developed Northeast Asian countries like
China, Japan, and Korea have too many
cultural barriers for foreigners really,
but like those other countries I think
are better. Like if you want you're just
okay with a like a decent quality of
life, but you don't really want to
really strive to get ahead. Like the US
is not a good place to be for people
with more modest ambition. Like you

[2:12:00]
with more modest ambition. Like you
either going to go for it all or die
trying in the US. And if you want a more
relaxed pace, I think other developed
countries are better.
Um,
yeah. What's it called?
Um, what are your thought most heterodox
opinions? Well, an iceberg of economics
and I will post really
the about this where I went into it more
because the last video in the iceberg of
economics series
um I did I talked about some of my most
heterodox ideas. Like one of them I
think that um moral decay is a product
that because living a more degenerate
lifestyle is more financially affordable
than being living a more traditional
family oriented responsible lifestyle.
That's probably one of them. Um I think
that so economic forces drive more
social change than social change drives

[2:13:01]
social change than social change drives
um the economy. That's probably a more
heterodox view that I have. I'll get to
that. Let me just load up
my iceberg of economics play
um playlist and find because on the
chapters on that I have the
note for my more heterodox views on
things. And I'm going to post a video
here that's called the craziest economic
theories on YouTube where I go into more
of these kind of things.
Um do
you all right so here
they they are um I think prosperity
theory the idea that people's voting
patterns change with the economic
prosperity usually the more prosperous
something is the more left-wing people
become in that city and then when things
get hard they switch to more
conservative politics. Um, I think
there's an automation ladder pull which

[2:14:01]
there's an automation ladder pull which
means that young demographics aren't
necessarily good thing anymore. Like I
that's my biggest one is the demographic
one. I don't think inherently having and
then the other idea is that the last 24
years were probably a dark age in the US
from 2001 to
2024. Um, because we basically had to
use debt or social welfare to compensate
for people's lack of productivity since
the 1990s. and that you have digital
apps and technology trying to replace
the social system. And I don't think
it's really economic growth. For
example, if you pay an Uber to go to the
airport versus having your family member
do it for you or paying a therapist
versus having friends and family to talk
to. Those are probably my more extreme
economic like heterodox
views. But um here is a video if you
want to know thoughts on the fire
movement. The FIRE movement can work if
you don't want to have a family. Like if
you have children, forget about the FIRE

[2:15:00]
you have children, forget about the FIRE
movement. And it is also the assumption
that you have very generous expectations
for S&P 500 returns and that the S&P
will consistently outperform other asset
classes, which I think is a flawed
assumption.
Um, you have a unique um take on videos.
Please do the economics of Catholicism.
Do you think the political right is too
subject to populist or anti- capitalist
ideas of a reaction to corpor? Yeah,
I've seen that. I've read some of these
populist pinkers on X and like their
responses are kind of crazy. I read this
one that basically said, "Nobody in my
family who voted for Trump owns stocks
for all the rich Democrats panicking
today. You know, you must know how it
felt when Jimmy Carter destroyed
trucking jobs and Bill Clinton signed
NAFTA. A lot of people think that this
is that terror is supposed to just be
revenge against the rich liberals in the
world. I don't really I think that's
kind of a not the right way to really
look at things. And yeah, so like you
have to be able to adapt to competing

[2:16:00]
have to be able to adapt to competing
economic forces. And that's maybe the
struggle with the modern economy is the
minimum level of education and skills to
have a certain quality of life ratchets
up with every advancement of technology
making more things more efficient. And I
don't really know the answer of how to
deal with that. But I don't think
resorting to economic populism, like
people would argue peronism originally
started as a right-wing um ideology, but
then as it got more popular support from
unions and economic populism started to
become more dominant in that strain, it
kind of caused Argentina to struggle for
50 years. So yeah, Argentina is the risk
really if of economic populism getting
out of control and other Latin American
countries too. So
[Music]
um let's see. Do you think wealth
inequality is what blew up Russia's
trajectory in the early 20th century?
No, I don't think so. I think it was
more just the fact that they had bad

[2:17:02]
more just the fact that they had bad
leadership under the Zars and
um they shouldn't and they couldn't
really have the they they got humiliated
in the Russo-Japanese war and they
didn't really have like the resources or
and the political will to maintain a
fight in World War I. I think getting
involved in World War I was kind of the
death nail for Russia essentially. And
if they somehow were able to either win
the war before Lenin came in or were
able to not somehow not get involved in
the first world war, you may have Russia
may have become a much more
industrialized country and a much
different
trajectory.
Um what impact do you think IQ levels
have on a country success? Um yeah, I
mean it's really a complicated one. Um
so I'm but I I don't I don't really I

[2:18:00]
so I'm but I I don't I don't really I
think when it comes to that it's also
depends on why those IQs are low.
There's Flynn effect plays a variable in
that it's not just
migration. Uh and also a lot of
migration is coming from East Asia which
is high at least in the w in the US
which is high IQ. So, and there's
selection bias on who you bring in. Like
a lot of like the countries, if you're
bringing in like the skilled populations
from these countries, it shouldn't have
a negative effect of IQ no matter what
country is. Where if you're bringing the
unskilled and the lower intelligence
back of that country, even if it's the
highest IQ country in the world, it can
be a negative. So, it's a really
complicated question.
Um, yeah. Let's see. What is the
craziest conspiracy theory that I
believe
in? H, that's a good one because I don't
mean I don't really I'm I generally am a
skeptic on conspiracy theories. My
favorite conspiracy theory, but I don't

[2:19:00]
favorite conspiracy theory, but I don't
believe in it, is Phantom Time. Um, I
maybe the idea that a lot of sporting
events might be fixed
um for various reasons, particularly
like the NFL playoffs. I think there's a
lot more match fixing in professional
sports and that than what is
um um to than than what is expected.
That would if I had to say a conspiracy
theory is true, that would be it. Um but
I generally am a skeptic of most
conspiracy
theories.
Um who what does the market dropping
affect the most? Um, I'd say people who
are about to retire, who didn't
transition to fixed income or lower
their risks. So, if you're somebody
who's like in their 70s who went all in
on aggressive tech stocks, you're
probably hurting the most. It's going to
delay your retirement. Um, I mean, the
rich will be affected, but if they're
sufficiently

[2:20:00]
sufficiently
diversified, they'll still be okay. they
just may be a little less less rich, but
it's just people who didn't manage who
or poorly manage their portfolios really
generally are the most at risk or people
who's a business owner in an industry
that's particularly at risk like a
smaller business owner whose in business
is going to get disrupted by the change
in the economic
order.
Um, do you think software jobs are going
to continue to be outsourced? Yeah,
unless if there's some sort of like
service on tariffs, I don't see why
offshoring will not
continue. Do you think that the 25%
tariffs on autos on all countries is is
sustainable? No, it's not. And it's goes
back to this old idea that the co the
Detroit factory workers deserve to have
lifetime job stability. It doesn't it's
not really logical. Um, how long do you
think the recovery will take? Like you

[2:21:00]
think the recovery will take? Like you
mean like for the the markets or the
economy?
Um I mean the rule of thumb is usually
recovery takes twice as long as the
decline
did. I mean sometimes it's faster,
sometimes it's slower, but yeah. And we
don't know how long this is going to
last. So I can't tell you what 2x of
this is going to be.
Um let's see if I
missed anything.
I am not familiar with Bellagi Serena
Vasan. You guys are giving me a lot of
good material for things to look
at.
Um, is there How about personal credit
in there? What do you mean for personal
credit in there? I I missed the context
of
that. In regards to windfall management,
how do you pick a CPA or wealth manager?
Um, usually within your referral
network. Um, yeah. I mean, I'm a wealth

[2:22:03]
network. Um, yeah. I mean, I'm a wealth
manager myself, so I'm a little bit
biased on that one, so I can't, but
generally people pick these as in their
referral
networks and people who they know and
trust and they want to talk to about
this thing. And there's certain things
you can look at in terms of like how
their payout structures are or like what
their investment philosophies are or
like
um and when it comes to a wealth manager
at least. And if they you got to find
somebody whose philosophy kind of lines
up with yours or you think will execute
things in the way like some wealth
people want to be more self-directed
with their trading and other wealth man
and well some wealth managers aren't
really interested in doing that. They
want to rather and others who want to
let the trust the wealth manager to do
everything. There's different types of
personality. It's a personality fits the
other variable too. But
yeah, um let's

[2:23:03]
yeah, um let's
see. I want to see if I missed anything.
Otherwise, if you are a good marketer,
extremely organized and disciplined, you
go into business yourself. Yeah, I think
sales and marketing are the underrated
skill when it comes to business. Like
you can be create the greatest product
ever, but if you can't if people don't
know who you are or don't understand the
value proposition of it, you're going to
have a hard time
growing. Um,

[2:24:02]
What do you think Warren Buffett will do
with his cash pile? I don't know. When
the stock market goes low enough or
specific companies he goes gets low
enough that he finds attractive, he'll
buy stuff on the dip. Or if it doesn't
happen before he dies, he might just um
the people who run Birkshshire after he
passes will find something to do with
it. I mean that's my guess get like if
he just completely gives up and says
there's nothing of value anymore he
could distribute the cash back to
shareholders but I think that's highly
highly
unlikely. Um best way to create social
cohesion in the US um I think is
creating more economic opportunity
especially for the bottom 50% and more
equal access to um high quality
education. Um, I'm not saying like free
college or anything like that, but like
for example, you should have increased
capacity at schools like the Ivy Leagues

[2:25:00]
capacity at schools like the Ivy Leagues
so that like somebody can get in there.
If you have a certain merit
qualifications, you could get in and it
doesn't feel like an old boys club that
just locks out a lot of potential um
upstarts in favor of like the elites.
So I just think like more I think
increasing accessibility and opportunity
for people is the best way and like I
mean also just having some sort of
consensus on right and wrong which
historically has been done by religion
but in the age of the internet where
people can find confirming biased
opinions it's hard to do that. So, I
think the internet is a good
um thing to um is a is a challenge to
social cohesion and it's an underrated
challenge to social
cohesion. Um how would you spend $300
billion? Like you are you referring to
um Warren Buffett's cash pile on that
from an investment perspective or just a
consumption

[2:26:00]
consumption
perspective? like I'd probably retire
well before getting to that level. But
let's just say if I had a um and I'm not
going to get into specific investments
because just that's just kind of the
rules for these live streams. So I'm not
going to talk about specific, but I I'd
allocate it in a mix of real
estate stocks, both US international.
I probably would internationally
diversify the real estate portfolio and
then buy enough bonds at least to
provide me the income that I want to
live day-to-day basis. Um but yeah, I
mean in terms of specifics though beyond
that, I'm not going to go into it. Um
let's see.
So, do you
think I mean should I this question
about computer science um is doomed and

[2:27:00]
about computer science um is doomed and
what what should I major for job
stability? You can't really think about
it because you don't know what
industries are going to get disrupted
and which ones aren't like you just
should avoid something that obviously is
not going to provide a job like a
studies major. But beyond that, like
given like the so much of technology and
the economy is at flux, you should study
something that's interesting that
interests you personally that has some
sort of path to
monetization. But beyond that, I don't
really I'm not going to really get into
specifics for
major. Um I think that it's economics
incentivizing morality. No, it's just
that immorality has become more
affordable and like the cost of like for
example getting married, buying a house,
having kids, paying for college and the
other responsible decisions has gone up
a lot more in price whereas the price of
vices has declined adjusted for
inflation and it's and that and the
market is indirectly therefore

[2:28:00]
market is indirectly therefore
incentivizing certain
behaviors.
Um let's see it.
[Music]
um what's it called? Do you have an
opinion on Buffett success or grave
able? No, I I do not. I don't really
know enough about him to comment
publicly.
Um yeah. Is the next step to cut income
taxes for bottom earners? Yeah, if
you're going to do the equivalent of
well the thing is the if assuming there
was not we have a the problem is that
the US had such a large deficit going
into this whole tariffs and the current
and the previous trajectory was just
unsustainable. And so as a result
um what's it called? you have um like
we've already it's it's it's hard to cut
taxes at this point when you need to get
the deficit in half at least to be

[2:29:01]
the deficit in half at least to be
sustainable. Like I would only be favor
like you have to cut spending a lot
more. If we say for example if there was
a more balanced budget for the
government then yeah I would I would cut
taxes across the board the same the the
same revenue impact that tariffs would
have and you know ideally you would swap
those as sources of revenue but maybe
you do 50% of them because I think any
expectations of revenue for the tariffs
will probably be half of whatever it's
claimed to be because of people will
work around them but the the current
state of our deficit it's difficult And
we had a tough choice. Like this
election was basically an election
between either paying this deficit
through tariffs or paying this deficit
through and not even completely just
partially just to be transparent here or
to pay it through increasing income
taxes, increasing corporate taxes and
allowing a higher level of inflation.
Like there was no way out of that pain.

[2:30:01]
Like there was no way out of that pain.
Like it's kind of picking between a rock
and a hard place when it comes to
tariffs or higher income taxes.
Um, and the bottom earners don't even
pay that much income tax. Like most of
the bulk of income taxes in this country
are paid for by people who make more
than $150,000 a year. That's why it's
viable to have proposals to get rid of
taxes for those people outright just
because like the relative contribution
of taxpayers is so skewed to the right.
And it's even more extreme in places
like California where almost all where
it's like over 40% of California's
public finances are like based on
capital gains
um from technology companies. And I did
a good videos with Chris Street about
that if you want to know more good
details.
Um yeah and then
um thoughts on Russia.
Um, they're kind of an autarist society.

[2:31:00]
Um, they're kind of an autarist society.
Um, I've never really been a fan of
Russia from an investment perspective
because they're difficult for foreign
investors to trust. Um, yeah, I mean,
it's probably better for the world and
better for them just to and come up with
some sort of peace deal in Ukraine, but
I don't really have any opinions really
to say on them other than that.
And have you changed your mind on
anything interesting
recently?
Um, that's a good question. It depends
on what you mean by
recently.
Um, but like I changed my view a couple
years ago on the death
penalty. That's the most recent one.
I've kind of flipped on it, but And I've
Yeah. And also, I've always changed my
views every day on certain things in the
financial markets because as the markets
change, my opinions change on certain
asset
classes. But yeah, I can't really think
of anything in the last 12 months that's

[2:32:02]
of anything in the last 12 months that's
like worth um
discussing.
Um let's see.
[Music]
Um, if bonds are producing less than
real inflation, some retiring at at 70
and living till 100 may be in huge
trouble. Well, yeah, that's why you
won't put 100% of your
portfolio in bonds. Well, depends on the
bonds, too. Like different yield
environments, you can get positive real.
So like people who invested in a bond
portfolio in
2020, yeah, when rates were at record
lows, yeah, they got they're in they're
in real trouble, but in other periods,
you might be just fine. But I'm not
going to get into specific advice on
that. Um, and you talk about your
educational life journey to working on
finance. I've talked about this before.

[2:33:01]
finance. I've talked about this before.
I mean, my grandparents taught me how to
trade when I was a kid. Um like and then
I did virtual trading a little bit of
real money stuff in high school and
college. I worked under an internship
under a hedge fund manager and family
office in college. Studied economics at
university. Um had a few worked in
finance professionally at various
different funds and as a research
analyst mostly and a portfolio manager
and um yeah and read a lot of books
about the subject. I'm always curious
about how money works and why things
move around the way they do. And um I
got into this industry because I learned
that I could do it for others for a
living instead of waiting until I had a
big nest egg when I'm 60 in
trading.
Um
yeah. Do you think do you have specific
strategies ensure the wealth you pass
for your family is maintained for
multiple generations and not squandered?
That's more of an estate attorney thing

[2:34:02]
That's more of an estate attorney thing
is building a trust. I think financial
education though is very important. But
um I think the biggest thing is making
sure that if you have three or more kids
that they all get along fairly well
enough or you structure the trust that
they can't have any wiggle room to
litigate it. Um but yeah, I agree that
financial education is critical and but
yeah, that's more of an estate planning
attorneys thing. But um in terms of man
of growing the wealth like to a certain
level that it that your your heirs will
inherit as much as they can. I can help
you with that. But in terms of specific
like trust structures that's that's more
of a legal
thing. Let's see how good you are at
chess. I was a competitive chess player
um in the fourth and fifth grade um here
in Orange County. I competed in local
tournaments at my school and other
places and used to play the random
hustlers on the beach back in the day.

[2:35:00]
hustlers on the beach back in the day.
And as I've gotten older, I just have
less time for chess and I don't play
nearly as much. I'm probably still an
above average player, but not a
grandmaster or anything close. Um,
strategy board games are one of my
favorite hobbies generally, but I've
moved on to other ones. And I don't like
online chess because it leaves too much
room to cheat, especially with the in
the era of
AI.
[Music]
Um, do you have any reflections on the
economic or social impacts of the
changes of gender roles and norms? Um, I
think that economic changes change the
gender roles more than the other way
around. Uh, again, that's kind of more
in the Valentine's Day special level of
topics. So, I'm not going to dive too
much. I might do a video about women and
e and careers and economics with some of
my female colleagues at Spearhead, but I
haven't really um and other women I know
who've managed to balance it fairly well
in the financial industry and others,
but I don't know if there's enough
demand for that on this channel.

[2:36:03]
demand for that on this channel.
Um let's see. If the stock market keeps
going down, do you think the Fed or
Trump will react first? Um I don't. the
Fed, the stock market's not the reaction
function for the Fed, so by default,
it's more likely Trump, but I think the
Fed would react if it actually shows
like real economic
recession. Um, any thoughts on
Palunteer? No, I'm not going to comment
on single stocks. Favorite current use
of AI? Um, I use it for my thumbnails
and for descriptions sometimes for the
channel. I use it for I use it for
research but I always have to verify it
externally. Um I use AI every day as
part of my workflow. It's become a
value. It's allowed me to become a lot
more efficient and productive. And if it
wasn't and editing probably the best one
is AI editing. It helps me make all the
cuts and it could sound a lot more
cleaner. Sometimes it's not perfect. So
sometimes that's why you see some weird
cuts in my videos but the amount of time

[2:37:01]
cuts in my videos but the amount of time
it saved me on the production and
editing side has been a lifesaver. So, I
would say that
um what are your favorite strategy board
games? Diplomacy is probably my my
favorite one. If you've heard of it, you
know the intrigue involved. I like
Strateggo a lot. I like chess. I like um
Ticket to Ride. I like a choir. I like
things that are Yacht Race is more
obscure, but I like that one, too.
Um and um you've got
um what's it called? Um those are my
favorites generally, but diplomacy is
probably my single favorite. I've
actually competed in a in tournaments
for diplomacy back when I was in
college. Um let's see. Um can you do the
Mother's Day special for women? Maybe I
might I could release it then. I'm
actually going to be in New York for the
fan meetup for Mother's Day. So, um like

[2:38:04]
fan meetup for Mother's Day. So, um like
so like if you the day before we're
having our meet up in New York City. So,
if you want to see me in person in New
York that weekend, I will be around. Um
and then I'm just in general going to be
traveling quite a bit for the tour over
the next few months in the US and in
Europe. places like Chicago, Seattle,
Dallas, Houston, Austin, San Francisco,
Bay Area, Switzerland,
Amsterdam, and um actually I have a new
announcement in February I will be going
most likely to Brisbane, Australia. And
if that's more for personal reasons, but
I might as well do a fan meet up for the
Aussies that when I will be out there.
Um let's see.
favorite country to play as diplomacy?
Um, I like France. That's probably the
basic answer, but you can get the
Iberian Peninsula pretty quick to have a
strong
foundation. And um,

[2:39:02]
foundation. And um,
you it's my probably my favorite country
to play as. I think Turkey is a good one
to play on as the East as long as you
don't have like hostile neighbors who
want to pin you in. Like if you allow
Turkey to grow the first two or three
calendar years, then it's just as
threatening as France. And those are
probably the two countries I like to
play with the most. Germany is like has
like the most risk upside downside allin
riskreward
country.
Um what's it called? And um the one I
don't like playing as is Italy. Like if
Austria Hungary, I know it's hard and
you're most likely to lose, but like
Italy, you can just get stuck and it
could just be a grind. Like you're not
going to win, but like you you're also
not going to be able to really do
anything and not be a real player on the
board if you don't manage to take out
Austria or Turkey early. Um, so Italy is

[2:40:00]
Austria or Turkey early. Um, so Italy is
probably my least favorite country to
play as in
diplomacy. Um, do you use Sauna? Your
skin is solid. Thank you. Um, I mean, I
I use I like to take jacuzzi's and swim,
but I'm not really much of a sauna guy.
Um, let's see. And if you guys want to
learn about diplomacy, there's a good
YouTube channel called Florida Man
Diplomacy that goes into the rules and
how to play it.
Um, yeah, you definitely need to use the
convoys for Italy.
Um, yeah. Um, do you agree that Bill
Gates statement that medical doctors
will be obsolete in 10 years? Absolutely
not. Like I don't think people are going
to trust a robot with life or death
decisions. I mean, I think AIS will help
speed up diagnostics and you probably
need like have one doctor be able to do
the same work as maybe five or 10
doctors even. But yeah, and no,
diplomacy is not risk. There's no role

[2:41:01]
diplomacy is not risk. There's no role
of dice and luck and everybody has a
relatively even amount of pieces at the
beginning. It's like foreign policy in a
board game. So if you want to pretend to
be your end your inner Henry Kissinger
or Anthony Blinkin or Marco
Rubio, go and play Diplomacy is actually
supposedly Henry Kissinger's favorite
board game. It's a lot like of
negotiation with people in the in the
room with you and you got to book like
six hours to play it. I used to do
nights with my friends in college and I
do do them occasionally with local
friends here.
Um, but yeah, it's a great game. I I
mean, I would actually live stream a
diplomacy game with my friends if people
actually would watch it. But that's
Would you fully vaccinate your children?
I have to do research on each of the
vaccines, but I would still probably
mostly use all the vaccines, but I might
I might spread the pace of
them. Like if there's like if if you
that might be the way to do it, but I

[2:42:02]
that might be the way to do it, but I
mean I don't really like this idea of
like all vaccines are bad. I mean, I
think most of them work fairly
effectively, but the ones that don't
have enough of a track record, that's a
different story. that that's what the
meta that's what the that's what the FDA
process is for.
Um yeah, and then
um like all right, let's see. Do I have
any Let me check if I have any other
questions because I might I'm getting
tired. I might wrap this up soon.
The other thing I want to ask since I
have a large audience here, it might be
a little different from the last one is
what do you think of me doing a series
about various boom times in economic
history? Like you know how people
explain like the Great Depression and

[2:43:01]
explain like the Great Depression and
what caused that, but you never hear
about what caused the good times. like
why are the 90s particularly successful
or the 80s or the
2000s? Um that's something if you think
or like the 1950s or the 20s or other
countries like China from 79 to 2007 or
England in the 90s or Japan in the 80s
if that's a interesting topic I think
I'm going to make a series about that. I
mean I don't know if you've probably
seen those YouTube shorts of like those
retro videos of like different toys or
pop culture or video games from the 90s.
As somebody whose childhood was in the
90s, it kind of made me really think
about a lot of that stuff. And I'm like,
why were the 90s so good? Was it just
vibes and feelings? And I looked in the
economic data and there's actually a lot
of stuff that happened that made and the
performance was actually legitimately
that much better. And I'm going to try
to put into numbers into common sense
why that actually was the case.
And yeah, and that's why a lot of my

[2:44:01]
And yeah, and that's why a lot of my
opinion, this is my heterodox opinion,
I'll wrap this up with um is that
um you know why a lot of boomer
millennials and genzers are very cynical
about the
economy. And the reason is is because a
lot of them like anybody born before
1980 or even before an 85 doesn't have a
living memory of like in their adult
life at least of a good economy. Like
I'm old enough that I remember the 90s
as a child. So I guess I'm aging myself
a little bit. Like my whole childhood
was basically in the 1990s.
But I don't but by the time I graduated
from college, it was already after the
GFC and the economy's had some good
parts and there's been some growth, but
it wasn't the same dynamism as the 90s
or the 80s. So like it makes and a lot
of people are underperforming their
parents because their parents' formative

[2:45:01]
parents because their parents' formative
years were during more prosperous eras
like the 80s and the 90s. And so maybe
that is explains a lot of the
dissatisfaction of younger generations
because they've never really they don't
know what good times are like and they
just think that what is normal which I
think is a dark age in the economy is
just what normal is. And so if like say
like the structural economic reforms
with the tariffs and just in general
demographic variables and other economic
factors I think might lead to a boom
time in the 2030s. People aren't going
to be used to what it's like to be good.
like it's gonna be crazy. People aren't
gonna be like that could be something
that
happens. And so yeah, anybody who
started their working life after the GFC
like me doesn't have that kind of
experience. I mean it's frustrating
because millennials particularly live
their childhood when was probably the
best time to be alive from terms of
living standards whereas their adult
life was a much more difficult economic

[2:46:00]
life was a much more difficult economic
time
relatively and that kind of cognitive
dissonance I think causes a lot of the
frustration in society.
So yeah,
um with that
um what and also the video for thoughts
on gambling, watch my video about
financial nihilism. I'm generally think
that gambling has gotten way too
normalized generally.
Um and then
um I don't see there's any other things
before I wrap this up.
Um, yeah. I think I'm just going to wrap
it up here, but thank you guys for
watching. Here's a link to the tour if
you guys want. You can also vote for
future destinations on a thing in my
destination um the survey form in this
description. But yeah, I'm kind of tired
of losing my voice and I got a
presentation I need to do live here
tomorrow. So, um I just wanted to do as

[2:47:02]
tomorrow. So, um I just wanted to do as
a last minute one just because of the um
the tariffs and how the shocks are. So,
I thought it'd be relevant to do a live.
But yeah, have a good night everybody.