[00:00]
Welcome to Analyzing Finance with Nick.
This is going to be a special episode
where I share my presentation I did live
at my recent meetup in Newport Beach
about the case to invest in
international stocks and assets as well
as how the recent Liberation Day tariff
news affects the outlook for the global
economy and international investing in
particularly. If you like this kind of
thing and you want to see me in person,
uh I'm going to be doing several events
across the country and in Europe over
the next six months and I will post
details about across the video and links
to come meet me at other stops on the
tour in the description. There will also
be a link in the pinned comment and in
the description to the presentation that
I used as the source data for my talk
here. So if you want to see like the
charts and the tables that show the
relative interest rate spreads and
dollar overvaluation and equity

[01:02]
dollar overvaluation and equity
valuations on international versus US.
That is the source material that I used
for this presentation. And just as a
note, as I have to do as a disclosure
for all of these, this is not investment
advice. Please do your own due diligence
or investment research or find an
adviser to help you. If you have any
specific questions yourself about
investing in international stocks or how
the tariffs affect your portfolio or
anything related to that, feel free to
contact me directly via a consultation
form or via email or my website. All
links will be available on this video's
description in the pinned comments. And
without further ado, here is my
presentation. I don't think I need to
say much else. Nicholas Partini has the
floor. Thank you everybody. And today
I'm gonna be talking about international
investing and really just the case for
international stock

[02:00]
outp like the economic investment
framework that is going on over the next
likely several years to be on. First,
there are main reasons why I think
there's going to be a revival at
international equity markets. The first
one is trade. The tariffs paradoxically
are going to mark a big pivot in a lot
of countries economic relationships and
it may actually probably it might
benefit other countries with relative
performance over the US. Fiscal policy
and geopolitical withdrawal also are
going to shift global trade patterns.
Second is a strong dollar. The dollar's
gone down a little bit the last few
days, but it's still materially
overvalued versus other currencies. So,
if you're trying to book a vacation in
Europe or Australia or really anywhere
overseas, now probably the time to do it
because your money is not is probably
going to not go as far in the next few
months. The third one is interest rates.
the interest rate spread between the US
and other countries narrowing as if you
do see a recession or even if you don't
range rates are likely to come down in

[03:01]
range rates are likely to come down in
the US and they're likely to come up
elsewhere or just stay the same and
narrower spread usually means weaker
dollar and more capital flows to
international markets. The fourth one is
sector rotation. The US large cap
performance has been overly concentrated
in big techs and there are a lot of room
for correction even after the recent
carnage. And the fifth one is just
changing global governance. A lot of
countries in the world are going to be
changing their leadership and have very
low approval rating and relatively weak
leadership for their country's history.
And just from going from bad to less bad
is going to be big implications for the
world. First, let's get the elephant out
of the room out of the way. tariffs.
They matter, but they don't matter in
the ways you would expect. Like the
common consensus really for tariffs is
that tariffs equal inflation and
economic disaster. And it's really not
that straightforward. One, because the
cost of the tariffs are not going to
instantly be passed on to the consumer

[04:00]
instantly be passed on to the consumer
for a variety of reasons. Just to
explain just in rudimentary terms what
these these tariffs work, a tariff is
basically a tax on imports. So if you
want to if you're a business or
individual wants to import something
from another country, you have to pay
the US federal government a to bring in
the money. recent news they were from
10% which is the lowest fee to countries
like Australia or some island with only
penguins and then you have the highest
one which is 93% to Vietnam even though
that might change due to negotiations
and there's a bunch of numbers in
between and depending which country
you're importing there's a different
rate and so an importer brings that in
they pay that to the government but
they're not they can't just instantly
pass on that price increase for a few
reasons one that by having to pay a
higher price internationally versus a
local competitor whether in the US or
within the broader USMCA which includes
Canada and Mexico you have competitive

[05:00]
Canada and Mexico you have competitive
forces for the export to lower their
prices. So some of that tariff hit will
likely come from the export taking a cut
on prices. Some of that hit will come
from lower gross margins from the
seller. Because if you're not selling a
high-end luxury product like champagne
or luxury cars, the consumer is
relatively weak right now in the
country. You've seen spiking levels of
credit card debt, spiking levels of auto
debt. You've seen years of inflation
going up faster than wages and just in
general, especially the bottom 50% of
Americans. There's really not that much
budget left to spend. So, they're not
going to be able to squeeze blood out of
a turnup. And so that the the the the
retailers and the end sellers not going
to be able to completely pass on that
price hype. And again, it depends on the
market. Like again, more higherend stuff
that caters more fluent clients, they'll
probably easier to pass it on than more
lower income or middle class. And then
the third the remaining part will be
passed on to the consumer. So it's a
combination of the exporter taking a
hit, the gross margin of the importer

[06:01]
hit, the gross margin of the importer
taking a hit and the consumer taking a
hit. So they like I don't think this
catastrophic wave inflation that you
hear is going to come but what could
come is just a general decrease in
domestic consumption which is bad for
the economy in its own right and could
lead to a recession later this year. The
other thing with the tariff is the
dollar had been rallying into this
tariff news because theoretically if
you're export same or lower amount of
stuff but importing less your trade
deficit goes down and that would
strengthen the dollar because there's
less outflows of dollars to buy things
overseas. However, since a lot of this
is anticipated already and priced in,
any news from here, whether it's
negotiating with specific countries to
get their tariffs down or the import
numbers end up not being as bad as
expected, that's going to lead to
negative outflows for the dollar and
also countries reinvesting back into
their home countries because a lot of
investment advisors and pension funds,

[07:00]
investment advisors and pension funds,
institutional investors around the world
have been overweight to US stocks and
this might be the case to today
especially if international stocks
outperform like we expect them to be
like hey wait why am I have overweight
asset exposure to US technology
companies when my own country's stocks
are outperforming and that could create
a wave of capital also ship and then
just the other thing with tariffs to the
contents is that tariffs are another tax
like they're not some magical thing
that's going to bring back jobs in
Michigan that require you just to screw
a widget in for 40 hours a week and paid
six bigots like that. Those Houseion
days of the 50s are over. But when it
comes to what they do do is that they do
serve as a revenue source for the
government. And Murphy said that the 10%
tax tariff rate is going to hold. It
means that that might become a permanent
piece of the government's revenue
component because there's a real reasons
for this. One, you had a deficit of 6%

[08:01]
for this. One, you had a deficit of 6%
of GDP. Generally, when you have budget
deficits above 5% of GDP, it leads to
governments around the world having to
balance their budget, at least go
tighten the deficit to show some sort of
like fiscal credibility to prevent
either inflation or a potential for
fiscal crisis. And even our secretary
treasury, Scott Bent, has come out and
said he has a target of 3% deficit. How
you going to get there? Some of it will
be through spending cuts. But even with
the most optimistic projections of Doge,
it won't be enough to do it alone. And
so the remaining is going to have to be
some sort of tax and this is going to
happen no matter who won the election.
It's just how that tax increase was
going to be. For Trump, it's tariffs and
trying to balance international trade
while also building raising some
revenue. If the other side won, it
likely would have been increases in
corporate income tax and personal income
tax and or extended inflation. So those
are the choices. You were going to get
some sort of fiscal tight and tariffs is

[09:00]
some sort of fiscal tight and tariffs is
just one way of doing that. Personally,
I think tariffs might be a better
alternative to income tax if the level
of revenue generated is the same. But
the problem with these tariffs is that
the amount of revenue that they're
anticipating to raise through these
tariffs or just the amount of net that
people are going have to pay is the same
as equivalent of raising the income tax
by about 26% across the board. if you
did it if they import only half as much
as expected cuz with tariffs a lot of
people will try to find ways to work
around. So whatever the government
expects to raise this, cut it in half,
it's closer to like a 15% equivalently
in a hike in income taxes. And if they
announced the same news instead of
tariffs at the big boards of all the
countries, Trump said, "Hey, I'm hiking
all your taxes by 25% today." You would
see this the market panic in the same
way. So that or even maybe worse. I
mean, it really depends on what people
think of is that causes more dead weight
loss. But that's just some context here
for about the tariffs. But the main pro
of tariffs is that it did work for the

[10:00]
of tariffs is that it did work for the
first 100 years of our country. The
problem was the size of the government
was a lot smaller. So if you want to
have a government solely financed by
tariffs, you need a bathing and get rid
of all the entitlement spending in the
country or have significant cuts in the
defense industry or both. The other pro
for tariffs, it helps protect domestic
industry. And since you have charging
foreigners a fee essentially to import
your a fee to buy stuff from other
countries, it makes domestic relatively
more competitive. It's difficult to it's
more difficult to evade than other forms
of taxation and helps stabilize the
current account balance. The main cons
of tariffs is it discourages
international trade which is universally
bad for global economic growth. it it
will create a higher cost of consumer
goods, but it's not as straightforward
as whatever the rates are. It's not
going to be but it still will
create a higher cost of consumer goods.
And they're economically cyclical. So,
if the economy is good, you have more
inforce, you have higher revenue, but if
you have recession, the revenue will
drop even faster than say income tax

[11:00]
drop even faster than say income tax
revenue would in the same circumstances.
And only works for countries that are
net importers. The US isn't an importer,
so it could theoretically work. But if
you're a net exporter, you stand more to
lose. And speaking of the dollar, the
dollar is trading way above its
purchasing power parody. Like for
example, the euro is trading about it's
it's rallied recently, but still about
five to six% below its fair exchange
rate. Japan began is trading about 50%
below its fair exchange rate if used
based on purchasing power parody. And
for those who are not familiar with
purchasing power parody, it's the idea
of if I go to another country and buy
like the same item like a nice dinner or
beer or hotel room that night in the
same type of city and etc. It should
theoretically cost the same but due to
relative values of currencies and taxes
and things there might be differentials
and purching power parody tried to
measure those differentials and based on
what like you can figure out what the
exchange rate is what set it if it would

[12:00]
exchange rate is what set it if it would
be the same price in the United States
compared to that country. So the parish
power exchange rate for the Japanese yen
is 100 to the dollar but the yen's 150.
officially that US goods are 33% cheaper
than they should be based on exchange
rates in Japan. That's why it's become
like the millennial midlife cris travel
death rates likely coming down due to
some sort of recession and the rest of
the world since they are dealing with
more persistent inflation may not be
able to cut their rates as fast and also
they're starting at a much lower level
and that could lead to a cadence of the
doll. The other thing is of valuations.
Even after this recent sell-off, the US
for S&P is trading as 20 times earnings.
If you look at the comparison for
international equities, the average
country outside the US is only trading
14 times. So that gives us about 35%
overvaluation relatively to the US
versus international stocks. If I get
more for my money and higher dividend,

[13:01]
more for my money and higher dividend,
higher valuations, lower valuations, I
think a lot of investors are going to
take that, especially as the US becomes
more through the tariff pulse. And we've
already started to see this in 2025
equity market performance. You have the
international index down about 1.9% a
year. The S&P is down 14%. China and
Latin America are up 7% and Japan is
down eight. So the rest of the world has
strong outperformance and it was
strongly positive outforms for the last
couple days but even after that it's
still outperforming well the main reason
for this is over the concentration to
big technology companies at the peak of
the market in February tech was about
the big technos were about 37% of the
total S&P 500 and they went up about
120% over the last two years whereas the
median stock only went up 11% over that
same time. So there's a lot of room to
correct simply just moving out of tech
stocks and into other sectors which even

[14:01]
stocks and into other sectors which even
if the average stock does okay the
frontline indexes of most people's 401ks
are in are going to get hit and if you
look at this year the underper the
average stocks down about 10% year to
date tech stocks cumulatively are down
on average of 21% year to date and just
due to their big concentration that's
why you're seeing such weakness in the
US equity market. So, how much does this
room does this trend have to go? Well,
if you look at historically, the US has
always been the biggest percentage of
the global capital market. It's always
been higher than it share GDP. The US is
about 26% of GDP. Yet, at its peak, it
was 68% of the entire global stock
market in terms of market
capitalization. At the lowest of the
last cycle in 2010, that number was
close to 40 to 41%. I'm not saying we're
go all the way back down there, but if
we go back to like 2000 levels that the
US is half of all the world's market
cap, that leaves a lot of rotate room
for away from US stocks and to
international stocks. And the last

[15:01]
international stocks. And the last
catalyst before I get to Q&A because I
want to save most of this conversation
for questions and answers is the global
leadership turn. You've already started
to see with the elections of Malay and
Argentina and Trump in the US a rotation
to more anti-establishment economics and
the countries that have not embraced
anti-establish economics their current
leadership has had relatively low
approval ratings and you could see that
with like basically the superior rates
of the countries that are the most
orthodox on their economics tend to have
the lowest political rings and vice
versa. You've seen it. 2024 is like the
only like year in modern Democratic
history where pretty much every
incumbent party underperformed in their
elections and it's a sign that you're
going to have probably new leadership in
a lot of countries and it's going to
result in posing better economic policy.
And even places that aren't democracies
like China, they've decided they're
going to prioritize growing their
capital markets and reallocating their
economy to be more competitive. And as a

[16:00]
economy to be more competitive. And as a
result, we've seen Chinese equities be
one of the better performers the last
few years. And overall, I mean, this is
interesting times. I think the tariffs
are going to be definitely short-term
pain, but long-term depending on
negotiation. Will countries come to the
table and negotiate with the US? The
smaller ones already have. like you've
seen reports of negotiations from
Israel, Australia, Thailand, Vietnam,
Cambodia, Canada, Mexico, and a lot of
other places around the world. But the
big three hold outs so far seem to be
Japan, China, and the European Union.
But those are the three that matter cuz
they're bull trade deficit. So if they
could come to the table relatively
quickly, then it could be a somewhat
minor hiccup and a slight reallocation
of the tax structure away from income
taxes in favor of tariffs. And I would
expect an income tax proportionately to
habit. This comes with if they hold out,
it can mean a lot of volatility and a

[17:01]
it can mean a lot of volatility and a
lot accelerate what was likely already
going to be a recession this year. I
think for timing, I think the midterm
election cycle has something to do with
this. That's why they're doing it now.
There's no election for a year and a
half. So get the pain out of the way
now. Get the bad stock market news out
of the way now. And hopefully you set a
healthier foundation for the end of his
term so that Republicans have a good
chance of 28. I think 26 is probably a
lost cause for Republican party for
various reasons, but especially to
cyclicality of midterm elections. But
the long term though is that if you can
set the healthy foundation and for this
restructuring of trade, it can result in
a potential new prosperity, especially
for the people who perceive be left
behind, which is mostly younger
Americans and those on the bottom half
of the economic distribution. And with
that I will a for Q