[00:07]
Spectator sports by focusing attention
on the prowess of a few athletes
discourage people from believing in
their own power to change the world.
Howard
Zinn Karl Marx was famous for saying
that religion was opiate for the masses.
But what if I told you that spectator
sports were the opiate of the middle
class? Welcome to Analyzing Finance with
Nick. Today I'm going to be talking
about spectator sports and the class
relationship. In a previous video I did
about class divide and sports. I
discussed sports are played by different
social classes where workingclass sports
tend to be those either lower costs or
more risk to personal health mainly
combat sports. Whereas the more elite
sports tend to be ones with higher

[01:00]
sports tend to be ones with higher
barriers to entry and are more expensive
and not as monetizable. And spectator
sports also have a class dichotomy. And
it's that really is become the greatest
distraction of the middle class. And
really your ranking in within the middle
class can be visibly seen by your
relationship to professional sports and
spectator sports generally. First, let's
start who doesn't really participate or
is not that interested in professional
sports. And again, I'm saying this as
not somebody who hates sports. I've been
a sports fan various times in my life.
But there is a noticeable pattern on the
socio and cultural impacts of it which I
think are generally discounted by sports
fans as a whole. When it comes to the
very lowest classes, they usually do not
have time to play sports or have
interest to play sports. They either
have mental health issues that are
holding them back. They may have to work
much longer hours at below subsistence

[02:02]
much longer hours at below subsistence
wages. So they really don't have the
luxury to watch games on TV. or go to
games. They have financial restrictions.
It's too expensive to pay for tickets to
attend for games or have cable packages
or streaming packages needed to watch
the games. I mean, yes, you could fall
on the internet for a very reasonable
price, but it's the very bottom society
just doesn't have as much of a luxury of
to be following sports. So, it's more
common among the working classes and the
middle class who have just enough base
level of income that they're going to
get they're able to get by and they do
have weekends or evenings to watch games
but they don't have so much wealth that
they can pursue better things to do with
their free time. like sports and
following sports is one of the most like
affordable forms of leisure even if
ticket prices are very expensive and
I'll get into ticket prices later in

[03:01]
I'll get into ticket prices later in
this conversation like watching sports
on TV is whether through cable or
streaming is very reasonably priced you
can get highlights oftent times on
YouTube or other free sources and
evolving sports is a pastime especially
in a more secular society where religion
is not as dominant and it's a escape
from a lot of politics, which in
America, politics has kind of become a
sport given the level of polarization
and red team versus blue team dynamics
that go on in modern American politics.
But and just the horse race nature of
political media too has some component
to this. But still, sports are a very
affordable identity to take on. They are
a hobby that doesn't require too much
commitment in terms of skill or
financial commitment. like it doesn't
take any sort of education or knowledge
or life experience to be able to watch a
sports game. And since people have
probably played at a lot of these sports
sometime in their youth because

[04:00]
sometime in their youth because
generally working class sports are the
ones that are the most popular in terms
of spectator sports, the culture people
in the culture have a general idea how
they work. And after watching a few
games, they understand the rules pretty
well. Like I'm amazed actually how
sophisticated a lot of the knowledge is
of sports fans to sports and even the
business side of it and if they can
apply it other things in life. There's a
lot of potential there to really
advance. So that accessibility is a big
driver. Why aren't the elites into
sports? Like it's basically a an inverse
U-shaped curve until in terms of
interest and money spent on sports. The
lower class don't really care or spend
on sports. The middle class and the
upper middle class spend the most money,
time, and attention on sports. And the
low and the upper class, the elites,
don't pay attention to sports really as
much either. Why? Because they can do a
lot more interesting things with their
time in real life. Like, have you ever
gone traveling on vacation or pursued

[05:00]
gone traveling on vacation or pursued
like a more adventurous hobby and we're
just doing or just busy with other more
exciting things in your life? you notice
at those same times your interest in
sports declined. Like I've noticed in my
personal life when I moved away from my
home country to a place in a different
time zone where I just couldn't
physically follow sports anymore and
have a reasonable sleep schedule along
with the fact that I just had many other
things going on in this place that were
just new adventures occupying my time. I
lost my interest in sports to a certain
degree. And that was kind of the
beginning of the end in terms of my avid
sports fandom. And I think there are
plenty of other people who've had
similar experiences. Like the elites are
more likely to have lived overseas.
They're more likely to travel
extensively. They're more likely to be
able to do certain expensive hobbies and
activities that others can't on their
weekends and free time due to financial
constraints. So you're out there
experiencing life in a more real and
direct way. The need to vicariously

[06:01]
direct way. The need to vicariously
follow others accomplishments through
sports diminishes. Same for highly
accomplished professionals. Like if you
are like a top lawyer or a top
businessman or a top professional in
some industry and you're out there just
actually doing things that make a real
difference or politicians too. like the
fact that you're doing stuff yourself
makes you less interested in vicariously
following the other people's trials and
tribulations. This isn't always the
case, but I think that's I think the
mindset, which is why I think a lot of
the elites just simply aren't into
sports because they have the luxury to
be able to afford to do better things
quote unquote with their time while
they're playing those sports or pursuing
other hobbies that might be more
intrinsically interesting or fulfilling.
or people and the elites are new money
who are very busy building their wealth
and being out there in the arena as
Teddy Roosevelt used to say. So they
simply do not have the time. So that
comes about watching sports on TV. I

[07:00]
comes about watching sports on TV. I
mean if you notice like the commercials
on TV, they mostly cater to procariat
working and middle class people because
those are the audiences. So then if the
elites and the rich aren't really
interested in sports then why is sports
so expensive? Why are sports teams so
expensive to buy? Why is it cost so much
to go to a sporting event? Well, it's
supply and demand like anything else.
There's only 30 to 32 teams in each of
the major four professional sports
leagues in America. Most of the top
premier soccer leagues in Europe,
there's about 20 teams each in each
country. So, and they haven't really had
much expansion since the late 90s, early
2000s. So the result is you just have
more of the population, the general
population growth creating more for the
same amount of sports supplied. That
explains the increases in player
contracts and ticket prices and the
whole thing. Another thing is, well,
where do they have the money to buy

[08:01]
where do they have the money to buy
this? Well, it's simply a priority
thing. Like I used to think like, man, I
could never afford to go to the NBA
finals or the Rose Bowl or the Olympics
or the World Cup or whatever sporting
event that I wanted to go to at the
time. And then I looked at it and I'm
like, what did I spend on international
travel in that year? Like, let's just
say for example, tickets for the
Olympics cost $2,000 to go to like one
track and field day and one say it's
swimming. Let's say it's 2,000 bucks.
And let's say that's about the same
price as a European vacation or a very
reasonably priced European vacation cuz
it's going to be about $600 to $1,200 to
fly out there. And then hotels and food
and all that kind of thing. And when it
adds up, you're spending the same amount
on that European vacation as you would
on a sporting event. And for less
expensive sporting events, it's the same
as instead of cancing your weekend trip

[09:00]
as instead of cancing your weekend trip
to Mexico or your weekend trip to Tahoe
if you live in California or my more
East Coast audience. It's like a weekend
trip to the Hamptons or to Florida. Like
if you do the math on the flights and
the rental car and the hotel and all
things you'd spend on a trip, it's
probably similar to what a family would
spend on a sporting event or maybe a
little bit more. And so it's a priority
thing. Certain people prioritize travel,
other people prioritize going to the
newer sports team in person and the
traveling has become a middle class
activity. So I think it's an equivalent
trade-off or same with other hobbies.
Like say instead of buying a new set of
golf clubs and your green fees you spend
playing golf is $50 to $100 around plus
the $1,000 you spend on golf course, you
could use that same money to buy season
tickets for a baseball team, a major
league baseball team or go to a couple
games of each of the sports you follow.
So it's really from that perspective, if
you look at the trade-off versus
pursuing another hobby or traveling,

[10:00]
pursuing another hobby or traveling,
it's about the same amount of money that
people would spend. It's just instead
you're giving up your trip to Europe to
go to the final four. And I've even
considered this like I'm probably going
to consider giving up traveling in 2028
and instead use that money to buy
tickets for the Olympics because this
will probably the only time that the
Olympics is within driving distance of
where I live. And so I want to go the
opportunity to see it because I don't
think the Olympics will be back in Los
Angeles within my lifetime. And that is
worth it more to me than an
international vacation, which I could do
in any year. And that's just one of many
examples of that inherent trade-off that
a lot of middle class people do. And you
can tell where somebody stands in the
middle class then based on that is where
they sit sit. The lower middle classes,
if they're going to games, sit in the
nosebleleed seats. Middle class sit a
little bit closer. The upper middle
class sits in the lower bowl. And the
professional classes will either sit in
the lower bowl or get box seats. If the

[11:00]
the lower bowl or get box seats. If the
elites aren't really involved in sports,
then who owns the sports teams? Well,
the sports teams are mostly entirely
owned by new money. Whether they make
their wealth through being an early
owner of these sports teams close to the
foundation of the league or through
being successful in the business world
in some other way and using those gains
to buy the sports team. And you can
simply just look at the ownership of the
major professional sports teams in North
America. If you look at the major sport
North American sports teams, there's
only about five ownership groups that
can really be considered from old money
families. The first one and the most
notable would be the Hunt family who
owned the Kansas City Chiefs. The Hunts
when they acquired the Chiefs were
already a older money family in the
Kansas City area and they have since
owned the team. Other ones that really
kind of qualify for this would be the

[12:01]
kind of qualify for this would be the
Mara family who owned the New York
Giants and Woody Johnson who is from the
Johnson and Johnson fortune who owns the
New York Jets. The Bidwell family was
Chicago old money and they've owned the
Arizona Cardinals really essentially
since 1932. And then the Wartz family
with the Chicago Blackhawks also have
owned the team since 1950 and they have
had substantial wealth going generations
before that. But really outside of those
teams, pretty much every professional
sports team in North America is owned by
new money. Even ones you think would be
old money like the Pittsburgh Steelers
and the Rooney. Like Art Rooney Senior
was self-made. He built a business on
boxing promoting racetracks and sports
betting and he was an entrepreneur who
used his games to buy the Steelers. Same
with George Steinbrunner. George
Steinbrunner was second generation of a

[13:01]
Steinbrunner was second generation of a
ship building family and his father
started the ship building company in the
Midwest and the son used the canes to
buy the New York Yankees. They're not
really old money at the time of
acquiring the team and they still
arguably are not old money to this day.
But same with the Bus family. Dr. Jerry
Bus was an entrepreneur and a chemist
before he acquired the Lakers and built
a fortune in real estate. So these
people are not old money elites. They
old money elites either do not have the
liquidity to acquire professional sports
teams or less simply and more likely
just lack the interest to do so. And the
reason why New Money likes buying
professional sports teams because they
grew up in the middle class and thought,
"Oh man, I would love to one day own one
of these sports teams. It's always been
a dream." And you always hear like when
a middle class American like would they
make billions of dollars, one of the
first things they think about is buying
a professional sports team. Even I think

[14:00]
a professional sports team. Even I think
about the buying the Lakers or the
Angels should the finances permit it.
But again though, I think the elites
really just don't have the same sort of
emotional attachment even in their
childhood to these sporting teams and
therefore really never got involved in
this business. I think that professional
sports given its relative affordability
as a hobby. It's a good form of cheap
entertainment and provides a source of
meaning in an otherwise secular world
and as a distraction for an otherwise
politically and economically chaotic
world has basically ironed its place in
society. However, it's really become
more the domain of the middle class who
have the time and the mental bandwidth
to be able to absorb interest in sports.
Whereas those on other social classes
either do not have the luxury of being
able to do so or have better things to
do and are busy in the arena versus
watching men in the arena. Let me know

[15:01]
watching men in the arena. Let me know
if your thoughts. Do I come off as
elitist and condescending when I view
sports as the opiates of the middle
class? Would you buy a sports team if
you had billions of dollars? And if so,
what sports team would you think is the
best investment from an ROI perspective?
and which one would you want for
personal reasons? I might do a future
video on that in terms of if you were to
buy a sports team, what would be the
best ROI? But that's probably going to
be a long way from now. Thank you guys
for watching.