[00:07]
The Midwestern old money types are
different. They're not Park Avenue.
They're lakefront
property. They don't flaunt it and they
don't talk about it. That's how you know
they have it. Lewis Aenclauss.
Just because Midwestern wealth is not as
flashy and understated doesn't mean it's
not there. Welcome to Analyzing Finance
with Nick. We're bringing back the
geography of wealth series to discuss
the Midwestern United States,
particularly the Great Lakes region.
This area of the country has been more
in the news to economic decline due to
manufacturing moving out of the region
over the last 50 years and the has been
a net loser of globalization. However,
doesn't mean there were a lot of
fortunes made from industrial wealth,

[01:01]
fortunes made from industrial wealth,
agricultural wealth or other means
throughout the centuries in America. In
fact, even though the Midwest was much
more newly settled than the American
South, the old the money that is in the
Midwest is much older on average than
than the American South today. And a lot
of the great robber barons such as the
Rockefellers hail from this region. So,
we're going to break down some of the
cities in the Midwest, where the old and
the new money tend to be from. And we're
also going to include, which I might do
a separate video about this for other
regions, like popular vacation
destinations for old and new money.
Because the old new money split is not
just in terms of where people live
permanently. It's also where they
vacation or have second homes. And since
the Midwest is fairly concentrated and
doesn't have as many local vacation
spots, I'm going to merge them into this

[02:01]
spots, I'm going to merge them into this
video. But for I might do one for just
overall old money vacation destinations
to cover other regions of the nation and
international cities with our Midwestern
discussion. Let's first start with
Minneapolis and the Twin Cities. Twin
Cities has been one of the regions
that's been the least impacted from
de-industrialization due to a relatively
more educated population and it being
less reliant on heavy industry versus
other other Midwestern cities. And so as
a result, there has been some new money
developing here. And really the
concentration of money for the most part
in the Midwest is in the greater MSP
especially is near the lakes. Minnesota
is known as the land of 10,000 lakes.
And there are a lot of lakes within the
Minneapolis St. Paul metro area. And
another unique thing about Minneapolis,
other than the proponents of lakes
within the metro itself, is also that

[03:00]
within the metro itself, is also that
unlike many other cities in America, the
north south wealth divide is reversed.
Almost all of the wealthy whether old
money or new money areas happen to be in
the southern half of the metropolitan
area. like north of the Mississippi
River, there was only really one older
new money neighborhood and that is in
St. Paul, Summit Hill, which has a lot
of old style Victorian houses and where
some of the more original old money in
the Twin Cities is. But outside Summit
Hill, everything else is south and west
of the Mississippi River. And maybe this
is to do with the fact that Minnesota is
considerably colder than a lot of these
other metro areas. And the further north
you get, the colder it gets. Or maybe
it's other social and climactic factors.
But I found this to be unique. So
outside Summit Hill, the main other Old
Money in like the core, which is the
Twin Cities, Minneapolis, and St. Paul

[04:01]
Twin Cities, Minneapolis, and St. Paul
are basically the neighborhoods near
three lakes. You have the Lake of the
Isles, you have Lake Scott, and Lake
Harriet. And basically the neighborhoods
surrounding here happen to be where the
oldest money within the city limits of
Minneapolis tends to be. And then when
it comes to suburbs, the old money
suburbs are Minnotonka and Adina uh
which have been attracted a lot of the
wealth. And this is also historically
where a lot of the professional athletes
particularly the Vikings tend to live
near this area historically. And then
when it comes to newer money, it's
mostly further out suburbs. There's not
that much new money within the
Minneapolis St. Paul city limits. A lot
of it, what people think is new money is
really just gentrified areas for urban
professionals. So when it comes to like
true like new money and like significant
like wealth built from businesses and

[05:00]
like wealth built from businesses and
the like it happens to be more out in
the suburbs and also surrounding lakes
and there are two main lakes. One is
Lake Minnotonka and the area really in
the northern half of Lake Minnetonka the
suburbs tend to be some more of the new
money is in Minneapolis. This includes
Ora and Woodland. And then the other
lake is Lake Riley and the area
surrounding there particularly the place
known as particularly the area
surrounding the Bear Path Country Club
in Eden Prairie. So that is generally
when it comes to Minneapolis. Next we're
going to be talking about Milwaukee. And
due to Milwaukee being one of the
hardest hit cities in America from
de-industrialization and the growth of
Chicagoland kind of overshadowing
Milwaukee, there's really not that much
new money in Wisconsin. There are some
new money vacation destinations in
Wisconsin, but in terms of like people

[06:02]
Wisconsin, but in terms of like people
like who live there full-time, it's just
not as prevalent. And it shows really
through the geography. There's really
only three really wealthy neighborhoods
that suburbs that stand out to me based
on my analysis. Given I really haven't
spent that much time in Milwaukee
personally. I've been there for less
than a day. And and also with these
Midwestern cities, I have not spent as
much time in most of these outside of
Chicago for extensive periods of time.
So it will kind of impact my influence,
make my research more second and
thirdand. uh based on like the multiples
of home prices like in these
neighborhoods that I mentioned, the
average home price is about four to five
times the median home price in greater
Milwaukee and as well as just their
reputation. The neighborhoods that stand
out and suburbs are Whitefish Bay on
Lake Michigan, River Hills neighborhood
and Wawwatusa, particularly the
Washington Park area of Wawwa. That's

[07:01]
Washington Park area of Wawwa. That's
down where the old money is in Milwaukee
and Wisconsin as a whole. Madison is
more of a college town, so it doesn't
have the same old money and new money
dynamics, and a lot of the rest states
either too rural or too hollowed out by
de-industrialization. However, there is
a lot of old and new money vacation
spots in Wisconsin due to how nice the
lakes are there in the summertime. And
the first one of these, which is popular
both among the wealthy in Milwaukee and
Chicago, is Lake Geneva. There's
actually a a little Swiss town near here
called New, which is kind of like the
closest thing to a Swiss enclave you'd
find in America. But Lake Geneva is a
popular old money vacation destination
in the Midwest. And the other one in
Wisconsin, which is more new money
oriented, is Door County, which is on
this peninsula that splits off to the
northeast from Green Bay. Next, we're
going to go move it south and into

[08:01]
going to go move it south and into
Indiana. We already discussed Chicago in
two previous videos. The north south
divide video which Milwaukee also seems
to reflect and the video where I
specifically go into the dynamics of New
York and Chicago which was part three of
this series. So if you want more in
Chicago, go into that. Also, I will be
in Chicago for likely the only
Midwestern stop on the Analyzing Finance
with Dick Tour on June 14th. So, if you
Midwestern viewers want to meet me live,
Chicago will be the place to be it. Now,
we're going to move on to Indiana,
particularly greater Indianapolis. Old
money in Indianapolis is on the north
side. Indianapolis has a clear north
south divide and basically the areas
between Meridian Kesler and Williams
Creek is what is generally regarded as
the old money of Indie. And then the new
money is really in outside suburbs. The
three of them are Zansville, Carmel,

[09:02]
three of them are Zansville, Carmel,
which is a very unique city because they
basically replaced almost all of their
street lights with roundabouts. The area
surrounding the Gist Reservoir. So all
this lakefront area is a popular new
money enclave. And the thing in common
with these places based on my experience
in Indiana seeing them is that they're
very spacious lots, very big properties,
and like they on they're still
affordable compared to other parts of
the country standards, but the average
housing prices for these are 500,000 to
over a million USD, whereas greater
Indianapolis has average property prices
of less 300,000 by comparison. So,
that's a considerably noticeable gap.
And these places are considerably
cleaner and have lower levels of crime
and have more spacious lots and just
have a more, I don't know, high-end
oldtimey vibe based on just my visits
there personally. But that really wraps

[10:00]
there personally. But that really wraps
up Indianapolis. The next one we're
going to be talking about is Columbus,
Ohio, which for Col Ohio, it's kind of
the most newer money city. It's kind of
the most young and dynamic city due to
the growth and impact of Ohio State.
Whereas other cities in the upper
Midwest, really Ohio, such as Cleveland
and Cincinnati, have been in decline for
decades due to ind
deindustrialization. But just, you know,
Columbus is relatively new in terms of
its recent development. It's still
overall a pretty old city as the capital
of a state that became a state in 1803
and also has been around for an extended
period of time because of it. So the old
money in Columbus is really two
neighborhoods within the city itself.
It's upper Arlington and Beexsley. And
then the newer money is out in the north
suburbs. And again like Indianapolis and
Milwaukee and Chicago. You see a clear
north south divide in Columbus as well.
And the new money sellers are Dublin,

[11:00]
And the new money sellers are Dublin,
which I think is where Wendy's started
of all places, and New Albany, which has
similar income levels to coastal Orange
County. Yet, housing prices are a
fraction of that. But still, real
estate's going to in these newer money
areas is going to be 600,000 to a
million plus versus home prices that are
average sub 300,000 in the rest of the
state of Ohio and greater Columbus. And
then the last city we're going to talk
about in terms of core residential areas
is Detroit. And Detroit is the example
of the most hollowed out really city
from de-industrialization. It was the
fourth largest metropolitan area in 1960
and it's gone down into the 20s today.
And if you want to learn more about the
decline of Detroit, I did a separate
video about this a few years ago called
San Francisco is the next Detroit where
I go into how Detroit declined and why
modern San Francisco is at risk of
repeating a lot of the same patterns.
And so as a result, there's really not
that much new money because as a result,

[12:01]
that much new money because as a result,
people have mostly been migrating out of
greater Detroit to other places in the
country. And so there's really only two
areas that stand out for wealth in
Detroit. There's the old money district
and the new money district. The old
money district really is on Lake St.
Clair and right next to the Detroit city
limits. Very common as I've mentioned
before like on the water and near the
city limit but not in the city limit.
It's a common trend for these old mill
neighborhoods. And essentially it's this
neighborhood called Gross Point. So you
have gross point Woods, Gross Point
Farms, Gross Point. But in general, this
Gross Point area is where you have the
old money of Michigan and Detroit in
particularly, whereas the new money is
further north. And it does have a north
south divide, but like the southern
parts of greater Detroit tend to be the
lower income areas and the northern
parts tend to be more wealthy and middle
class. And the new money is the most

[13:01]
class. And the new money is the most
relatively one of the most northern
parts and it's in Oakland County and
it's particularly two neighborhoods. You
have Bloomfield Hills and Birmingham are
the two suburbs that really represent
new money in Michigan. And with that,
that wraps up some of the core old and
new money in some of the Midwest. But
let's go on to vacation destinations. I
mentioned the ones in Wisconsin. Chicago
is also a popular like urban vacation
place for a lot of Midwesterners in
general. But the other local vacation
spot that's popular for Midwesterners is
Northern Michigan with the old money or
surrounding Matan Island, which is kind
of like the Catalina Island of the
Midwest and in a lake instead of really
off the coast like Catalina, California.
It's a lot nicer and less tacky than
Catalina. Similar vibe in terms of like
no cars, but it's a lot older. One of
the oldest luxury resorts in America
built in the 1890s is in Meno Island.
And there's a lot of old money enclaves

[14:00]
And there's a lot of old money enclaves
right across Lake Hiron in the upper
peninsula as well. And then on the lower
peninsula, the old money arclave near
Meno Island is a place called Harbor
Springs and Michigan and Harbor Point
too is considered kind of like an old
money getaway place. Like this place is
prohibitively cold in the winter and it
has some of the highest snow rates fall
rates in the country, but in the summer
it's actually one of the low-key most
underrated places to visit. And then the
more newer money area and like northern
Michigan is a city called Traverse City,
which is also regarded for having nice
lakefront weather and I'd say oceanlike
beach activities, but in fresh water.
It's a very unique vibe and the water
surprisingly in this area are warmer
than swimming in like the coast in
Southern California. So you can see the
draw there. But Traverse City is
relatively the new money. And the other
thing that's unique about the Midwest is
mostly like they don't have as many
local vacation destinations. So a lot of
them tend to travel. The old money areas

[15:02]
them tend to travel. The old money areas
popular for Midwesterners outside of the
region are Scottsdale, Arizona for the
winter and Tampa, Florida. fact
generally like Midwesterners tend to be
more snowbird and winter travel due to
the harsh winters and the heavy amounts
of snow in the region compared to summer
traveling like in other parts of the
country cuz summer is actually quite
nice in many parts of the Midwest.
Whereas New Money is more international
for his vacation destinations. Whether
that's the Riviera Maya then Mexico,
whether that's going to Europe for
vacations and also California is a
popular new money destination even
though it's not international for
Midwesterners. So let me know what you
think. If you are in the Midwest and I
include your city, let me know where the
old money and new money is there. And
also since I am not as like personally
connected to a lot of these places, I've
been to most of them with the exceptions
of Detroit and Columbus, but I still am
not as knowledgeable as I probably am
with some of the previous cities. So,
what did I miss? Let me know what your

[16:01]
what did I miss? Let me know what your
thoughts are. Like, are there some new
money enclaves in this in these the
Great Lakes metros that I've failed to
cover? Thank you for watching and I look
forward to talking to you in the future.