[00:07]
Video games are a waste of time for men
with nothing else to do. Real brains
don't do that. On
occasion, sure, as
relaxation, great, but not
full-time. Ray Bradberry.
I recently did a video about sports and
why sports might be the opiate for the
middle classes and the comments were
quite interesting and a lot of you asked
me about other hobbies like wouldn't
other hobbies be opiates of the middle
class as well and other forms of
entertainment and I'm going to address
one of those forms of entertainment and
that is video games because the history
of the class associations with Video
games has evolved over time and video
games are often a reflection of broader

[01:03]
games are often a reflection of broader
socioeconomic trends. Welcome to
Analyzing Finance with Nick. In this
video, I'm going to be talking about
video games and where they fit in the
social class hierarchy. And first, as a
disclaimer, it seems like I'm becoming a
traitor to young men here, bashing all
of the pastimes that are common among
millennial and Gen Z men. First with
sports and now with video games. But
I've been a fan of video games in the
past, like from about the ages of 7 to
19. I was a pretty hardcore gamer,
mostly on Nintendo consoles, but al also
occasionally some PS2 and PC games as
well, particularly real-time strategy.
And I spent probably way too much time
gaming in those years of my life. In
retrospect, I could have used that
outlet for other things, but I did learn
some useful things from gaming, such as
some strategic thinking, vocabulary,

[02:00]
some strategic thinking, vocabulary,
even some history. But the point being
is that I eventually like sports started
to phase out of gaming in my 20s as I
found better opportunities of things to
do with my time and I simply got busy
with other priorities. I still
occasionally will play games when I've
got everything else done in the day.
However, that's really been more
recently restricted to airplanes. But
bringing on a Nintendo Switch on a
flight is easily the fastest way for a
flight to go by. And I recommend video
games for things such as long train
rides, flights, etc. Things that you
just have to be sitting in a place for a
long time and you don't really want to
be productive or cannot be productive.
But with that out of the way, let's get
to the focus of this topic, which is the
class element here. In the 80s and the
90s, video games were relatively
expensive, particularly video game
consoles. Like it was a sign of dividing

[03:00]
consoles. Like it was a sign of dividing
line in the middle class for those who
could afford their own video game
consoles and those who had to go to
their friends houses to play video
games. I noticed that pretty clearly.
And I didn't even get my first real
console that worked until shortly after
I turned seven, which was a Super
Nintendo at the time. And I ended up
getting a Nintendo 64 and a Gamecube as
Christmas gifts when I was older in my
childhood as well. Whereas I had a
sibling who got an Xbox 360 and a
PlayStation 2. And not everybody was
able to have those, but most middle to
upper middle class people by the early
2000s were able to have a home console,
often a portable like a Game Boy or Sony
PSP, and PC games as well. It went from
a more niche like upper middle class
nerd hobby in the late8s to mainstream
by the end of the 2000s. And with the
mainstreaming of games, it also became a
lot more affordable. Like in the 1990s,

[04:02]
lot more affordable. Like in the 1990s,
you had to spend about
$64 on buying a Nintendo 64 game, which
in about today's money for that time
would be probably closer to $120 to $130
today. Whereas until recently you saw
games as low as major consoles of $50 to
$60 which I think with the next
generation price hikes are coming but
it's still become a lot more affordable
and it's gone down in nominal terms and
adjusted for inflation that much lower
and that's not even counting mobile
games. There's a lot of mobile games you
could play for free simply by just
watching ads and you just buy loot boxes
or skins or other bonus features to the
game. And so gaming as a result has
become the cheapest amount of
entertainment per dollar. You could
argue movies are cheap too, but a movie
is about maybe a third of the price of a
game if you're buying it. But it also
has well over a fraction of the content.

[05:01]
has well over a fraction of the content.
Like a movie's 1 to 3 hours long. Like
most video games are from 10 to 100
hours to complete. So that cheapness of
entertainment, it makes it a draw
particularly for the lower classes,
particularly undermployed, lower class
men. And there's been a lot of research
to really show that there is a negative
correlation between income and video
game usage. The debate really is what
which causes the other. I did was a
guest on another YouTuber's channel
where I discussed this issue and I got
pillaged in the comments for appearing
out of touch because I mentioned this
correlation. But I don't think
necessarily people playing games makes
them poor. More it's the other way
around. If you don't have the money to
spend on other hobbies, you are more
likely to spend that time playing video
games. Like I've noticed, at least in my

[06:01]
games. Like I've noticed, at least in my
youth, the times when I had the least
amount of disposable income was heavily
correlated to the times that I played
the most video games. And there's also a
social element to it. Video games are a
way to distract yourself from when times
are tough and you're not happy with your
life. This is the point where it gets
dangerous because gaming can substitute
real life achievement with digital
achievement. The relatively smooth and
consistent learning curve of most video
games is not reflection of how tasks
work in real life. The learning curve in
real life is often a lot bumpier and a
lot steeper than it is in a video game,
which are perfectly designed to
basically provide the right level of
challenge that you don't get bored, but
not too much challenge that you give up.
Unfortunately, tasks in the real world,
whether it's education or starting a

[07:02]
whether it's education or starting a
business or the corporate world or
socializing or really any sort of thing
that requires any sort of challenge
doesn't have this optimally designed
level curve that most games do. And so
when people who are accustomed to the
reward system and the incentive
structure structured by video games
enter the real world where the learning
curve is not as consistent, they feel a
real big sense of frustration and
disappointment because they're like,
"Hey, wait. I'm used to having this
steady linear progress that you would
see in a video game. like I build up my
EX after defeating an enemies and if I
get enough of them I level up or the
challenges of the game just get
progressively harder so it doesn't feel
like you're stuck too much on one part
of the game if it's designed correctly.
This wasn't as true in older games when
the system wasn't optimized and a result
you had either games that were way too
easy or way too hard. But nowadays, game

[08:02]
easy or way too hard. But nowadays, game
developers have gotten a lot better at
this. And it's caused a lot of people
who are used to the more steady and
reinforcement patterns of video games to
be heavily disillusioned with the real
world. They're saying like, "Oh, if it's
not as smooth as my experience playing a
game, maybe the real world is too hard
and I can't accomplish things." And I'm
not saying this applies to everybody,
but enough of this mindset, and I
experienced it myself when I first
entered the adult world when things
weren't as smooth and I get frustrated
how long it would take to accomplish
certain things or how much effort I had
to put in, how the hard work was not
always correlated with the same amount
of success. And I realized part of that
misalignment of expectations was kind of
sewed in by my experience with gaming
where I expected things to be much more
smooth. And so people who do like games
have to realize that the world isn't
like a video game in that sense. There
the learning curve is not going to be
optimally designed in a way that you are

[09:00]
optimally designed in a way that you are
satisfied. And so that's where the risk
is. And also just using it as general
escapism is the same way that people do
to watch sports or TV or other forms of
entertainment. That is a risk too. And
this also shows you why there is a
correlation between those who are out of
the workforce and those who play more
video games. The reason why the lower
classes play more video games isn't
because there's inherently something
wrong with them. It's because they often
working less hours and therefore they
have more time to play games. And when
you have lower amounts of income, you
can't really do social things with your
friends because you may not have a car
if you're like a teenager or just the
cost of going out is too expensive or
you don't have the money to take out a
date or your economic fortunes are not
really that strong enough to get the
dates that you want. And so as a result
that time you would be using on more
social outlets or other hobbies such as
golf, tennis, traveling, bowling, etc.

[10:02]
golf, tennis, traveling, bowling, etc.
you are now going to spend at home
playing games. And so as a result, video
games have gone from a middle to upper
middle class hobby to a more working
class and lowerass hobby. And there's
the data really shows this. It's like
the working classes and the lower middle
classes play considerably amount more
video games. That's kind of why I would
argue that video games are the escape
for lowincome men. It's not all bad for
video games. In fact, on the net, I
still think the invention of video games
and their adoption into mainstream
culture is a net positive for society.
And the reason is the previous vices
that gamers now have replaced with video
games were much more harmful both to the
individuals themselves and to society as
a whole. With idle time being occupied
with video games, that's less idle time
towards criminal activity and other

[11:01]
towards criminal activity and other
antisocial behaviors. So on the net, I
think video games are actually a step
for human advancement, even if on the
individual level, they can possibly
debilitate those who, like anything
else, overuse them. Let me know what
your thoughts are on this. But if you
like more of this type of content, feel
free to share. If you have a favorite
video game of all time, what is it?
What's your favorite video game console?
And do you think I'm off about this?
Thank you for watching.