[00:07]
Everything in the modern world drifts
pearlw all the time. Even the better
classes have to wait in long lines. The
quality of food degenerates.
Airline seating grows more cramped. Paul
Fussell.
Why is it that mainstream culture tends
to consistently deteriorate to the
lowest common denominator? Welcome to
analyzing finance with Nick. In today's
video, we are going to be discussing the
concept of pearl drift and why is it
often that those who are previously in
the middle class or currently in the
middle and classes and above tend to
adopt the habits and the values and
oftentimes the negative lifestyle
choices of the dependent classes and the

[01:00]
choices of the dependent classes and the
working classes. Uh it's a really
interesting observation that was most
notably made by Paul Fussell but also by
notable academics such as Richard Reeves
and Sheamus Khan from Columbia
University who have made a similar
observation of this general
deterioration of quote unquote
mainstream middle class culture. Let's
give a more generic definition of pearl
drift. It's generally the process which
behaviors, norms and aesthetics that
originate from the proletariat. So like
the working class or the procariates
most likely spread upward into the
middle or even the upper classes. In
modern times since we developed welfare
states a lot of negative social trends
often from the dependent classes trickle
up into the precar working classes and
work their way up there. Instead of
trickle down aspiration where people try
to aspire to achieve the the goals and

[02:02]
to aspire to achieve the the goals and
status symbols of those above them or
try to live like the ways of the people
of the upper classes, people tend to
cope with the chance the odds they'll
never make it up there and they've lost
the status and the class of their
upbringing. So they adopt and reband the
lower class behavior as a lifestyle
choice. It starts with downward social
mobility which leads to aesthetic or
ideological reframing. The normalization
of that behavior leads to further
downward mobility and often can be a
doom spiral. It usually originates from
economic necessity not preference.
saying like, "Why are all these people
adopting these quote unquote trashy
trends or adopting certain lifestyle
choices that
previous generations would be considered
just uncou or culturally unacceptable
because people who grew up with certain
expectation
of lifestyle, they realize the cost of

[03:02]
of lifestyle, they realize the cost of
it is above what they can realistically
do. So they'll retrofit things that are
more common in the class below them that
are more attainable or they may just
personally like better and are can be
more align with their current lifestyle.
They retrofit the moral and cultural
justifications and make new arguments to
try to make it acceptable. And when
enough people does this, a previously
lowerass habit becomes mainstream. But
instead of admitting what it is, you're
experiencing downward social mobility,
the real truth is you're trying to
normalize it in the name of being
authentic, more real, more progressive,
more down to earth when it's really just
again you trying to cope for social
downward mobility in regions of the
world where you have more social upward
mobility such as East Asia in recent
years whose GDP per capita as have

[04:01]
years whose GDP per capita as have
rapidly risen since the second world war
and more recently in places such as
China, you don't see pearl drift as as
common. It's like the other way around.
People there are trying to have a more
aspirational aesthetic and work their
way up. Whereas in places where you're
seeing more downward social mobility and
upward social mobility, particularly in
Latin America, the United States,
Canada, Western Europe, and the former
Soviet Union countries, it's more common
to see pearl drift on the downside
because those places have experienced
more social downward mobility.
Let's look at some examples. The most
blatant example, which we've been
talking about in several videos
recently,
is marriage. The idea of marriage being
optional
is more that marriage is inaccessible.
The narrative adopted you don't need to

[05:02]
The narrative adopted you don't need to
get married to validate your
relationship. The reality is that median
income individuals can no longer afford
to marry or support a household in the
traditional way in a high cost of living
city. As a result, marriage has become a
status good and achievement for
unlocking financial stability and not a
starting point. Instead of saying, "I
can't afford to get married yet," you
say, "I don't want marriage." to cope
with the fact you may never be able to
afford the wedding you dream of. The
other one is this idea of several
alternative lifestyles. The traditional
thing, especially for men in most
generations, is that I want to get an
education and work hard so that I can
make enough money to provide for a
stay-at-home wife, have a few kids and
give them a better life than I had. And
that was able to work for several
generations in American history mostly

[06:00]
generations in American history mostly
in the mid 20th century when economic
forces changed and it became more
difficult and impossible to achieve that
a lot of people instead of saying oh I
can't really afford to have the
traditional family lifestyle try to
invalidate and say oh I never wanted
that I want a more alternative lifestyle
with more free expression I can do x y
and z and they may feel that way on a
conscious level, but I think a lot of
the drivers is a prolift in the sense
that I can't get the traditional dream
and I don't want to live my life in
depression because I am a loser. So what
I have to do instead is I need to create
a news stream that I can achieve or a
new goal for a lifestyle that is within
my means. And so this is how you see
pearl drift and social norms. First one
I talked about marriage. All I want is
the idea of child-free. A lot of people
aren't meant to be parents and don't
want to be parents. So it doesn't apply

[07:00]
want to be parents. So it doesn't apply
to everybody. But a lot of people now
choose freedom, travel, and career
instead of having children. Not
necessarily because that's what they
really want, but they can't have
children without moving down a social
class. And so like there's not a
coincidence that fertility rates are
dropping the most in places with high
cost of living.
high housing costs in places where wages
are not high relative to living costs
and the places where birth rates are
dropping the least whether it's metro
areas within developed countries or on a
macro basis is the reality is is that
those places are having the highest
birth rates. They're the ones most
likely to live in the suburban house
with a traditional family of the married
couple, kids and a dog because it's
actually attainable. Whereas in the
places where it's just so far out of
reach, people try to give up and create
a new progressive narrative to build
their new life. And it's like a lot of

[08:01]
their new life. And it's like a lot of
young adults instead of wanting children
now, they either want to delay it or not
at all because of this financial
constraint. Another example is
cohabitation is just as good as
marriage. The narrative is just marriage
has become a piece of paper. The reality
is it still offers a lot of social
legitimacy, inheritance and legal
protections. Cohabitation is because
marriage seems to be unaffordable
or unreasonable to ask for a marriage
level commitment because of the economic
stab instability of either partner.
Another example is gig work and flexible
work. Like the idea of having a stable
job or a traditional business with
stable clients in my community is not as
cool as being a digital nomad. I'd
rather just have work when I can. A lot
of people would actually prefer a more
stable form of employment or a more
stable client base for their business,
but they just can't due to just how

[09:01]
but they just can't due to just how
quick things are being disrupted in the
economy. economic forces have made the
employment market less stable. So they
package autonomy
as a positive eupheism
for labor market fragility. As an
entrepreneur, I don't entirely agree.
The idea that flexible work and gig life
is a eupheism for the precarious state
of the modern procurate class often can
be the case. like the other examples in
Europe where a lot of Europeans claim,
"Oh, I'm not materialist. We're a
post-materialist society. We can be
happy with a lot less." Well, a lot of
that is kind of just cope to the degree
that they can't afford a single family
house in an American suburb. They can't
really afford a lot of luxuries that we
take for granted, such as air
conditioning. I saw a really crazy
statistic that more Europeans die

[10:00]
statistic that more Europeans die
related to heat related deaths than
Americans die due to gunshots in the
last two years which I never thought
would be the case but it's just an
example of a cope. It's like instead of
saying, "Oh, I don't need air
conditioning, like having a washer and a
dryer, or I don't need to go live in a
spacious house or driving a nice SUV or
going a lot of things that Americans
take for granted because I'm not
materialistic or I like a simpler life.
It's really more just you're creating
new narrative stuff because you can't
really achieve those things." And a lot
of progressive ideology, but there's
right-wing versions of this, too. It's
just more social issue related around
relationships or economic roles in
society are kind of cope and internal
drift. But it's not really just in terms
of relationships. It goes into other
things like example would be a fashion

[11:00]
things like example would be a fashion
and aesthetics. Like
people used to dress a lot nicer in the
1950s and60s than they do today. A lot
of people just say that's because of a
more casual and laid-back culture. Or
maybe they need to buy cheaper clothing.
If you wanted to dress like that old
style aesthetic,
every day in the modern era, it'd be a
lot more expensive. Back then, people
spent 10 to 15% of their incomes on
clothes, where today it's 2 to 3% of
your income is spent on clothes. So like
you can't really afford nice high-end
tailored fashion anti-consumerrist or
it's just more comfortable. That's a
rationalization for pearl drift in a lot
of ways. And just as a note, I don't
agree with all of these metrics
necessarily. Like you don't see wearing
a suit every day on these videos, for
example. But I'm just trying to get
examples of how Pearl drift works
ideologically in people's mindsets and

[12:01]
ideologically in people's mindsets and
evolves into what it is today. Another
one is work life balance matters more
than climbing the ladder. What this
really might mean is there's declining
real wages, fewer career track jobs. You
may not feel like you can out compete a
globalized labor force to move up. And
so you decide, I'm not going to try to
achieve because I'm probably not going
to make it. So instead of saying that,
you're saying, "Oh, I just want to have
a more relaxed lifestyle and prefer work
life balance." So it's presenting
precarious or low paid work as an
intentional life design. Another one is
like, "Oh, I love urban density and
minimalism and living with roommates
because it's better for the environment
and more fun to be in a walkable city."
where the real idea is that I can't
afford to buy a house, so I might need
to live with roommates until my 50s. Van
life, which Joel Cotkin was quoted for
saying that van life is like glorified

[13:01]
saying that van life is like glorified
precariat homelessness
and it's branded as nomadic freedom. So
like it is example of like what
previously is branded as like being
living in a van down the river is like
oh I really screwed up in life is now
kind of glorifies this chance to travel
and experience life in a different way.
Example is art. It's like oh modern art
and pop culture is just as valid as
traditional high culture. And basically
it's more that maybe like the ability to
experience high culture like going to
some high-end museums if you don't live
in like the big cities in America or
going to things like the opera or the
symphony or having the leisure time to
read more advanced books and instead
only have a few minutes to watch some
Tik Tok videos or TV shows that is kind
of diming was previously how middle
class people develop culture. and

[14:00]
class people develop culture. and
consume media is now as out of touch and
elitist because you can't afford it. So
you can see they create these feedback
loops where there's a structural decline
in wages or real wages where the cost of
living goes up but your salary stays the
same. So you're forced to have a lower
quality of life or forced to do certain
lifestyle choices more associated with a
lower class and you reframe it instead
of saying I have to do this you say I
choose this this is actually better it's
more creative it's more free enough
people make that same choice they
culturally reinforce it mainly through
the media and social media nowadays and
then the new social norm emerges and
normalizes the decay of a more authentic
and free style living when it's really
just cope and justification for not
being able to make it. And this is
compounded in so many generations which
is why you see over the last several
years living standards have kind of
declined for most of the population.

[15:00]
declined for most of the population.
Like I don't think pearl drift was
really that bad say between like world
like the World War II and the 1990s. It
oscillated with economic conditions like
you saw more pearl drift when times were
hard in like the late 60s and the 70s
and it kind of reversed itself during
times of prosperity such as the 50s, 80s
and the '9s. But really starting in
2000, you had the real peak in wages and
living standards in many western
countries such as the US and the UK. And
the decline in real wages and economic
opportunity became more of a steady path
downward for not everybody because the
internet and technologies create a lot
of opportunities for
entrepreneurial-minded people but for
the general population who has generally
a lower living standard than they did in
the 1990s.
Like it comes compounded enough that it
really started to accelerate in the 21st

[16:00]
really started to accelerate in the 21st
century. And that's why people complain,
particularly since the late '9s, you've
seen a lot more moral decay, a lot more
tolerance for previously socially uncou
and taboo behavior, and a more casual
culture. I think a lot of people who
think they are class above, particularly
middle class people, and watch my video
on the history of middle class for this,
really aren't. A lot of people think the
middle class is anybody from the 20th to
the 80th percentile of income where it's
really probably closer to like the fifth
to the 25th percentile of income that
has shrunk considerably. People don't
want to acknowledge that. They'll
acknowledge on a macro level but they
won't acknowledge it for their
individual lives. And so instead they
get into the pearl drift feedback loop
that I have mentioned. It's a problem
where basically procarity is filtering
slowly upward among the population and

[17:03]
slowly upward among the population and
they're disguising it as an evolution in
morals and values and they criticize it.
Let me know what you think. What do you
think is the most notable example of
pearl drift? And do you want me to do a
video where I do more examples of pearl
drift? Because in my research on this, I
have found more examples of pearl drift.
And just thinking about this and looking
at my observations of these trends. Once
you start to notice it, you see it
everywhere. And it is like a red pill
moment where you realize that
impacts the economic trends you hear
about on a macro level are really
impacting your day-to-day life. whether
it's your own life or those you interact
with on a day-to-day basis. Feel free to
reach out to me with your questions on
wealth management and financial
planning. Thank you for watching.