[00:01]
Is entering the upper middle class
attainable in 2020's America?
Welcome to analyzing finance with Nick.
Today we're going to be talking about
something I get asked a lot, especially
after I did the how you get rich video.
And that question is, how do I get into
the upper middle class? But it's not
usually worded that way. It's like,
"Look, Nick, I'm not trying to swing for
the fences and start a business to get
me to $20 million in counter elite
territory. I just want to make enough
money to live a good life and have about
$3 to5 million so I can have a
six-figure retirement." Is that
attainable? And if it is attainable, how
much work is it? Is it going to require
the same amount of intense sacrifice as
the entrepreneurship path does? I'm
going to answer that question in this
video. First, we got to define what

[01:03]
video. First, we got to define what
upper middle class is because that's a
very subjective term. I don't even
really use it in my own class hierarchy.
In my class hierarchy, I consider that
to be either middle class or
professional class depending on what the
source of your income is and what your
connections are to institutional power.
If you want to learn more about that,
watch my video, the American class
hierarchy. But generally, people are
either in the upper income part of the
middle class or professional class to
$125,000 a year. High-end about $500,000
a year. It also varies heavily depending
on where you live. When it comes to this
analysis, I'm going to compare it to
three major cost of living type regions.
In a lower cost of living city, the
break income for a upper middle class
lifestyle is a less than half of that in

[02:00]
lifestyle is a less than half of that in
a high cost of living city. So, we have
to keep that in mind when doing this
analysis.
Speaking of cities across the country, I
am going to be doing my analyzing
finance Nick tour across the country
next year with several different cities
with both a mix of standard meetups and
curated experiences. You'll see as this
video progresses some of the tour cards
of some of the places we're going and I
would love to see you guys there. But
back to the point of this video, if you
have a lower cost of living place, the
main difference is housing. And the
assumptions, let's go to the key
assumptions here. The first assumption
is that you're going to live in a 2500
square foot home in a nice neighborhood
that your peers are in similar income
levels, like a upper middle class or
above type neighborhood. Second is
college education. you're going to be
able to send at least two kids to
college and they'll be able to graduate

[03:00]
college and they'll be able to graduate
without taking on student loan debt.
Assumption number three is retirement.
You'll have a six figure retirement
income once you are finished with
working and you're going to finish work
before you turn 70, preferably actually
in your early to mid60s. I'm assuming
you have a career life of 40 years, but
depending on whether you go to graduate
school or have other things happen in
life. Whether that 40 years starts at 21
or 28 affects your retirement timing.
SUV or the equivalent quality of a car
that's about $60,000 new and you replace
it every 10 years. You're going to go on
a vacation every year. Let's say you go
international every 3 to five years and
for other years you go on domestic
vacations. I'm assuming you buy
higherend food and have a healthy diet,
a premium gym membership, have a good
health insurance plan and other nice
lifestyle things so you're not just
grinding the whole time. I'm going to

[04:01]
grinding the whole time. I'm going to
assume that you have a sustainable
withdrawal rate from your retirement of
four to 5% and that you can get in your
retirement returns about 6 to 8%. And
with that, we're going to now go in to
the numbers. In a lowcost living city
like in the south of the Midwest, you
would need about after tax income of
about $170,000 a year to live the upper
middle class lifestyle. If pre-tax
income, it's depending on which state
you live in in this part of the country,
it's going to be 220,000 to 250,000
gross. If you have dual income
household, that means each of you need
to have a job that pays about $125,000 a
year. In a middle cost of living city
where housing costs are a little bit
higher, you're going to also need to
have a save or higher retirement based
on this too. The gross income you're
going to need is probably closer to 300

[05:01]
going to need is probably closer to 300
to $350,000
a year. And in the higher income city, a
place with like San Francisco, LA, New
York, Boston, and like some of these
really high cost living cities, the
housing cost and high taxes in most of
these states make a huge leap compared
to even the middle cost of living level
city. So for that assumption, I'm going
to put it at about 5 to 600,000 USD.
In many high cost living cities,
particularly in California, the rent to
home buying income ratio is so out of
whack, that your rent for the same
property as buying something can be as
little as half of what your mortgage
payment would be for the same property.
And for those who opt to rent a house
and then use about a third of the saved
money to add to their retirement

[06:01]
money to add to their retirement
accounts can still have the upper middle
class lifestyle, but at about 20% less
than it would be in terms of income
needed to do it. So instead of a $5 to
$600,000 a year income you need for the
upper middle class lifestyle I
mentioned, you could probably now do it
on $375
to $500,000 a year. That's another angle
at this. But overall, I'm giving you the
benchmarks of what it's going to be
like. On the low end for an upper middle
class lifestyle is $200,000 a year. on
the high end, it's about $600,000
USD a year. So, that's kind of the
benchmark we're trying to hit. And I
explained what you're going to be
spending and saving to do that. If you
want to learn more about the retirement
side of it, I'm actually going to make a
second video that's a follow-up to this
called, is it possible to save for
retirement in the modern era. A lot of

[07:00]
retirement in the modern era. A lot of
people feel increasingly discouraged
about that, and the numbers are actually
probably a little more optimistic than
you think. Now that we have what money
income levels you need to get there and
we have what you're going to be spending
on, how realistic is to get to these
income levels? That's what we're going
to do next. And if you look at the
distribution of people in these tax
brackets,
it will provide some color on this.
In the United States, the percentage of
individuals who make over $100,000 a
year is 23.1%
as of 2024.
Households that make above $100,000
a year is about 36% of households. For
150,000, that number drops to about 13%.
And for households, it drops to about
25%.

[08:00]
25%.
For 200,000 it is now 7% of individuals
and 15% of households. For 250k it's
about 3 to 4% of households.
And it's a for house for individuals
sorry three to 3.5 to 4% for individuals
and 9% for households. For three 300,000
a year, it's about six to seven% of
households and two to two and a half% of
individuals. And for 500,000 plus is
about 1% of individuals
and about two to two and a half% of
households. So that kind of provides
some context. what I consider the middle
class or households that make anywhere
from if you live in a really lowcost
living place maybe the bottom of that
would be a h 100,000 and the higher end
would be about $300,000 per year and so

[09:01]
would be about $300,000 per year and so
that puts it about depending on what
metric you use and what your floor is is
anywhere from about
15 to 35% of American households are in
the true middle class as I like to call
it not the one that politicians like to
think it's the 25th to 75th percentile
but the fifth to 35th percentile or
really what is the middle class in the
United States and if you want to have
that upper middle class lifestyle in a
low cost of living place you're going to
need to be in about the top 15% of
American incomes in a medium cost living
place your family is going to have to be
in the top 10% of incomes and
if You want it in a highly expensive
place, your family income is going to
have to be in the top two to two and a
half% of incomes. Is this harder than it
was in the 1990s? Definitely, it is. We
have a problem in our society where it's

[10:01]
have a problem in our society where it's
a lot easier to get by now because the
floor wage has gone up and certain
social factors have just made it easier
to stay afloat as a single person. But
it is harder now to get to this upper
middle class level that I'm talking
about. And therefore the motivation to
achieve to get there given the big delta
between relatively how comfortable it is
to get a basic standard of living and
how difficult it is to get to the upper
middle class level is causing a lot of
people to get discouraged.
But the point being for this video is
that if I want to get to that upper
middle class level, what do I need to
do? There's few things. One, you need to
see what the realistic ceiling of your
income is and adjust where you live
based off of that. If you have a ceiling
of your income under 200,000, you need

[11:03]
of your income under 200,000, you need
to move to a low cost of living city,
particularly in the Midwest or the
Southeast US. If your job is in one of
these more expensive cities, try to
figure out a way to make it remote or
create a consulting practice or
something that you can do remote so you
can get out of the high cost of living.
Because if you are just breaking even
living in a place that you can't afford
to maintain the lifestyle you want or be
able to save the the amount you want to
be able to retire with that comfortable
lifestyle,
you're going to have major problems. If
I had an income potential peak of sub
200k, I would have moved out of
California a long time ago. Given my
optimism and my career trajectory and my
nature as entrepreneur, which provides a
little bit more upside than a standard
career path, I have decided to stay in
California. I think I can reach the
levels needed to provide a similar
lifestyle or above where if your income

[12:03]
lifestyle or above where if your income
potential is considerably higher, you
don't need to be as concerned about
this. Let's rewind back. Let's say
you're still in college early in your
career and you're thinking, what kind of
careers or jobs in the economy can get
me to this level that I want to have?
That's the next question. There are
several. Like if you want to get into
the upper middle professional tier, like
your salary is anywhere from like 100 to
200k, there's actually a lot of job
opportunities. Like that's a lot of
corporate level jobs within the very
high cost of living cities. And the less
higher cost of living cities, it's a
little bit it's like the next level's up
like level instead of like maybe level
two or three, that's maybe level four or
five in the corporate ladder. And
there's several directions you can go.
You could go into medicine whether
you're a physician or a physician's
assistant. Some of the higher end like

[13:01]
assistant. Some of the higher end like
nursing jobs, pediatrics, psychiatry,
psychologists,
etc. are all within this income range.
Even in low cost of living cities, in
fact, with medicine, it's kind of
inverse. The lower cost of living city
doctors often get paid more because a
lot of doctors don't want to live in
rural areas or low cost of living areas.
So the demand is higher. Engineering is
another example. Mechanical engineers,
senior level software engineers, and
hardware engineers can get their comp
into the 100 to 200k range. Even in
higher cost living
cities, the income can go even above
that. Middle level managers in general
in corporate America, whether it's
operations, finance, marketing,
management, training, etc.,
Most mid-level corporate salaries are
anywhere between 100 to 250k at major
companies. If you're a associate at a
big law firm early in your career or a

[14:00]
big law firm early in your career or a
less prestigious for maybe years three
through five, you're going to hit this
mark. Finance like commercial banking
analyst level for most financial roles
whether on the buy side or the sales
side, you're going to hit this level
actually pretty early in your career.
the trades like there are certain trades
that have this level whether it's
specialty engineers for things such as
power plants in the age of AI and
robotics people who have to repair and
fix these robots nuclear power plants
which is probably a little more advanced
than a typical handyman type job or
airline pilots are another category of
this or just very specialty trades
electricians
you will get to this level too and then
also sales like if you are a good
salesperson or even a decent
salesperson. It's their quota, you'll
probably get into the 100 to 250k level,
but it is very variable and depending on
how good you are at your job. If you're
very good at sales, especially selling a

[15:00]
very good at sales, especially selling a
higherend product like certain tech
platforms or SAS, you can get well above
this and into the next tier we're going
to talk about. And if you have a
dual-income household, you only need two
people making 110,000 a year at one of
these lower cost of living places. You
can balance it, but has to average that
and you can hit the upper middle class
lifestyle. As I said before, 100,000 is
a lot more attainable. It used to be 36%
of households make that much. And in
terms of individuals, it's over 20
almost a quarter of all individuals in
America. You just got to be in the top
25%.
You can make it. And that sounds hard
just on the raw of averages, but what
are the percentage of people who either
complete their degree or their
equivalent training and have the
diligence to persist and work hard and
try to make something of their lives?
Especially in the era of easy
distractions we have with the world,
it's probably about that number. So like

[16:01]
it's probably about that number. So like
when people scare you with low
percentage of success rates, it doesn't
mean that you're doomed. The next rule
level, let's just say, is in the 200 to
350K range. This is the amount of money
that at least one of you will need to
make in a dual income household in a
medium cost of living or high cost
living city or individually in a lowcost
living city. Again, medicine is in this
category. The more advanced forms of
medicine like doctors and things like
radiology, anesthesiology,
cardiologists, orthopedics are in the
three to 600K range. Especially if you
have your own practice. Law, like if
you're at bigger law firms or you've hit
partner at smaller law firms, you're
going to get above 250K and maybe as
high as 500K. directors, VPs of midsize
companies or just like I don't know like
level four, level five above in like
major corporations. And this includes
stock comp as well. You're going to get
into that 250k plus 250k to 400 range

[17:00]
into that 250k plus 250k to 400 range
finance, investment banking, buy side,
private equity, and wealth management.
If you're good at your job, you'll get
into this. There's wide variances
because of bonus pools are determined on
how well your fund does or how well your
brokerage practice does and if or
investment banking how many deals you
close on a given year. But you can hit
that target. techn jobs too like if
you're in the management whether project
management or product management or
managing a team of engineers you'll get
to this level or if you live in a
high-cost living city or work for like
an AI company or in a very in- demand
technology even as a software engineer
you'll get to this level and then
entrepreneurs like small businesses of
lifestyle businesses that have limited
scale you're going to get to this level
if you make it and Now, if you want to
get to the 500k plus level of income,
that's a little bit harder. If you want

[18:00]
that's a little bit harder. If you want
to be the top 1 to 2% of working
earners, like these are the kind of
profession, there's still a lot of
things you can do. One, you got to move
up a little bit higher to the corporate
level, like senior vice president level
or above. At midsize firms, smaller
firms, this is seuite. Bigger firms,
it's VPs and above. depending on the
titles on your ladder. This can get to
the 350K plus range. But really, if you
don't make it to like senior vice pro,
like basically one or two levels under
the CEO, like the other members of the
seauite or maybe one level below that,
you're going to have a hard time
breaking the 400k level in corporate
America. Most corporate people have a
hard time breaking the 250K level.
That's why there's the appeal of
entrepreneurship. If you want
significant upside finance, like if you
are a portfolio manager at a buyside
asset management firm like a hedge fund
or mutual fund, you're a principal at a
VC or a private equity firm, you can get
well over 400k into the millions. If

[19:01]
well over 400k into the millions. If
you're a wealth manager with a large
book of business, you get that, but then
you're also kind of entering
entrepreneurial territory. In medicine,
this is people who own their own
practices, surgeons as well. Those are
kind of the two lines of medicine if you
want to get to the 400k plus level.
You're either a surgeon, whether it's
plastic surgeon, cardiac surgeon,
orthopedic surgeon, or you own a
practice. The second one is like partner
level at top law firms. you're going to
get to the 500k level plus or if you run
your own law firm and specialty practice
and have a good solid set of clients,
you will get to this level, which is
probably more in the entrepreneurial
territory. Salespeople, you're very good
at their jobs, whether you have national
accounts, you're a senior vice president
of sales, you're one of the better
realtors in your city, you are just in
general really good at sales. If you can
bring in revenue and make rain for a
business or yourself, you're going to
make good money. However, it's going to

[20:01]
make good money. However, it's going to
be very volatile because of economic
cycles and your salary mainly being
based on commission.
And then tech executives, you're like
director level, VP tier or above at the
fang type companies or other tech
companies, you're a senior director or
seuite level. You're going to get to
this level too. you're going to break
the 400k level. And then, as I talked
about in my video, how to get rich,
entrepreneurs, like if you have a mature
business that has more scalability
beyond a basic lifestyle business that
doesn't have too much capex, could be in
the medical, could be in real estate, it
could be a contractor, it could be an
agency, it can be a financial firm,
could be a tech firm, it could be a lot
of different things. And it's more
business profits than salaries at that
level. So, those are jobs you get. How
do you get them? You usually need to
have a good education.
Some require professional school like an
MD, JD or MBA. And the scarcity of
people getting these degrees and

[21:00]
people getting these degrees and
difficulties of the bar exam and other
regulatory things keep competition out
which allows salaries to be relatively
high. You can develop a set of technical
expertise whether in a technology or
having a niche skill that is in demand
but hard to find is going to get you
paid well in whatever you're doing.
Entrepreneurship willing to take the
risk to start a business. Finance or
investing is just being able to use the
operating leverage of managing other
people's money. And the corporate ladder
being good enough at office politics to
move up high in the ranks. But that
usually takes the longest to get to this
level. It's going to take you anywhere
from like the mid6 figure level.
Anywhere from five to
15 years on a job. Corporate America,
it's probably a a decade or two. And
entrepreneurship,
it it's could take it's very variable.
Can depends how long your business takes
to take off. But the upside's a lot

[22:02]
to take off. But the upside's a lot
higher. the payout is also not
guaranteed and it often takes longer
than a lot of these other paths. So
that's kind of the take. And so as a
result, there's a lot of jobs that fit
in this category. That's kind of the
bright side. Is it going to be easy? No.
If you want something that is designed
for the top five to 10% people, you're
going to need to be one of the top 5 to
10%.
You're going to need to have skills that
can get you a 5 to 10% income. And
that's just a reality of it. You need to
be good enough at your profession that
you can command a wage better than
somebody that is average at your
profession.
That's a fact of life, but that doesn't
mean that it's not attainable. But
overall, that's kind of your plan. It's
a combination of having a career that
can generate enough income and then once
you have that income being able to save
at least 15 to 20% of your after tax

[23:01]
at least 15 to 20% of your after tax
income. Do you feel now that attaining
the upper middle class is more
attainable or less attainable than you
believed in the past? Let me know your
thoughts on this and thank you for
watching.