[00:01]
Welcome to Analyzing Finance with Nick.
Today's video I'm going to be presenting
a discussion about the private credit
markets. What is private credit? What is
this boom going on? And what are the
possible systematic risks of the private
credit boom going bust? This is going to
be more of an indepth topic where I go
into a specific financial asset class
and the fundamentals of it. As a
disclosure and a disclaimer, nothing in
this video is investment advice. Please
do your own due diligence and research
or hire a investment advisor to help you
with that. I will not be answering
specific questions about specific stocks
in the comments or specific investments.
If you have any specific questions about
your portfolio or your own investments
or whether private credit is a good idea
for you, feel free to reach out to me
directly via my website and consultation

[01:00]
directly via my website and consultation
form. As a disclosure, I am a partner at
Spearhead Advisors, a wealth management
firm based in Southern California,
and that helps provide my perspective.
But just again to be clear, this isn't
investment advice. This is an
educational presentation.
So what is private credit?
Private credit is lending that is
provided by non-bank institutions such
as funds, insurers, and asset managers
directly to companies through privately
unwritten and non-public loans. It
emerged after the 2008 crisis. non-bank
lenders were able to enter the market
for more speculative loans or more
direct loans to smaller medium-sized
businesses because of regulations such
as DoddFrank and increased capital
requirements on the US banking system
limiting bigger banks from participating
in this lending. Pre2020 it did a good
job of doing that. It filled a void

[02:00]
job of doing that. It filled a void
because the banks were no longer allowed
to lend to these businesses and private
credit stepped up. Since then, it's
gotten more branded as an asset class
and as a result has gotten a lot more
speculative as there's more money in
private credit because of the good
returns it has had, but there are less
deals or less quality borrowers that
need capital to be lent to them.
Estimates of the total private credit
market vary, but based on my research,
the range is anywhere from 2 to three
trillion in US dollars. That sounds like
a lot of money, but it's still only
about 4 to 6% of the US corporate credit
market. And by comparison, there's
assetbacked securities which include
mortgage back securities which are about
21% of the credit market and
non-mortgagebacked
asset back securities like auto
securities or credit cards. The mortgage

[03:00]
securities or credit cards. The mortgage
back securities caused a lot of the
issues in the 2008 crisis. So if there
is a systematic breakdown of private
credit or just a bust in the private
credit space, it is less likely
to be as big of a crisis as 2008 given
that it's a much smaller portion of the
commercial credit market. And this chart
from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston
shows the explosion in private credit.
It has accelerated a lot since 2009 and
has continued that uptrend really
throughout um the rest of that decade,
the 2010s and more so in the 2020s. So
what is the appeal of private credit?
Why would an investor rather buy private
credit than an investment grade or high
yield corporate bond?
First, they offer higher yields, usually
about 3 to 5% or 3 to 500 basis points
in finances spread on top of an

[04:02]
in finances spread on top of an
equivalent publicly traded corporate
debt. It has floating rates and lower
duration, so you're not as at risk of
interest rate risk. A lot of bonds in
the conventional bond market are fixed
rates. So, if interest rates go down,
the value of the bond goes up. And if
interest rates go up like we've seen the
last few years, the value of those bonds
gets crushed. And since private credit
is mostly floating rate, it has a low
duration. And so it has been able to
outperform bonds who have fixed coupon
payments when bond prices as a whole got
reset when Powell hiked rates in 2022
and 2023.
The other thing was that newer investors
can be assured that they'll get a
certain coupon rate on their bonds than
assuming that they don't default of
course than having to worry about

[05:00]
course than having to worry about
reinvestment risk. The other thing is a
low perceived correlation to public
markets. The key word here is perceived
because the bond market is actually
quite correlated, but private markets
don't necessarily need to show the
movements of their bonds because it is
private and they're not required to mark
the market. Not having to mark the
market is a major advantage because a
lot of asset allocators, particularly on
the institutional pension fund level,
prefer not seeing volatility in their
portfolio. If you don't mark to market,
if the value of the security goes up,
you can mark it up. And this is the same
issue for private equity as well. And if
the value of your security goes down,
unless it defaults and you're not going
to cover anything, you don't need to
mark it down like the normal bond
market, particularly high yield. If it
creditors are scared they're not going
to get paid back, those bonds will trade

[06:00]
to get paid back, those bonds will trade
at a discount. But you don't have those
same market forces in private credit,
which creates a much smoother looking
series of returns than is probably the
case in real life. And if you like this
content and want me to do a private
equity version of this video, let me
know. If you give me 2,000 likes for
this video, I will make a private equity
version of it. Mark to market's the key.
And that also affects sharp ratios which
a lot of larger institutional allocators
use to determine risk adjusted returns
and how good of a performer the active
manager is. The other thing is
customizable covenants. Covenants are
the restrictions that borrowers have on
what they can do with the money and how
they can pay back with a private credit.
Since it is not have to be disclosed to
the public, you can negotiate more
customizable
terms of the loans. And the last one is

[07:01]
terms of the loans. And the last one is
less regulation. There still is some
regulation in private credit and direct
lending, but
it is less scrutiny for both the
borrowers and the lenders than if you
put this loan through the bond market.
Some people say private credit is a
bubble. Others said this is just a
normal part of a boom. But there is some
signs of speculative excess in the
sector that do concern me. First,
there's an increased promotion of
private credit to retail investors.
You're seeing a lot more retail focused
vehicles to invest in private credit.
The next thing is looser covenants and
writing standards. This is a product of
more money going into this sector and
not as many good deals or creditworthy
borrowers to lend to. In order to be the
one the borrower picks to take the loan
from, you got to negotiate against
yourself, you need to give less
standards and strings attached to the
loan or give loans to more risky

[08:01]
loan or give loans to more risky
businesses who may have a lower rate of
paying back their debts. The third one
is rapid inflows. Private credit aid or
assets under management has tripled in
the last five years which is huge for
any asset class. Since these are mostly
floating rate securities and fixed
income instruments most of that growth
has been through inflows not through
appreciation of the bonds. Fourth is
narrowing spreads. Private credit the
spread that it gets above public market
bonds has narrowed. you're not getting
compensated as much to take the extra
risk of going to the private markets
than you were say four to five years
ago. And then there's also rising
default rates and potential fraud in
this sector which is a sign that we
might be heading towards a bust. You
could see this in the headlines
surrounding private credit. One is Blue
Owl, which is a major business
development company. They called off a

[09:01]
development company. They called off a
merger of two of its funds because one
of them was deep underwater and being
written down and the investors in the
whole entity did not want to take on the
losses. The second is the US government
is probing into firms that borrowed $400
million from a Black Rockck owned
lender. Last quarter Black Rockck had
this bond marked at 100 cents on the
dollar and just a few weeks ago it's now
down to zero. And those kind of shocking
elevators down where you think things
written from 100 to zero don't really
happen in the public markets and the
bond side but it does happen in private
credit and that's the risk of not
marking to market. You get surprised by
a bagel and Black Rockck seems to be
somebody who is a victim to that.
Another one is there's the collapse of a
few subprime car lenders in the private
credit space. One was Triricolor and

[10:01]
credit space. One was Triricolor and
First the other one was First Brands and
they're both filed for bankruptcy and
one of them has been accused of
allegedly using the same collateral for
multiple loans which if true is not
really a legal thing to do. And yeah,
you've seen banks such as Jeff and JP
Morgan and Fifth Third all have losses
resulting the defaults of these subprime
auto lenders which are in the private
credit space. And I think the catalyst
that really is going to break private
credit is that the American consumer is
weak. I've talked about this in many of
my other videos and presentations, but
the combination of higher cost of living
and wages really not catching up to it
has put a lot of people in a bind. They
covered that in 2023 and parts of 2024
through increasing debt like taking on

[11:00]
through increasing debt like taking on
credit cards or taking on HELOCs if they
can get them at a rate that makes sense,
personal loans, etc. But now these
options have seemed to be maxed out and
a lot of people aren't paying back. It's
not just low-income people. It's people
in the six-f figureure income level
seeing higher defaults on their consumer
debts than expected. As a result,
businesses in the consumer sector may
not get as many clients because their
customers are stretched for cash and
might not be able to pay back their
loans. The lack of liquidity and people
investing in this could lead to issues
too. UBS particularly has warned of a
looming systemic risk for private credit
ratings and a lot of the insurance
companies buying these private credits
have been shopping for more favorable
grades for their debt in the same way
that they did and other investors did
for higher credit ratings for MBS in

[12:03]
for higher credit ratings for MBS in
pre208.
And then the last headline is related to
what we talked about in our enrollment
cliff video. Harvard has to re-enter the
debt market with a 450 million bond
sale. And why would Harvard have to
raise debt if they have tens of billions
of dollars in their endowment? Even with
some of the federal cuts and grants and
other possible cost increases, they
should be able to have the liquidity
from their endowment portfolio to cover
their operations. But the problem is is
that both Harvard and Yale and a lot of
other universities, endowment funds, and
other institutional investors have
overallocated to private credit and
private equity. Because of that, those
things are illquid and the market is not
moving in that space right now. They
can't sell those on demand. And as a
result, they need liquidity and so
they're going to have to get liquidity
through borrowing because they cannot

[13:01]
through borrowing because they cannot
sell their private assets at a price
that would not incur losses.
There are some things to watch for with
private credit. One is the default rates
versus high yield. The market has very
generous assumptions right now for
private credit recovery rates. And those
who aren't familiar with bankruptcy law
or how bonds work in a default, the
recovery rate is the percentage of your
money you expect to get back in the
event of bankruptcy. If it's a company
that has a lot of physical equipment
very valuable to sell in the open market
or a lot of real estate or hard assets
that can easily be sold or there's one
bloated cost that can be restructured in
the bankruptcy process and the company
can be of a going concern again then the
recovery rate of a default could
actually be fairly high. Sometimes you
could even get close to 100 cents on the
dollar. Other times, if it's a
technology company and almost all the

[14:00]
technology company and almost all the
money they borrowed was used to pay
salaries, contractors or to buy digital
ads and other than maybe a few computers
and desks, they don't have any physical
equipment. They don't have any IP that
can be easily sold. If they default,
they might get zero recovery rate or
very marginal. So, a lot of it depends
on what kind of business you're dealing
with and how much debt they have
relative to their assets. As we see at
the chart on the left, this is the fault
rates of direct lending, syndicated
loans, which are both forms of private
credit, and high yield bonds. And
basically the recovery rate been lower
for high yield bonds
in terms of pre-default but post default
high yield bond holders tend to have
higher recovery rates. The other chart
here is the maturity wall which is the
percentage of private credit in the
marketplace maturing in a given year.
The other thing is really the private

[15:00]
The other thing is really the private
credit sponsors which are a lot of times
the business development companies or
private equity firms in this space.
Their stock prices have been hit really
hard this year. BDC's, for those not
familiar, it's short for business
development companies. And this chart is
a shows the price action of business
development companies falling 22% from
their highs between the beginning of
this year and shortly before
Thanksgiving as I'm recording this
because of all the concerns about
private credit. Since private credit is
private, you can't look at each
individual loan because it's not listed
on the market. But the best proxy
probably for this stress is to look at
what's going on in the BDC sector.
There's going to be a lot of ripple
effects from this squeeze and private
credit. Banks have some exposure, but
it's mild. The reaction to Jeffrey's
stock price on the first brand's news is
concerning and it might suggest there

[16:00]
concerning and it might suggest there
might be some more exposure than
perceived, especially if the banks are
the ones lending to the private equity
firms or the BDC's or other sponsors
sponsors have issues paying back those
loans. Insurance companies risk severe
losses that risk their own solveny.
Insurance companies have been the most
aggressive of the institutional
investors to embrace private credit and
this may come at their detriment
particularly for life insurers.
Endowment funds, pension funds and
sovereign wealth funds will see funding
ratios deteriorate. Gated liquidity
which means the inability to take money
out when needed could near-term squeeze
their current obligations. So when a
pension is measured, it's security based
on its funding status. So what
percentage of its obligations over the
actuarial predicted length of time can
the pension fund expect to deliver on?

[17:01]
the pension fund expect to deliver on?
The lower the number, it's worse. To
have your pension solvent,
it should be over 100. When that drops
below that, you start to get solveny
issues and people worrying about crisis.
A lot of mismanaged states in the United
States have their public employees
funds. Well under 100% solveny. I think
it's like over 40 out of 50 states have
solveny issues with their pension funds.
But that's for a different video. If you
want me to do a video about state public
pension funds and their potential
solveny issue, let me know. And if this
video gets 5,000 likes, I will do a
presentation about pension funds in the
United States of America, particularly
public worker pension funds. Other major
stakeholders that are likely to absorb
losses in the private credit bust, which
in trader speak would be the bag holders
of this include family offices, BDC

[18:00]
of this include family offices, BDC
shareholders, which a lot of the BDC's
are publicly traded in the stock market
and retail investors exposed through
interval funds.
There will other consequences outside of
just investors in the space losing money
is you'll see possible funding freezes
for levered speculative grade borrowers.
So if you are a business who normally
borrows in the private credit market, if
the private credit market gets in
hiccups, you might not have access to
credit at least for the period when you
have a credit crisis going on when
people are scared to lend. In the long
run, borrowers, especially larger
borrowers, may have to switch back to
publicly traded high yield bond markets
to raise capital. This systemic risk is
not nearly as bad as 2008 because most
of the holders are unlevered private
asset holders, not banks. So, the people
who take this loss, they just have to
eat it and move on. Insurance companies

[19:00]
eat it and move on. Insurance companies
are the most overexposed.
This chart on the left from the Federal
Reserve shows how much billions of
dollars, which is now up to over $800
billion of private credit loans
outstanding are on the books of major
life insurance companies. So yeah, if
any industry is going to have more acute
risk from this, it's going to be life
insuranceers.
What would happen in a credit bust? I'm
just going to do a stress test of
hypothetically how I think the global
economy and financial markets would
react to a private credit bust. If the
private credit bubble were to bust, what
would happen to it and other asset
classes in the economy? My scenario base
case is a mix of like a recession the
style between like the 1991 SNL crisis
and the 2001.com
bust. I think it'll be parts of both of
those. I think you'd see an economic
recession with the US economy

[20:01]
recession with the US economy
contracting 1 and a half to 2% peak to
trough. Private credit default rates of
like 10 to 12% of the bonds with a 40 to
70% recovery rate. My buy is probably
closer to the 40% recovery rate because
we live in a more capital-like economy
now. Companies do not need as much capex
or real estate or hard assets on the
books. And so as a result, if you have a
more human capital driven business,
there's naturally not going to be as
much assets to recover. And also because
of the news we've seen with things like
what happened with the subprime auto
lenders that I talked about previously
and issues with Black Rockck's private
credit fund having a part of its
portfolio marked from 100 to zero. I
think there's a real risk of the
recovery rates for private credit to be
lower than what people expect which is
about the 70% mark. I think credit
spreads in the bond market particularly
for high yield will widen overall

[21:01]
for high yield will widen overall
liability management activities and
recent bankruptcies I think also point
to lower recoveries in this cycle. Some
boomers retirements are going to be
compromised. Particularly higher net
worth boomers who had put themselves or
their advisors put them in a large chunk
of this private credit. It may not go to
zero, but you probably won't get
real return on this. You might break
even or get a loss and it'll take you
several years to get the money back.
That can derail people's retirements
significantly. Also, life insurance
companies are particularly at risk here.
Many life insuranceers could possibly
fail if this gets bad enough and we
might need to have a industry bailout or
realignment of the life insurance
companies. I think you would see a 20 to
30% correction in
the US stock market and this could be

[22:01]
the US stock market and this could be
more if the AI bubble pops
simultaneously. You have a lot of stocks
trading at very high valuations right
now on the backs of the AI boom and big
tech is 30 to 40% of the S&P 500
depending on how on the trading day and
how it's measured and as well as being
over half of the NASDAQ. If you had a
correction disproportionately in that
sector for idiosyncratic reasons along
with this private credit bust it can
result in a much larger bare market.
People who have absorbed losses in
private credit may have to sell their
big tech stocks to cover their losses,
which could cause a cascading effect.
The other long-term effect is that
there's going to be a tightening of
credit standards for the next 3 to 5
years likely because there'll just be
less liquidity available to borrowers in
the private credit space. Thank you guys
all for watching. What did you think? Do
you think private credit is the next

[23:00]
you think private credit is the next
bubble or is it the most underrated
potential systematic risk to the market?
If you want me to do similar videos on a
possible bubble in private equity or a
discussion on the funding status of
public workers pensions throughout the
United States of America, please like,
subscribe, and share. If we get to 2,000
and 5,000 likes on this video, I will
make those other two. Um, thank you guys
all for watching.