[00:00]
I I'd love I mean I'd love for people to
get to know you, right? So it's like
&gt;&gt; I had an interesting upbringing which
kind of influences how I have an
understanding of the content that I talk
about on my channel. Like I grew up in
Newport Beach, California, which people
know is a very new money town. It was
more of like a professional class, upper
middle class town when I was born, but
it was still a fairly wealthy place. And
yet I was from a pretty large family. I
was the oldest of five siblings. And so
I kind of lived probably a more upper
middle class lifestyle growing up in an
environment of people who were either
significantly wealthier who had a
similar financial background but had to
split it with less kids. And so that
kind of provided me with a little bit of
a different perspective. I also have a
bunch of family members all across the
class spectrum and in different
countries around the world. And I had
some ancestors who basically blew old
money fortunes before I was born and

[01:01]
money fortunes before I was born and
kind of learned about all those stories
of my heritage. And it kind of brought a
lot of questions. And then I after that
I went to college. And then after
college, I when I was in college, I
learned from a former hedge fund manager
who had this internship program at my
school about that I could didn't just
have to wait till I was 60 and had my
own nest egg of millions of dollars to
manage money. People would pay me a fee
to do it for them. And so I was like,
that's kind of how I figured out like,
oh, because I've always liked stocks. My
grandparents gave me stocks when I was
12 years old instead of cash. And that's
what originally got me curious. And my
grandparents were very influential in
general for teaching me about finances
and saving and investing at a very early
age. This is something that was really
instilled in my um upbringing to be very
important about financial responsibility
and about like how the money works and

[02:01]
and about like how the money works and
even I didn't really know what economics
was as a thing but I kind of in kind of
built an intuition for it just being in
a family not of small business owners
like I'm a fourth generation small
business owner. My great-grandfather
when he came to America from Italy
started a canned food business. My
grandfather had a medical practice. My
dad owns his own company and now myself
with my wealth management firm currently
and my siblings and basically most of my
uncles too. A lot of them are founders
of businesses as well. So I kind of knew
that this was a path. It was something I
wanted to do and I always looked at
school and my career path of developing
the skills, the expertise, the network
and the initial capital needed to go on
my own. So I kind of always had that
mindset built in. And I also knew as
like my career fortunes changed one way
or another or how my relationship to
money because class in a sense is not
about how much money you have. You could

[03:01]
about how much money you have. You could
be a middle class person and make more
money than a professional class person.
Um the thing is is it's more about how
what your relationship is. Like a
typical middle class person their source
of income is primarily from one
employer. It's a high enough level they
can save for retirement and buy a house
and do a lot of the um classical
trappings of middle class lifestyle.
Though they're not like just getting by
or living paycheck to paycheck, but
they're still the bottom line is that
their income is from one primary source
and they don't really have any social
connections within a reasonable amount
of degrees of separation to like the
establishment elite and the people who
make the world go round for a lack of a
better term. Whereas people in the
higher classes may make less money than
the most successful middle class people,
but they either have more degrees closer
degrees of separation to the elites,
which is the establishment pyramid, or
they've diversified their source of
revenue over a series of clients,

[04:00]
revenue over a series of clients,
whether it's like a handful of clients
that hire me to manage their money or
and do so every year on a recurring
basis or in your case, it's anybody body
who's selling a product on your
marketplace. Like our like even if our
biggest client
got stopped to using us tomorrow, we
would not be out of business. Whereas an
employee is essentially kind of like
somebody who's selling their services
but to only one person. And that's
really kind of the biggest difference to
being those on the independent track
versus the middle class. In the
institutional track, you still are
mostly dependent on one person, but you
have enough social connections like
within certain networks that you could
kind of maintain your position that way
and or like leverage those connections
to be able to have somewhat other
streams of income, but they're still
generally tied to you're connected to

[05:01]
generally tied to you're connected to
one or a few powerful people. And as you
move up, there's different degrees. And
I did a whole video on this, but and but
as I kind of navigated through different
levels of this and known people at
different levels of this through my
career and working in finance, you see
like the whole gambit really of people
in these profiles, you wonder like why
do people why can I relate to some
people better than other people? Why do
certain people have certain political
ideologies or certain underlying
motivations for their decisions that may
seem contradictory to on a pure dollars
and cents thing, a pure dollars and
cents basis? Like my most popular video
was a one called Why Old Money Supports
the Left. And it was about this idea
that um a lot of people who are
multi-generational inherited wealth tend
to support progressive politics, which
in theory you would think that's
contradictory because wait, why would
they support people who run on raising

[06:01]
they support people who run on raising
taxes and taking away um wealth from
wealthy people? But when you look at it
from another perspective, what they're
doing is if you've already made your
money, you've already paid the taxes on
it. You already are on the top of the
social pyramid. And what it does is
actually make increase barriers to entry
for your potential competitors, whether
that's through taxes or regulations or a
variety of other things. And so from
that perspective, you could see like
there's actually
multiple ways of forms of of
self-interest or class interest that are
not as directly obvious. And I try to
explore a lot of these questions that
people deep down kind of know what's
going on, but either can't verbalize it
or struggle to fully kind of connect the
dots. Like we're not a conspiratorial
person really at all. I try to have
evidence and facts in everything I say.
The challenge is probably I've read so
many books or done a lot of research or

[07:00]
many books or done a lot of research or
talked to enough people about a lot of
things. It's like I don't know half the
time where my knowledge comes from, but
I deep down know that it's real. I don't
know if you've ever experienced that
problem, but like nonetheless, I try to
have a like a and if it's something
that's very controversial that I'm going
to say, I do put in the citations where
I got it because I don't want to be
misleading anybody or misrepresenting
anybody. But my career really
essentially is after I gradu from
college, I struggled to kind of get into
the industry because I graduated right
after the financial crisis and there
simply just weren't jobs. So I kind of
did go a little bit of an more
entrepreneurial path and after doing
that I made my big break at a bigger
institution
and then I worked as an analyst and or a
portfolio manager at various different
buy institutions and hedge funds mostly
here in California but I did spend some
time also living in Singapore and then I
started my own research firm when I
moved back here from um Northern

[08:01]
moved back here from um Northern
California and I did at for a while
mainly writing research for
institutional investors and then um
making some video commentary too and
then um I just in my intellectual
curiosity got into some more of these
obscure topics like this the stuff I
talk about on my YouTube channel that's
more macro that doesn't have an
immediate trade tied to it and I'd
really just share with my clients maybe
like Nick this is really interesting but
it's not really actionable stick to like
the actionables investment stuff for us
and you can just do that stuff on for
for yourself. And so I was like, you
know, I have these interesting ideas.
Why don't I share them on YouTube?
Especially this is like shortly after
the pandemic, like it was people had
more free time to watch this kind of
stuff. So I was like, "Oh, okay. I will
put some of them up." And for the first
three years, pretty much nobody watched
my channel. But then like this is why I
asked some of those things in the
earlier video about things that are
under the radar. I saw on the radar some
videos I made about social class two

[09:00]
videos I made about social class two
years before were all of a sudden
getting traction without me promoting
them or me sharing them or making any
new videos on that content for months
over a year. And I was like, well, you
know, maybe I should try to go back to
that and say like go back to that topic
because people are curious about it and
it's interesting. There's there's more
stuff I wanted to do, but I didn't think
people cared. Yeah. And so I made
another one and that's kind of what
turned my channel from a very small
channel to what it is now. And also the
way I pivoted from research to wealth
management was during the post like NFT
crash like the last big crypto bare
market, the post-pandemic bare market 22
where a lot of these like COVID related
trades collapsed very quickly. A lot of
people were asking me for help with
managing their own money on a personal
level. a lot of local high net worth
individuals
um and younger people who might not have
hit that territory but given their
savings rates were rapidly on their way
to doing it. They're calling me and be
like, "Nick, what should I do with my

[10:00]
like, "Nick, what should I do with my
money?" Like it the stock market doesn't
seem as easy as it used to. And I got so
many of these inquiries, I kind of
pivoted away from research and at least
research that I would sell to larger
institutions and moved more towards
doing the wealth management firm
full-time. This was a gradual process.
It wasn't overnight. And I focused more
on that. And that seems to be where I
was able to help more people at a much
larger scale in a more direct way. Like
it feels like I mean this is kind of a
lot of responsibility but it also it's
rewarding that you're really allowing
people to develop their path to
financial freedom due to the research
and the anal an analysis and the
investments to put them in the right
places for their stages of Safe.