[00:01]
Happy new year everybody. This video is
a special announcement about the 2026
Analyzing Finance with Nick World Tour.
The focus of 2026 is going to be in
North America and the Asia-Pacific
region. But don't worry subscribers out
in Europe or in Latin America or
elsewhere in the world. I'm going to
cover those parts of the world in the
2027 tour. Whereas 2026 is going to
focus mostly on North America, Asia, and
Australia. We are going to have more
cities than last year. I'm going to have
the meetups in the usual format where I
will speak in front of you a large
audience in various cities about a
specific topic usually localized to the
place that I'm going that's most
relevant to the attendees
as well as we're going to be adding a

[01:00]
as well as we're going to be adding a
private curated experience section to
the tour. In addition to the main events
where you can network with fellow
viewers of this channel and listen to my
presentations, I'm also going to have
exclusive dinners to usually about 8 to
10 people in the same cities that we're
having the tour if you want a more
private and interactive discussion. I'm
considering adding golf events in
various cities, but it seems to me based
on the early responses for that, we
don't have a big golfing audience. But
if you do like to golf and have
recommendations for good golf courses in
your city, feel free to contact me.
Maybe we could set up a golf outing if
enough of you in a given place want to
do it. The one I definitely am
interested would be doing something in
TPC Scottsdale in February. But we'll
see if enough of you want to go out and
play.
Without further ado, here are the lists
of the cities that we will be going to
throughout this year. Our first stop is
going to be next week in Beverly Hills

[02:02]
going to be next week in Beverly Hills
on January 23rd. And then following
that, I will be speaking in Newport
Beach on Saturday, January 31st. Then
we're heading down under. We got two
meetups in Australia. The first one
being in the Gold Coast on February 7th,
and then we have one in Sydney on
Friday, February 13th. Then our next
stop will be in Scottsdale, Arizona on
February 21st, followed by two in
Florida. We have Tampa on February 26th
and Palm Beach, Florida on February
28th. Next will be Seattle on March 7th.
And then we're heading up to Northern
California where we'll have a meet up in
Fresno, California on March 26th and in
San Francisco, California on March 28th.

[03:00]
San Francisco, California on March 28th.
Then we're going to have a private
dinner event in Monteito
on March 29th. We will be heading to the
northeastern part of the continent
starting with Toronto on April 9th and
then Boston, Massachusetts on April
11th. Then New York City on April 14th
and Atlanta, Georgia on April 23rd. will
be going to the middle part of the
country starting with Chicago, Illinois
on April 25th, then Dallas, Texas on
April 29th and Kansas City, Kansas on
May 3rd,
and then we're going to be taking a
little bit of a summer break. And after
that, our next stop will be Denver,
Colorado on July 26th. And then we're
going to have one in Santa Cruz,

[04:01]
going to have one in Santa Cruz,
California on
August 22nd.
And those are all the hard confirmed
dates that we have for meetups. Other
places that we are going to be going,
but I do not have hard dates, these are
just tentative are Portland, Oregon
sometime in the third quarter of this
year. San Diego, California on September
12th as our tenative date. We're also
going to try to target Austin, Texas on
September 23rd and Houston, Texas on
September 25th. We also have attended
scheduled meetup in New Orleans on
September 27th and we have in the fourth
quarter potential events in Honolulu,
Hawaii with and then Quebec City,
Canada, Montreal, Quebec in Canada and
Washington DC. However, any of these
events, whether New Orleans, Hawaii, or

[05:00]
events, whether New Orleans, Hawaii, or
the Canadian stops, are possibly going
to be postponed to 2027. I'm also
looking to add some Asian stops to the
tour, but given how far out it is, I
can't really put any hard dates on it.
But I am targeting Q4 visits to Seoul,
Korea, Singapore, Taipei, Osaka, and or
Tokyo depending on demand from
subscribers and just how my schedule
personally and business-wise works out
for me to be in Asia at the end of 2026.
You'll get more details and updates from
either emails on my Substack, which you
have not joined. I recommend you do to
stay in touch with everything that we do
in terms of new videos, bonus written
content, tour dates, and other things
like that. I might make an update video
halfway through the year when these
events become set in stone. I look
forward to seeing you guys on the tour.

[06:00]
forward to seeing you guys on the tour.
If you want to go to our main meetups,
click on the link in the description to
see us via the Eventbrite page. We also
have applications for our curate
experiences which there'll also be a
link to an application. Thank you guys
all for watching and I look forward to
seeing you guys on the tour throughout
this year.