[00:01]
How old is too old to have a corporate
job in America? At what age do your
colleagues start judging you negatively
for being past your prime or too old to
be relevant in modern corporate America.
Welcome to analyzing finance with Nick.
In this video, I'm going to talk about
corporate agism, which I think is a
growing issue. And the reason I can tell
is I'm literally seeing articles in the
Wall Street Journal about how men in
Silicon Valley are getting facelifts to
appear younger so they're not perceived
as irrelevant by either employers,
venture capitalist investors, or their
colleagues in the industry?
And is this hysteria
rational? Is corporate agism a
legitimate problem? and is trying to act
and look young the solution to avoiding

[01:01]
and look young the solution to avoiding
it? Well, this is a very multiaceted
discussion and the answer to be short is
yes, corporate agism is real and it is
getting worse. There is data to show
that and the rest of this video I'm
going to go into the evidence showing
that corporate aism is a problem in the
economy and also explain what is the
rationale behind it. It's not really
what HR people would say it is. So
that's what makes this interesting and
also what to do about it. Like if you
are somebody who is the victim of
corporate agism or his career is being
held back later in life due to it, how
do people normally adapt and how should
you adapt to it? So let's get started.
Corporate AISM without a doubt is a real
thing and it has rapidly risen over the
past decade or so and it's the most
prevalent in the technology sector but

[02:02]
prevalent in the technology sector but
also in high finance other highpaying
highintensity corporate America type
jobs where ironically they hire some of
the best and brightest from elite
universities to pursue but these skilled
profession Professionals with often high
pay to compensate for their skills are
often the first ones to get chopped in
layoffs. And there's a lot of reasons
for this. Management consulting I think
is also another industry that has high
amounts of turnover particularly for
older workers.
And let's go into some of the facts that
really show the extent of the corporate
agism problem. in America goes beyond
just tech bros getting facelifts in
Silicon Valley. First, let's look at
discrimination suits. If you look at

[03:00]
discrimination suits. If you look at
lawsuits presented to the US Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission, you
have seen a jump of age discrimination
related lawsuits of 12.3%
just in the last year alone. This has
been one of the fastest growing
categories of workforce related
discrimination suits as a whole. A 2021
survey by ARP found that 78% of US
workers between the ages of 40 to 65
have either seen or personally
experienced age discrimination in the
workplace.
Within the technology industry, the
numbers are more extreme. In the tech
sector, a survey found that 35%
of tech workers say they are considered
too old for their job and worry about
losing their role due to age. And I will
cite all of these survey data that I

[04:01]
cite all of these survey data that I
share in this video in the description
so you can refer to it yourself. Um,
according to a 2019 survey of over 500
tech startup founders, 89% of them
agreed that older workers face
discrimination in the tech industry. On
average, respondents said that the agism
bias starts at age 46 and 25% of them
says it starts as young as the age of 36
years old. in tech hiring more broadly
nearing one in five discrimination
charges in the US tech industry are age
related which is higher proportion than
most other industries and tech is
basically being branded as a young man's
game you have the rise of people such as
Steve Jobs back in the day and Mark
Zuckerberg and the founders of a lot of
social media and AI and tech companies
being younger these Underkins has

[05:01]
being younger these Underkins has
basically created this narrative that
you have to be young and dynamic in
order to be successful in tech when the
actual data on startup founders is quite
different in reality. The average
successful startup founder starts their
company between the ages of 42 to 45
years old which contradicts this
narrative. You have to be young and a
new generation to be successful in
technology and in entrepreneurship when
the reality is quite different. But it's
not really just tech. If we just go
generally into corporate America, like
the high finance white shoe professions,
there's direct data to show that high
finance, which I mean like investment
banking, private equity, hedge funds,
and front office roles at investment
bank are being disrupted and layoffs are
being generally concentrated among older
workers at 50 plus. They tend to be

[06:02]
workers at 50 plus. They tend to be
pushed out or converted into early
retirement. One study site that 56% of
workers aged 50 plus in corporate
America were relieved of longtime jobs
before they chose to retire in responses
of lawsuits in the financial field
because of similar issues.
And agism is not really only about
premature termination due to age. It
shows up in hiring practices mainly not
being selected for various jobs,
promotion advancement opportunities
being limited, pay stagnation or
reduction or reduced role in workplace
culture and just general less visibility
among colleagues. There's a lot of
economic damages to this because often
some of the more experienced people in
our workforce tend to actually offer a
lot of skills and probably save money
from mistakes being made by younger

[07:01]
from mistakes being made by younger
professionals. But that's just more my
hypothesis
coming in. And so there is a lot of bias
really again because a lot of the
reports that I have read about this are
from either employment law firms that
specialize in this kind of thing or from
groups such as AP who have inherent bias
in favor of older people. So you that's
the one thing you really need to take
that with somewhat of a grain of salt.
So now we know that it's real and it's
an actual structural problem in many
parts of the economy. But why is it
real? Is it just because younger
management doesn't want to deal with
older people? Is it those who get
promoted lay off their rivals to ensure
their own security at their in their
job? Or is it a more simple economic
driver? I would say it is a more simple
economic driver and it's really just

[08:01]
economic driver and it's really just
cost versus output. It is much cheaper
for these large companies
to fire their senior professionals who
are paid higher salaries because the
market rate for senior professionals
tend to be higher and also they have
higher salary demands.
Not just because of the open market but
also because they tend to have families
often kids who are college age and they
want to be able to pay for those
universities or pay for mortgages on
their house. So the minimum that they
are willing to work is considerably
higher than the equivalent. They're also
less to move to other cities due to
attachments such as marriage and
children and owning property. And so
their lack of flexibility makes them
more of a target for layoffs. And the
salary gap and the experience gap is not
proportionate in a sense. Like if you

[09:01]
proportionate in a sense. Like if you
replace a 45year-old with a 22y old,
you're probably going to have a
significant decline in productivity. But
if you replace a 45 or 50y old with a
35y old, you the 35year-old is still
probably has 10 plus years of experience
in the industry and has a lot of
competency and skill developed since
their education years that they could do
the job 90% as well as the more senior
professional but probably at 60 to 75%
of the price. And when you look at it
that way, that's a probably the bigger
driver. It's simply just cheaper to use
an upand-out strategy where you promote
the younger people at the expense of the
job security of older skilled
professionals, especially in publicly
traded companies that need to keep their
overall payrolls down to hit corporate

[10:00]
overall payrolls down to hit corporate
quarterly earnings targets.
So, I think that's probably the main
driver is really just cost cutting. And
then the age of AI,
this 35year-old worker who's promoted to
replace his 50-year-old boss now can use
LLMs and other AI tools
to have manage less people than the
previous manager did. The previous
manager
would maybe needed a team of 20 people
to manage his division. But now the
newer manager who's more willing to
embrace AI can maybe manage that same
team that previously needed 20 people
with five. And so that lowers the
payroll costs even more and makes the
incentive to lay off senior
non-management professionals that much
higher. And that is the main driver
really for corporate agism. And the
hesitancy to hire senior people is also

[11:03]
hesitancy to hire senior people is also
due to similar reasons. One, the senior
professionals tend to demand more money.
Second, they're not willing to move to
other cities if the employer seems for
it to be fit. Three, they are more
knowledgeable and may not
be willing to put up with managers who
were willing to overwork them or take
advantage of them that maybe a more
naive younger professional would not.
Four, health care costs are often more
expensive for older professionals due to
just health insurance premiums that a
lot of companies cover for their
employees being higher in general for
older people than younger people. that
older professional is probably covering
an entire family, a wife and a few kids
under the age of 26. And so as a result,
you have a lot more benefits you're
paying out even if the salary is the
same just because of the different life
stage that each applicant is at. And

[12:02]
stage that each applicant is at. And
also the older applicant, she might not
want to spend more time in the office
and not might not be willing to stay
till 8 or 9:00 every day. Whereas a
younger
person who has no family obligations or
doesn't live out in the suburbs
is maybe willing to work longer hours
because they don't have much else to do
or their income is too low that they
can't have as much time for
discretionary spending or they don't
have commitments that prevents them from
being chained to the desk all day
whether literally or figuratively if
it's a remote job. And so that also
drives the agism in the sense of not
hiring people. And also the other thing
is that a lot of people are afraid if
you hire somebody who's say 60 years old
now, they might not stick around long
and they might retire in five years. So
you spend all this time recruiting and

[13:00]
you spend all this time recruiting and
searching for somebody who's just going
to retire in a few years. It seems like
not the most optimal decision.
So that kind of explains the motives of
why corporate agism is a thing and why
it's happening. And I think a lot of the
excuses such as oh we want more dynamic
energy. We want a certain more youthful
culture or like we want we prioritize
fit or a lot of these other corporate
jargon things are really just excuses
for this math that I said. If it was the
other way around and older people were
willing to work for a lot less money
than younger people were, then you would
probably see a very different hiring and
firing preferences from corporate
management teams. So that's kind of the
take on that. However, with all that
said,
what should be done about corporate
agism? If you are somebody who is 40

[14:00]
agism? If you are somebody who is 40
plus and is at risk of seeing this
happen to you, how do you adapt? You see
a lot of horror stories in the media
which are horribly exaggerated, which is
like, oh, finance professional or
software engineer gets fired at 50 and
now has to be a Walmart creator for the
rest of their life or is permanently
stuck in retirement because nobody would
hire them at the same level of income or
a job that is in their field. When you
look at the data for this, it's not
necessarily true. There are a lot of
ways that people do adapt but I do think
though the rise of corporate agism is
going to continue and I think that
people should manage their careers a
little differently because of it. So
what is the ideal path and how should
people manage? First, a lot of people do
find jobs at other companies and they
might have to start a slightly lower
role, but within three years, they
generally move back up to the level they

[15:00]
generally move back up to the level they
were at previously, but I think that's
going to become less the case because of
certain incentives I've mentioned before
in the economy.
So there's another path that is probably
the more common path and that is moving
down to smaller more boutique companies.
That is kind of really what the next
stage is. People work at the big company
and they're young to get work
experience, be trained by a large
reputable institution, have the name on
the resume, and gain a variety of
experiences that might be harder to do
at a smaller firm. A smaller firm needs
more experience right away. Smaller
firms do not have the luxury to take
time to train young people or lose money
in the initial years. And most big

[16:01]
in the initial years. And most big
investment banks or large investment
institutions or big law firms or similar
service-based professional companies,
management consulting firms lose money
on their junior level class of analysts
or entry-level people at the first rung
of their ladder because the cost of
training them and the their and their
initial salary and getting them full on
to speed and the relative lack of
productivity compared to more
experienced professionals is less than
the revenue that they're generating from
them in many cases. As they get more
experienced by year two, three, four,
that number flips and they become big
profit generators because their salaries
are still relatively low, but they now
have the baseline competency to provide
a high enough level of skill to generate
a good return on their labor from an
employer's perspective.
And so smaller firms on the other hand
are built differently. Instead of trying

[17:02]
are built differently. Instead of trying
to maximize that delta between minimum
pay for the economics is that instead
you need to fill a few highly skilled
people who do something specialized that
the larger firms either don't see the
market as big enough or they're simply
better than the people at the larger
firms. And as a result, they want more
proven, experienced talent. They don't
have the budget or the willingness to
take losses for training a junior person
for the first two years or so. Instead,
they want somebody who can contribute
right away, even if the net margin of
their contributing is not as high as it
is for the year 2, three, four analyst
at the big company. And so if you are
one of these skilled software developers
or financial analysts or really skilled
white collar professionals who's being
disrupted due to agism and you don't
want to pursue the entrepreneurial path,

[18:02]
want to pursue the entrepreneurial path,
what you should do is work at a smaller,
more boutique firm who would need your
skills and
can put you to use right away. And even
if your base salary might be lower, you
could probably structure your pay so
that you get upside performance-based
that could match or exceed what you are
were paid at the previous firm. And
actually, a lot of these boutique firms,
the senior level people do get paid more
than at their corporate equivalent
because you're trading off like the
prestige of the bigname firm and the
perceived social stability for higher
upside potential. This is why a lot of
advisers at some of these big wirehouse
firms leave to start their own RAS or
move their book to smaller RAAS because
they get some of the entrepreneurial
type payout for being at a smaller firm
without the entire risk of going on

[19:01]
without the entire risk of going on
their own. They are taking a risk of
going to a smaller firm and as a result
they could demand a bigger split on
their fees and more compensation to be
compensated for taking that risk or
lacking some of the branding resources
of the larger firms. And this doesn't
just apply to wealth advisors. This
applies to a lot of professions across
the board. basically moving down from
big corporate America to more customized
boutique level at really any profession.
The other path is of course
entrepreneurship. Most successful
entrepreneurs don't really get started
until their early 40s and don't really
hit their stride till their mid-4s. The
reason for this is because by that level
of your career, you've built up a lot of
experience. You've built up a lot of
connections in your network and you know
the problems in your industry and the
best way to solve them and you have the
competence and the ability to actually

[20:00]
competence and the ability to actually
get the solution done and you have the
networking to help you build your
initial base of clients and find the
right vendors and other counterparties
you need to operate a successful
enterprise.
So the if the more entrepreneurial
people, especially if you were pragmatic
and built a nice nest egg, a savings
while you were working at the cushy
corporate job, can use this layoff as a
spring point to go on their own
practice. It's kind be the thing that
actually forces you to do something you
probably should have done years ago
because oftent times the financial
compensation but also like the
flexibility of your time the kind of
inner reward of just building your own
thing often a lot more valuable in the
end than it was for being at the
corporation. But again, people get
addicted to the stability. Like Nim
Taleb said that there were three things
that were more addictive than anything

[21:01]
that were more addictive than anything
else, like sugar, narcotics, and a
consistent salary every two weeks. So,
some people just kind of need that push.
And corporate agism might be a blessing
for a lot of these very skilled
professionals who would be very
successful entrepreneurs to go out and
do it. Whether that's building in the
next great tech company or on a more
modest level starting your own medical
practice, law firm, CPA practice, RAA,
etc. The other path that a lot of these
people can take too is early retirement,
especially if they have a more fire
philosophy and have more modest living
expenses in a paid off property. They
could just retire early because they not
because they're forced to. it's because
they have the means to and they maybe
prefer to have a more relaxed lifestyle
than go all out and try to get back into
the corporate world. And then the fourth
one, which is kind of a hybrid of all
three of these, is retooling
your offering from a job that you do for

[22:03]
your offering from a job that you do for
a single employer to a consulting type
arrangement where you have contracts
that you do temporarily for different
employers or multiple employers at the
same time. The upside for this is your
per hour wage is considerably higher,
often two times what you were making as
an employee. You need to kind of keep
them for a long period of time unless if
market forces force you to lay them off
or they did something egregious to fire
you to deserve being fired. A lot of
major corporations are more willing to
hire these same people that they would
not hire for a full-time role for a
contract role and often pay them a lot
more than if they were a full-time role
for the same work. There's also tax
benefits to this kind of structure, but
that's for a different video as I'm not
a tax advisor. The downside of this is
that if you rely on certain health

[23:01]
that if you rely on certain health
benefits or you want stability, this
might not be as appealing because you'll
have to go out and get new clients and
new contracts when your current
contracts run out or are cancelled. And
some people just don't like dealing with
that uncertainty. But that contract
consulting model is kind of a mix of the
early retirement and the entrepreneurial
path. You generally have really four
paths if you're in the situation is you
move your skills to a boutique firm that
values them. You start your own
practice. You do a consulting
contracting model for your services and
still on the employment level or early
retirement if you have the means to do
it. If you're a younger person watching
this, how should you adjust your career
as a response to these forces? One, I
think the main shift that applies to
people who are still in corporate

[24:00]
people who are still in corporate
America or young people who haven't even
started building their careers, like say
you're watching this and you're in
college or fresh out of school, you need
to view corporate America not as the
endgame or the capstone, but as a
stepping stone. View working a big
corporate job in your field not the end
goal and something you're just going to
commit to for your entire life like a
marriage. Think of it more like going
back to school again except this time
instead of
paying to get your education you are
being paid
to educate yourself essentially into
developing the knowledge and practical
experience in your field.
And when you look at it that
perspective,
you can kind of change your career and
your whole view to build a plan that
will make sure that you do not atrophy
or get complacent in your job and

[25:00]
or get complacent in your job and
continue to update yourself so that
whether you decide to go on your own for
your own valition or aegist forces knock
you out of the corporate ladder, you
will be able to handle it and adapt for
it much better. Like I think the career
advice path of you just trying to find
the corporate job and just either stay
there or switch between similar
competing companies every 3 to four
years is not really an ideal solution.
Instead, you maybe focus the first two
to 10 years of your career working at
one of these big corporate institutions.
And then you while you're there, you
learn kind of how the companies work
from the inside out, make useful
contacts, gain valuable experience,
upskill yourself until you are ready to
either start your own practice or
negotiate and take your talents to a
more boutique firm where you can use
your skills in a way that is more
personally fulfilling for you and more

[26:01]
personally fulfilling for you and more
lucrative for you. And the path would be
like 20s and 30s is like the corporate
America path. 30s and 40s is I pivot out
of that to start entrepreneurship or
joining a smaller company where I am a
core member of the team whether it's a
partner level or pretty close to it and
that's how you advance. You shouldn't
really leave the mercy of your entire
life to the whims of corporate agism.
use this as a chance to go on a more
natural cycle where corporate America is
used to train younger people outside the
management level and then once you've
graduated you graduate with these skills
and apply them in more direct applicable
way at more nimble firms that can more
directly benefit from your work. Let me
know what your thoughts. Have you
experienced corporate agism yourself?
Are you afraid of it? Do you think my

[27:02]
Are you afraid of it? Do you think my
idea of using corporate America as
extended education and paid training for
skills that you'll use either at a
boutique or at your own firm, a helpful
way to look at career management or a
way that is not scalable to the general
public? I'd love to hear your thoughts.
Thank you for watching.