Kind: captions
Language: en
People don't really ask themselves a
very simple question that would explain
it. Why is there were no um successful
GTO bots ever?
What in your experience throughout your
career and also throughout your
experience coaching? What has been the
most effective way for you to work on
your game or to build strategies or to
study?
Uh well that's the algorithm that I've
arrived to by the end of my career and
yeah that's the idea how you approach to
spots that different spots happen with
different frequencies different boards
happen with different frequencies um
some are more important some are less
it's not about the frequency only it is
also about the possibility to exploit to
build exploits on some boards it is also
about a complexity factor I call it the
the factor that people make people tend
to make more mistakes in some spots and
less in other spots. So, you should like
kind of identify those and double down
on your double up or whatever increase
your effort. And then [clears throat] um
there are also spots that people
intuitively play far from the solver and
those spots are very interesting to
study as well because there you can make
some assumptions like okay if most of
people deviate that much then I can
exploit that and get a lot of extra EV
compared to if I just play the GTO
strategy.
So me many ideas that you can derive and
then put it into a picture
for our audience like who are probably
arise many questions when when when you
just quickly explained like your study
algorithm I wanted to pick out one thing
what is like what are like some
characteristics of spots where I think
you mentioned it's easy for people to
make mistakes for the listeners what is
something that they have to look for and
how they can identify a situation where
it's likely that your opponent or the
population in general uh is likely to
screw up by a lot.
Um well, there are a couple of ways to
find such spots. Um what what's better
to begin with? So the lines that people
are playing the be that people play the
best are the most common lines. Let's
say CBAT, big blind versus the button or
defense against CBT. It's hard to make a
mistake when you play the strategy for
many years. Plus, you can look up the
solver and correct yourself. But then
there are some spots that you don't get
to play a lot. For example, small blind
versus big blind three but pot when the
big blind checks flop and then small
blind has to act or even big blind
versus the button singular spot when the
big blind checks on a flop. If he checks
more than the solver does then on the
turn caller has to protect his calling
range. He has to protect his check. He
has to split his sizes. And there are
many ways to make potential mistakes. So
those are some ideas to start with.
Also, it's important while searching for
such spots to ask yourself, okay, this
spot is very hard. People make a lot of
mistakes, but how often does it actually
happen? Because I remember myself
finding some spots that seem like super
cool to exploit. I was feeling like
super smart, but then I I started
playing and I realized that these spots
happen once in a month and then I feel
dumb like what what did I just waste 20
hours building my exploits for if it
never happens?
Yeah. So, it has to be I mean we talked
about this in the podcast many times
like frequency of spot. It has to be
like a balance between the frequency of
the spot and the EV of the exploit.
Let's say you find a good river race
exploit where you know you make quite a
lot of money and that spot you know
occurs maybe once every session or so.
It can maybe be quite interesting uh to
explore that but like you said when it
only happens once a month or when
something happens frequently but the EV
gain is very slightly maybe it's not
really worth your time. it's very hard
to give an exact metric, right? You kind
of start to have a feel like, okay, this
was actually a waste of time and this
was not a waste of time and based on
that, you know, you're going to uh
recalibrate your future studying. Um,
you you mentioned about the
characteristics of the spots, right,
that lead to players making mistakes.
So, knowing this knowledge, how would
that uh change your strategic approach,
right? You talked a lot about, yeah,
okay, the most frequent spots and the
spots that people are most used to,
that's where they make less mistakes. So
knowing that, how does that impact the
strategy that you would like to employ?
Well, well, first of all, we've just
scratched the surface here because it's
a very complex uh idea, you know, your
study approach how you spend two hours
of theory that you can devote every day
to studying theory compared to the
field. Um it is full of nuances because
if you like the spots that you choose to
study um they they make a very big
difference in a in a long run because if
one person gets the let's say let's rate
the level of the efficiency of
approaching poker study. Let's say one
person is 80% efficient and and another
person is 90% or 95% efficient. In the
long run that is immen the difference is
immense. So your goal is to find as many
nuances as you can to improve your study
method as much as possible because in
the long run you'll have some incredible
edge uh when the compound effect gets
into the play.
So within your uh your optimized study
algorithm,
what are some of the tools that you like
to use and how do you think you can use
them most effectively?
Well, the main tool is the solver before
GTO wizard which is now the king. Um it
was the simple passlap which was by the
way not very popular among English
speaking audience. I think most of
people used pio solver and simple
passlap used to be much better at least
at the beginning and then pio has caught
up. I think the option of node blocks
like nod locking the strategies it was
very convenient. You could do that on a
go. You didn't have to recalculate the
spot from the very beginning. You can
just you know get to the turn and get
your calculation in one two minutes or
faster depends on your PC. So, uh,
simple pass flop for sure. And then
Flipzilla, even though it's like an
outdated tool before the GTO wizard,
Flipzilla had this, well, it now still
has this very nice function called hold
deck when you can visualize the equity
versus the equity in a graph, uh, one
position versus another. And then you
can see who has the advantage in what
type of equity hands, either the noted
equity hands or strong or medium, etc.,
which gets you to understand the sizings
better and how often to check etc. So it
was super convenient. Now you get all
these functions in GTO wizard.
Shout out to GTO Wizard sponsor of
Thanks for killing poker guys.
[laughter]
No, I'm just kidding. I I love it. It's
very fast, very convenient. Yeah, there
especially like older school players uh
they have mixed feelings around uh
technology developing so so quickly. Um
you mentioned also earlier in the pot
about the threats right of using
solvers. I think you talked about
mimicking the solvers. What are like the
most common leaks you see when players
try to build strategies around solvers?
We already talked about in your stud
study algorithm maybe players studying
spots that are not that frequent. What
are like common mistakes that they make
when trying to I think you try talked
about copying the solver. Why is that so
bad?
Okay. I think one of the main
misconceptions that people have about
solver is that they for some reason need
to play like a solver. But what they
don't get is that solver his strategy is
based on the most optimal strategy while
playing against the same perfect machine
who knows your cards. So if you do
something differently, you are going to
be instantly punished. So the goal of
your strategy is not to like maximize
your EV against this opponent who has
many leaks, but to be um invulnerable
yourself, to have no weak spots that can
be attacked. So you have to mix many
hands into different lines. You have to
use randomizer etc. You have to call
down using the frequencies and so on and
so forth. When in practice people just
have so many leaks and if you try to
play the solar strategy, people don't
really ask themselves a very simple
question that would explain it. Why is
there were no um successful GTO bots
ever who played online? Like why is
that? If GTO is the best game, why can't
you just create this bot that plays, you
know, GTO wizard or pio strategy on
every street and just crush everybody?
Why such bots have never come to high
stakes or midstakes? All the bots that
I've ever played against were
exploitative bots. Like why why is that?
if the GTO is the best strategy. The
idea is that um GTO it it teaches you a
lot about how to realize the equity of
hands, how to build your strategy, what
sizes to use, who has to check once
again, who has to protect his check, why
it is needed, why it is not needed. You
can learn a lot from it. But if you just
try to copy it and to do the same things
that solar does in your real life games,
it will not really lead you anywhere. It
will make you a better player than you
were before for sure, but it will not
make you a great player. Yeah, people
often draw wrong conclusions from the
solutions that they see in front of
them. They also go in with the wrong
mentality, right? They want to know what
what am I supposed to do? That's already
the mentality that they go in with. And
then when they see the solution, they
think that this is okay, what I can
learn from the solution. Well, this is
how I this is how I'm supposed to play,
which is a wrong conclusion to come
from, right? We should just look at this
as a model that we can then study and we
can start to tweak and be like, okay,
well, if this is optimal play and nobody
reaches exact optimal play, then in
which people can deviate or which people
in which ways is very likely for people
to deviate and how can we take advantage
of that? Those are way more uh
functional questions to ask a solver.
Yep.
When making decisions at the poker
table,
what for you are
the most important things to take in
consideration? And what do you think is
something players assign way too much or
too little importance towards? For
example, you mentioned when battling,
you don't want to play too much tables
because you want to pay attention to
timing of your opponent. That could, for
example, be one of these things. any of
the other things that send out.
Yeah. Well, but you also should be
careful with the timing tales and not
just drive
confuse it by getting water. I remember
you said, right?
Yeah. And it's it's it's quite easy, you
know, to fool yourself. Our brains love
to fool them theirelves themselves. So,
it's easy, you know, to see some time
tell that is not confirmed and then say,
okay, this was the reason why I made
this silly three barrel expensive call
down because I thought that blah blah
blah. So you have to be very confident
about your reads and assign them a value
from one to 10. For example, never view
any single factor as like 10 out of 10
read that leads to your decision.
Usually it's like okay I have this
timing tell it could be right it could
be wrong. Let's say the accuracy is 6
out of 10 or 7 out of 10. And then I
have this read that I know the sizing
grid. Let's say the accuracy is like
five out of 10. Maybe right, maybe
wrong, not sure. And then you kind of
try to see um what decision would be the
best. Like you never know for sure.
Poker is the game when you don't see the
cards of your opponents. Well, it's
obvious. So your goal is to make as well
less mistakes uh than you've done
yesterday. So you you'll never be super
precise but you can be 1% uh more
correct and that is a very good thing on
the long run.
What I like about about your answer and
I think what a lot of players can learn
from is you didn't say anything about if
you think about what the solver takes in
consideration when making a decision
it's going to have a lot of factors that
as you think already kind of pointed out
does not really apply right because the
solver knows the strategy the solver
will get punished if you adjust your
strategy. You talked way more about the
art of figuring out what the [ __ ] your
opponent has so you can figure out what
the [ __ ] you should do, right? Which are
in my opinion the most important
question and is a sort of an art that
people have forgotten because people
just focus on yeah I have to play my
range. I have to play this strategy. I
have to I have to I have to whereas
you're more like hm what does he have
and what and what based on that
information what can I do with my hand?
Right. That sum that sums it up a little
bit better.
Well, I have to correct myself here if
this is what the way you've interpreted
my words because I like to uh give this
analogy of poker skill or poker being
like a house and GTO understanding of
how does one range interact with another
range who has the advantage not
advantage what is the SPR when do we
need to protect our check all these
things that you leave from the solver
this is the ground you know the basement
the ground base on top of which you
build your house. This is GTO like you
must know it. Without understanding
this, like if you play this game trying
to get into opponent's head and without
understanding the fundamentals, it will
not I mean it will not lead to anything
good. So you must have a deep
understanding of the GTO. But what I'm
saying is that just having a deep
understanding of GTO equals being a
theoretician without a practical, you
know, knowledge and skill without
actually going through this place. And
it will not make you a good player
because you need to apply exploits, you
need to build walls, you need to build a
roof, you need to put the solar roof to
make the best exploit and go green
energy and exploit your opponents. If
you just have your, you know, super
solid um basement base of your house, it
it's well, it's good. You will not get
blown by the wind, but it will not make
you a good player as well.
Yeah. How I like to explain it just like
there's like forces of nature that we
have to oblige with, right? There's
gravity. It's a it's a law of nature
that we have to applies with. It's the
same in poker. There's certain laws of
theory that we have to understand and we
have to play within the laws of theory
here and there, right? For example, the
forces of equity. There's just certain
setups where the equity advantage to one
player is just huge. And if you don't
respect it, you're just burning money. I
don't care which breach you have. I
don't care what kind of reason you
invent to do something different. You're
just spewing money away. But the problem
is that the equities or the equity
advantages, disadvantages, they are
really dependent on the range that we
face. And the range that we face is
really dependent on how they constructed
their range. Where people often go wrong
is they think, well, the solver does
that and therefore I do that. But they
didn't take in consideration that what's
the actual range that I'm facing because
the actual range that you're facing
determines the equities which is going
to determine what you should be doing
right and if you spend no time in trying
to figure out that based on timing based
on bet sizing etc based on information
that your opponent gives you what your
equity actually is you learned all these
things but you missed the most important
skill or at least after we agree after
the fundament has been laid is to
actually try to figure out what your
opponent has. So you can estimate what
the equity is. So you can actually come
up with the actual proper correct
decisions in this moment. Not taking in
any future considerations that oh he's
now seen you do this. So solver will
flip 100% to a different strategy that
will explode your strategy which doesn't
really happen in practice.
[music]