Kind: captions
Language: en
Yes, I was one out of 13, 1.5 million up
top. I had a spot. I was very happy
squeezing a value hand and the guy put
in a key light combo and we ended up
playing a flip for essentially the
tournament and didn't go my way. I still
had a small stack but I ended up getting
11th. Even these days, you know, I I
still think like how my career would
look differently if that flip had gone
my way and like would I be in J right
now playing the Triton or whatever.
Today we will be chatting with high
stakes entity player Casemir Siri,
better known as size 25 online. If it
wasn't for co, I probably wouldn't be a
poker player because I wouldn't have
made the initial sacrifice. What was it
about poker that fascinated you? There
is kind of no right or wrong in a spot.
You can be two completely different
persons and be good in your own uh ways.
I would rather have a lot of confidence
and even be playing some spots badly
than just, you know, lack confidence and
not being able to execute what I think
is good. I'm deep into like the
psychological aspect of online poker as
well. Timing tells, sizing, tells or or
looking looking for all the information
I can get pretty much in the hand.
What's harder, a scoop grind or a 48
hour army leadership drill? In the army
drill, you you're going to do in 48
hours, you you're kind of going to focus
in stuff. It's okay to make mistakes on
the scoop grind. If you're playing a
spot badly, you're immediately going to
get punished by one of the best in the
world. You're not allowed to make
mistakes. The current meta is still
going to be the small three bets. Like
last week in Talin, my two good friends,
Otto and T were playing a four bet, 12
big blinds effective. It's silly stuff,
you know. Got a solution for you, man.
It's called cash games. No boundaries,
no picking, you know. You never have to
do any folds, you know. We can just skip
pre flop.
Thank you guys for tuning in to what's
going to be another great episode of the
Mechanics of Poker podcast. Quick
announcement, we have seats open for our
Mechanics of Poker coaching program. If
you want to work with me and Adam and
have us help you make more progress in
your poker career, you can apply using
the link down below or go over to
mechanicsofpoker.com. Without further
ado, guys, enjoy this episode. Casemir,
you played football before you turned
professional poker player at a one of
the highest levels in Finland. Was
becoming a professional football player
a childhood dream of yours?
Yeah, I mean uh I feel like I always
been the kind of guy that when I when I
do something, I really try to uh do it
at my best level. And it was actually
pretty decent also. Um so maybe I had
potential to go professional. Uh I had
two pretty bad injuries which were at
like a pretty bad time when I was like
14 15. um which turned out to be pretty
much the end of my uh hopes I guess
because once you miss that part of the
uh career I guess then others just get
to too uh too much further from you and
uh after that not really but I mean I
would have loved to play played
professionally but I mean these days I'm
kind of happy I didn't uh chose the path
because I have a lot of friends from
that team actually who who are uh either
playing professionally or have played or
have tried it out and it's a very very
hard environment. Um especially in
Finland when you don't get so well paid
in the only league that we have and it's
hard to break to u the other leagues and
divisions. So uh uh yeah, I'm kind of
happy that I didn't go for that route
because it feels like even though you
can do everything right, it comes down
to u a lot of luck as
well. Yeah, it's actually pretty
interesting actually. I wanted to touch
on the the topic of luck. So we touched
on this a little bit sooner sooner
sooner than I actually initially uh
intended but throughout this
conversation that we had with also other
guests like obviously luck is a topic
that's often brought up when it comes to
poker and especially in the short term
you know we can all see the luck factor
but when we talk about medium and long
term there's actually quite a lot that's
actually under your control in poker
compared to for example football where
like you said you could have an injury
set you back or the coach has to like
you has to play you right. You're very
dependent on these kind of things. You
know, you peek at the right moment when
the right scout is on the bench and he's
like, "Wow, this this guy this guy looks
pretty interesting or you know may maybe
you're actually sick that day, you know,
so it can it can there there's many
factors that are out of your out of your
control." How do you see the the impact
luck has on poker mid long term?
Um, I feel like it has short term and I
I would say there's like probably the
the best players or the guys who could
have been the best players might have
actually quit before they had the first
bits of luck just due to not running
well in the beginning. And I feel like
uh if you play for a long time, you will
always have that piece of luck. But uh
sometimes in the beginning it's for sure
a factor where I feel like people are
quitting or uh um yeah decide to do
something else because they don't get
the results or uh they start doubting
theirelves too much and um yeah I think
it's a big factor and uh I was obviously
very h like very fortunate to run super
well in the start of my career which
gave the people around me um kind of a
boost I guess that I'm doing something
which is uh fine, but you know um not
everyone gets this and uh I feel like
that's uh more more important than uh
just you know binking or stuff like this
but it comes down to actually a very
pretty like deepish level where um you
kind of need the need the luck just to
show people that you're on a path of
doing something which can be okay. Yeah.
And that and that's when when for
example the people around you see that
like oh he's doing actually doing well
you might get the support which you know
when when there's a period where it
doesn't really go well at least you have
the support around you right whereas if
they say yeah I told you this wasn't
working you know you might quit so it's
like there's indeed a huge compound
effect same what you said like an injury
at at your age 14 15 if a 14 or 15 year
old has one year more progress than you
that compounds over the long term right
I think I I read this in I think it was
the talent code. I think the name of the
book was where they were they were
looking at I think it was a hockey
league in Canada where almost everyone
that was in the league was born at
either January, February or March or
something like that. And that had
something to do with at that moment that
they scout those those kids were like
one year older. And if you think about
the physical advantage you have as a
six-year-old compared to a 5-year-old
that that's pretty big. So it started
with a very very very small advantage
that they had and therefore they got
trained four times a week instead of two
times a week and that from there then
compounds. You see like the same in
poker uh that for example you already
said like a setback in the beginning
obviously if you just start to try out
poker and you go on a worse bet run for
the first three months you're like this
game is no fun I'm out. Uh do you feel
like there's a huge compound effect in
for example you know you play entities
if you make certain bings early or at
the right point of your career?
Yes for sure. Um, I mean, I actually
don't know if I would be a poker player
if it wasn't for COVID because uh um I'm
I'm such a social guy that for me, you
know, sitting five like six to seven
days a week on the computer for longer
periods and kind of skipping the social
life in a way would have felt very
tough. But uh with COVID for example, it
it it you know gave these restrictions
where you're not not able to go see your
friends and uh every restaurant closes
at 5. And I actually think if it wasn't
for co I probably wouldn't be a poker
player because I wouldn't have made the
initial sacrifice to just you know kind
of throw everything out and go fully
deep dive. And you know this is also
kind of luck that uh you know I found
the right thing in the right spot and uh
and also ran well enough to you know
show my people around me that this is uh
something that I could possibly do for a
longer period of time as well. And you
know this is I guess not just standard
luck but it's something I've thought of
and I think you know it comes down to
very small margins and uh uh that's
that's just how it is. And I think co
also not not the worst time to get into
poker. you looked at the average ROIs,
the average win rate in cash, I know I
think it went up with somewhere between
25 and 40% or so. So, in terms of also
right, the profitability and the chances
of you going in a bad run that will
basically, you know, kind of kill your
dreams early on, right, of becoming a
poker player, those chances then also uh
diminish. I do want to say that uh while
obviously you know we we can get lucky I
feel like the skill is that you're able
to play long enough to cash in on the
luck sort of right so I think like
longevity is probably the most important
skill if we think about or at least you
know what falls under the umbrella of
longevity right the habits and routines
so that the time when you get lucky that
you're still there right that that
you're still grinding because you have
to show up you have to show up to get
lucky
Yeah, exactly. You know, uh that's why I
said that I feel like, you know, some of
the better best players we could have
had, you know, they we never get to know
them because they quit too early. Um
that's my theory anyway. So you do
actually believe that there might
be like the next that the next line is
loves or I don't know actually who's
who's currently like the the go to
tournaments but like you would you would
say there is a possibility that there's
some guys that could have been better
but they just ran at like the worst
possible run in the beginning and
therefore they just went to do other
things. Yeah, for sure. Um I mean you
know you can you can never really see
anything in the first half year or year
and uh uh you you need like a longer
time to kind of start to develop and you
know find the right people to mentor you
and um you know work with the right
tools and kind of develop the right
habits and and I I I fully believe that
you know there would be someone more
talented you know uh that that didn't
break uh just because you know bad luck
in the
I want to bring it uh quickly back to uh
uh to your uh your football career. You
you mentioned you got this this serious
injury. How did you deal with that
mentally? Was it like the first big
mental setback that you had in something
that you were you were going full on
for? Obviously poker very mentally tough
as well with a lot of setbacks. You was
this like the first time you had a big
setback and how did you deal with it? Um
I think it was my second time because uh
I got a snowball in my eye when I was
also like slightly before which led to
like a pretty extensive operations to my
eye and uh was going to be you know a
lifetime uh where I needed to uh monitor
the pressures of the eye and stuff like
this. Uh so I guess that was the first
big one where you know I mean I never
really felt like okay maybe I could go
blind but you know the the worst case I
mean that can happen and uh uh I think
it was throughout a period of a month
where I pretty much had to use like the
eye drops which uh numb the eye a little
bit where you can't really see and uh so
I wasn't able to read or watch TV or do
anything which is kind of something that
you appreciate even more and I guess
that that was the first real setback and
also meant I could have played football.
Uh but yeah, I mean then also the
injuries
uh they were for sure they were for sure
big because there was like uh one one in
my foot which they said that uh uh they
would need to like open open up the
uh ankle or yeah which they don't do for
people under 18 uh unless they like
absolutely need to. So, pretty much what
they said to me was uh you're going to
have to fully rest your leg or foot and
uh if it doesn't get better, then you
need to start swimming or like doing
something um like you can't uh run or do
anything with your foot pretty much. So
that was like kind of a big hit for me
because I've always been a pretty
athletic person and uh love to do sports
and you know
uh I I didn't love swimming too much so
you know I mean I guess I would have
fried it out but uh yeah I was happy
happy that uh I I I pretty quickly
recovered from that one or I mean it
took up to a year but uh but that I was
able to recover from that one because it
wasn't a certainty for sure and Then
unfortunately like slightly after like 2
months after I recovered I got like
another injury which uh I had to proceed
surgery and then it was like uh I think
I ran the same I ran before like after a
year or so because uh it took me six 6
months for the full recovery and and
then another 6 months to like be a u not
not feel it when I'm running and and be
able to run on my full speed and like
turn as I did. So yeah, I mean that was
kind of a moment where I realized, you
know, um I don't think I can become a
professional anymore, you know. So yeah,
it was a setback, but u you know, I was
never super super down about it, I
guess, because I was kind of just happy
that I was still able to play football
because that's what I loved. and uh and
uh it it was never you know uh the
priority to to um to be the uh playing
it for a profession. Um it it was just
doing doing something I I enjoy and uh I
I love to play and love to compete and
you know I I didn't uh skip on that you
know even though I wasn't the same as I
was before.
So the kind of the the the childhood
dream of becoming the next uh I was
actually thinking about Finnish football
player. The only one that I that comes
to mind is Yar Leman. Maybe for your
before your generation he's like the
legend probably right in Finland. Yeah.
Yeah. I would say he's he's he's the
biggest legend. Yeah. There's no no one
that really comes close to him. Also
also I believe quite injury prone as
well, right? if I recall I'm I'm judg
right and he played for a very long time
in A probably where he played his best
football I think afterwards he went to
Liverpool yeah I think uh yeah probably
I know Hoopia was in Liverpool at least
but I'm not sure about Litman I'm not
super familiar with his career I knew he
played for Ajax a long time I mean we we
have we have a little age gap going on
here right so when I was younger that's
when he was like uh at his peak so when
did the poker first started to uh draw
your attention. you so you know I see
you were 14 15 you cover 16 I think you
started playing poker right 17 18 co
what four years ago so yeah it was like
u high school first and second grade I
think when we started to play like uh
home games completely basic poker you
know
$5 five sit and go uh where you just you
know I don't think the blinds were going
up ever and you know completely basic
stuff but that was kind of the just, you
know, um enjoyment of poker. Seeing how
quickly, you know, six five to six hours
can go and how nice it was to, you know,
um get up your stack and don't have to
reby and and, you know, be in that three
left or whatever, you know, uh having
fun with your friends. Yeah, it was just
a great time. Um so that that was kind
of the first touches into poker. Um then
I uh found uh Twitch streams where they
were streaming like online poker on uh
poker stars and uh I was playing uh some
play money games. I started to play, you
know, I felt like I was playing the same
games as the streamers. This was kind of
like after our home games kind of died
out. I was pretty much the only one of
us who continued to play. Um and then
progressively started to play more and
and yeah at some point started to study
and yeah now we're here. So if uh y
leader could have been an example for
you in football was like an example for
you in poker that you could kind of role
model right like okay this is actually
something that you can do for a living
and I can actually be become very
successful at you mentioned like the
Twitch streams was there anyone in
particular that sends out that gave you
like sort of a a road map of like oh
actually I this is kind of a good path
for me to take yeah so I remember
watching uh I think it was Braggy's
streams and Finton streams u uh they
were doing like I think at least Reggie
was doing a bankroll challenge uh at
that point. So, uh it was it was like
kind of more than just playing
tournaments, but there was also like the
the journey and the path to follow. you
know, someday he had uh 2K and someday
he just, you know, ran deep in a
tournament and cashed for 4K and had 6K
and was able to play bigger buyins and
you know this u kind of a normal path
but uh this was something totally new
for me and uh you know it was kind of
like a Netflix series that you're
watching because there was like a story
line behind it and I think the
production was really good in that. So,
uh, it it was like really nice to follow
because, you know, every day I came home
from school, I I I knew what his or I I
looked what his bank roll was and how
he's doing and and uh that kind of
aspired me to um also start to on the
same path and uh like start kind of with
a bankroll builder, however you want to
call it. So you saw the kind of as like
a challenge because like you said right
you played home games and at some point
the majority of your friends were like
ah you know this poker thing was fun but
you but but you remain interested. What
was it about poker that fascinated you?
It's a good question. I've never really
thought of it. I guess there is just
like it goes in so many levels and uh
there is kind of no right or wrong in
the spot. Um and it's it it can be very
intuit uh intuitive and uh can be very
psychological and uh also very
theoretical like you can be two
completely different persons and be good
in your own uh ways and uh uh yeah it's
it's it's kind of I don't I don't know
if there is like a certain thing that uh
blew my mind but I guess the ability or
or like the open open mindness of it. Uh
there's just kind of a lot of ways to
approach the game and uh and one way
doesn't have to be better or worse than
the other. What made you see like the
depth of the game? For example, when I
started to play with my friends and
probably a lot of your friends felt the
same, right? It's there's like a lot of
luck involved. I have good cards, but
what made you see, you know, like what
attracted you to the game? There's a lot
of more deeper things. What made you see
the depth of the game?
I think it was just like playing so
much. Um I I think I'm pretty decent at
like finding patterns and getting sense
of things and uh I kind of when I was
playing so much I started to you know
sense the spots where people are kind of
doing this and where people are doing
the others other thing and and um this
was kind of like I guess for me you know
really nice like uh I'm for sure punted
off so many stacks you know
experimenting things but you know once
you experiment you know you get better
and you start to see the things that uh
work and the stuff which doesn't and it
gives you kind of the freedom and uh the
fun into it. You know, you you don't
have to feel bad about doing something
uh wrong. Uh you just have to do it
better next time and realize what's
working and what's what's not.
What are some of the most punty things
you you were doing? What what were some
of the most punty things that you were
doing? Um I don't know. like uh just you
know completely blasting off some spot
and or you know calling with eighth pair
or you know there is there is like I
don't have a good example but I'm sure
like people have seen hands of me which
are not great and you know I'm I'm open
to it you know everybody makes mistakes
and plays hands badly you know otherwise
we wouldn't be human so yeah like the
way the way you you the way you like to
approach poker nowadays like you said a
lot of like trial and error try things
out, you know, not not not be afraid to
make mistakes, just go for it. I wish I
kind of did uh more even more like try,
but I feel like I've played so many
hours already now that, you know,
uh I feel like most of the stupidity is
kind of fell off. But I mean I still do
stuff that is not great and then uh but
often the stuff I do kind of start
starts to work because you know you have
so many hours these days that you know
you kind of have a sense for what's
working and what's not. So uh I guess
something that you could have considered
stupid 5 years ago might not be stupid
these days. I'm I'm I feel like I'm a
lot more
uh kind of or how how do I say I'm uh
more open to myself trying out stuff and
I'm just kind of not afraid to do
something if I feel it's correct and you
know there might be a hand which someone
else thinks I've played badly or
whatever but uh I I've kind of the
theory with that um uh if if someone
would ask me about the hand I would
always have a reason for why I've done
it and it might not be a correct reason
but it's the reason of why I've done it.
And I feel like this is the case with
almost every player, you know, uh if you
look at a hand history black and white,
it might look super super bounty, but
you know, there is a reason why people
are where they are. And uh there might
be deeper levels into why someone has
done something. And uh I feel like it's
always try nice to try to see what the
other person is thinking and why he's
done certain things. Yeah. Yeah. And
especially always from the outside
looking in. Like you said, if you just
look at the black and white hand
history, you don't know what has been
going on intuitively. You don't have the
history. You don't have you're not in
the situation itself, right? We can you
look at the hand history purely from a
rational perspective, but you're there.
You have a certain intuition come up.
You have a certain view about the
situation mixed with like the
rationality that we can also project,
right? Looking afterwards, but we don't
know what was going on in that moment,
right? Like that's sometimes where you
can make pretty big deviations. You
mentioned that you started kind of your
own bankroll challenge. What were your
expectations? Were you like, "Okay, I'm
gonna I'm gonna be pro." Or did you see
it more as like no a little challenge
video game type of thing? Yeah, it it
was just like, you know, it was
something I enjoyed. I I I never thought
I would make money with poker. Um but uh
I I just love to do it. I think I
started with like 20 20 euros and
something and like 11 cent games and you
know someday I had 19 someday I had 23
and then you know gradually moving up
and uh I was just enjoying playing you
know the stakes didn't matter for me but
I enjoyed running deep in a tournament
or you know making the straight flush or
my first royal or you know stuff like
this you know the completely basic stuff
I really enjoyed uh you know um
satelliting into a 4o tournament and
then one tableabling it for, you know, a
long time and getting a bounty for €1,
all this kind of stuff. Huge for the
bank rolls like challenger and uh yeah,
I just enjoyed the ride and I feel like
that's what you kind of need if you want
to succeed in poker because the
emotional swings are so large that uh uh
if you truly don't love or if you truly
don't love the game then um uh the worst
periods are kind of going to break you.
I feel like
do you still apply this kind of let's
call it gamification of poker up until
today? Like do you still build little
bankroll challenges for yourself or
goals like that? Especially maybe in
periods where you're maybe a little bit
less motivated. Uh not really
unfortunately. Um, I guess it's more of
just like uh try to get better and uh
kind of just boring study and play play
the play the games and uh you know um
still try to improve every day. Uh but
but no, maybe I should think of
something but uh I haven't really
anymore. Poker is uh obviously very very
complex. So you did seem to see the
depth of the game right straight away
from the beginning. You also mentioned
that you like to try hard things. What
makes you like to do hard things? What
makes you like to compete where a lot of
other people they're like, "Oh, this is
this is too hard. I'm out." You know
that people usually like to look for
shortcuts, the easy road. What makes you
like to do hard things?
Uh it's a good question. I think um I
think you just you just feel so good if
you succeed with something and uh you
know if you put your mind into something
you have a pretty good chance uh chance
at doing so. So uh I feel like it just
comes down to your own uh like how you
approach things and and uh believing in
yourself and and we can often do a lot
more than we think. So uh I think I even
should uh push myself more of uh very
often. like I I still don't think I in
certain areas do it enough, but uh you
know, we can all improve. Uh so yeah,
you're an MT player, which I would say
is uh arguably one of the more harder
forms of poker you can choose to play.
Was this a conscious choice for you to
play MTTS? And if so, what attracted you
to MTS specifically instead of, let's
say, for example, cash games? Yeah, I
mean uh it was always going to be
entities or something because I feel
like cash games are more of kind of
a more theory theory based and involve a
lot more studying and you can kind of
get complete because you play the exact
same stack size, you know, uh you think
of stuff in buyins. you're never really
I mean you're going to have big days and
you're going to have uh losing days and
stuff but but I I what I really enjoyed
about tournaments was the kind of the
journey of how a tournament starts and
once it reaches you know close to the
money and once it reaches the money once
it reaches the final table this kind of
stuff and uh adrenaline if you can call
it that I don't think you can get it in
cash games so for me it was just a
pretty natural choice where you know you
you got the spark of
of uh running deep and uh yeah that's
what got me to play tournaments.
You like the story behind it, right?
Especially if you if you like to watch
Twitch streams like Twitch as well
entity is just way easier to market,
right? Or pick up top and there's a lot
of excitement like you said, you know,
you tune in, it's it's exciting where
game is bit more boring. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. You we mentioned in the you
mentioned in the beginning we talked
about it uh that results help in terms
of convincing your environment that this
is a good idea and then you know your
environment will support you more which
helps you sustain down swings. When did
you first have
your big score or like your first big
success where you could show to your
environment like hey this is a great
choice and I'm going to become a
professional poker player. So it was um
it was like the the same co year. Um so
I finished high school I think it was in
around April or
uh April or May or something like this.
And uh pretty much like that year I was
kind of uh already playing um like most
of most of my other friends were uh kind
of studying for the finals but I had I
had struggles with Swedish. Um, so I
speak Swedish, both Swedish and Finnish.
And I went to school in Swedish, but
Swedish, like the writing part, uh, was
was so hard to me to a level where I
knew I pretty much wouldn't get in with
my papers to the university that that I
wanted. So, I would need to go and do
the tests to get in anyways. So, uh, my
only objective for high school at that
moment was to graduate, which I kind of
felt like I wouldn't have any issues
even if I didn't read for the finals. So
while my friends were reading for that,
I was just pretty much playing poker and
uh um yeah, it was I ended up graduating
as well. Uh but uh yeah, I was playing
poker that year and then after I got
done, it was the COVID year. So um start
of 21, I would was going to go to
military. So I had like a half a year of
a period where I pretty much didn't have
any obligations. So I was just playing
poker. And around that time, it's
actually pretty fun story. Uh, poker
stars made like a pretty big mistake.
They they had a satellite which had 20
seats to 1k which was going to be a 109.
Uh, but they made it a $11 buy in. So, I
I had a 30 ABI or 40 ABI or something
like this. At the moment, I've played
one 500 tournament previously and uh uh
I hopped into the $11 satellite and won
like a flip final 23 and got the seat
and it ended up overlaying like 16 or 17
seats, which was like I mean, yeah, it's
a big mistake for them, but you know, I
was happy to get into the 1K and then uh
you know, I'm a 30 $40 ABI player and I
get into a 1K, which is my first and I
obviously want to try to sell some
action. So, I hit up my friend who I've
known for a long time and was like, "Yo,
you want to buy some?" And then he was
like, "Yeah, I'll get I'll take a small
sweat. I'm sure others want to buy as
well." And I was like, "Okay." And then
secondhand, I'm playing that tournament.
I get him to spot. We were still playing
like 100 pigs effective where um I
needed to hero call my my entire stack
and uh I knew it was a good spot and you
know uh I wasn't just going to fall
because it was a big 1k and I hero
called and the guy was over bluffing and
uh I ended up having a 2x stack and way
too much of myself in a tournament I
shouldn't even be playing and uh then I
yeah I I I ran deep and ended up uh
dropping it. uh for 62k which was like a
massive on my bankroll at that time and
and uh yeah at that moment my parents
also my parents and brothers were
watching it from downstairs since Poker
Star were doing kind of a coverage
stream on this one. So they were 30
minute late but they were watching it
from downstairs. And uh still remember
it was uh really fun because when I made
the FD I was like eight out of nine or
uh nine out of nine with the short stack
and pretty quickly run it up and was
like chip leader and was I still
remember it. I was so in the zone. Uh I
made kind of a notepad for my buying uh
you know because I always keep my uh
kind of the lobby open so I can see the
buy uh the price money. Uh but I I made
kind of a notepad for this one. So uh
when the win was like 65k, I made a
notepad where it said the win was 6,500.
So uh I kind of had like the smaller
scale of the payout structure next to me
and and you know I was never thinking
even about the money in that moment. I
just wanted to win really badly and uh
remember like I was really happy with
how I played. I was completely playing
my normal game and uh and yeah, that was
kind of the first moment where you know
uh I got something uh really big and
really a kind of a fortunate
experience. You mentioned that despite
your being, you know, you had way too
big of a piece yourself, you're playing
completely out of your bankroll, the
highest thing you ever played, you still
managed to pull off that hero call. You
managed to play your agame. Is this a
skill that you think you have that you
possess even up until today that you
know you're just able to perform well
despite the financial pressure?
Obviously you know throughout your
career you started to play for more and
more money. Uh do you do you still
possess this this quality? Yeah. Yeah, I
would say so. Um you know because I I I
just I kind of have different goals if
that makes sense in poker. like I I
really want to one day uh be the best.
That's still my goal this day. Like it's
obviously very hard in a game where
especially at this level, it comes down
to a few big scores and few good runs in
big tournaments. But uh I mean my my
goal is still one day to you know feel
like
um I'm kind of not complete at it but
you know I'm there and feel maybe that
requires me to you know run good and
being something. I don't know. It's
really hard to justify what it comes to,
but my goal is still to, you know,
continue to try to work as hard as
possible. Um, I mean, these days I'm
also uh trying to have a healthy and
balanced lifestyle more than what I was.
And uh it's something I value value a
lot more. You know, the freedom which
poker gives you. Um I think you should
uh kind of take a take aware and still
try to enjoy your life and uh see your
friends and family and uh uh it's a
priority priority for me also which has
come come quickly. So it's kind of well
I still try to become as good as
possible. So
yeah. What do you think is still
missing? You said uh that you're trying
trying to become the best. I think in
the MT world you're definitely already
considered a very strong player. What do
you think is still missing? Is it like a
couple of big scores that you can say
okay well you know now I've had these
big scores but in the same time you know
the big scores there's also again some
luck involved. So it's obviously always
very hard to objectively say who's the
best. For example in in cash games we
recently had like a world world
championship where the guys they battled
it out for like a month month and a half
and even there you could still say yeah
you know it's the form at this moment.
some people couldn't show up. You know
what h how do you think is the best way
to measure it and what is still missing
uh for you? So I think I always have two
parts of myself. I have the brain and
then I have the heart and the heart is
for sure saying that you know I need a
few big scores. Uh that's that's kind of
the the one thing that you know if that
would happen then I would kind of feel
like okay you know maybe maybe this was
it. But then the brain is like, you
know, maybe maybe we're somewhere close
there and maybe, you know, it's never
going to we're never going to really be
there or we're never going to know if
we're there. But, uh, it's also
something that, you know, if you kind of
feel like you have this goal, then
you're going to keep pushing as hard as
possible. And maybe it's better to, uh,
actually not reach it ever, you know.
Um, maybe it's just, uh, better to have
as a motivator to
go, you know. Uh I know that uh when you
go on these big hitters and especially
at this stage you know it will for sure
lead to a burnout and uh many months you
know maybe you don't even want to play
poker anymore and and
um you know u I don't know it's it's
very very kind of hard question uh
because yeah I I don't think there is a
right or wrong but uh um it just I I
guess like it it's it's a pretty pretty
nice goal to have because as long as you
never reach it, you're just going to
keep pushing yourself as hard as
possible and uh continue to improve uh
every day um in a way where you feel
like you know you have to be a little
bit better than the others.
I feel like a big goal like like you
said it doesn't really matter if you
reach it or not but at least if you set
a that big goal you're going to try to
think okay well what what what should I
do to try to reach that big goal right
you're going to it raises the necessity
it raises your creative thinking if you
think okay I want to be profitable in
poker well you're already profitable in
poker so then you're just going to lay
back because you know you've reached
your goal but it's like oh wait I'm
profitable in poker but I can become
even better right I I want to become the
best and how do I do that so you start
to dig deeper into yourself and then you
will usually see uh that you're capable
of of way more than you initially
thought before you set a big goal like
that. Now, obviously, you know, becoming
the best. Again, it's not it's not an
easy thing, but you like to do hard
things. And speaking of hard things, you
mentioned uh military service. As a
Finnish person, you have an obligation
for military
service. Where in your poker career were
you when you had to start military
service? And how did you combine the
two? So uh I this was actually like uh
the the yeah the year after co COVID
year. So um I was pretty much right
after the 1K. I mean funnily enough even
before I went to the military I also had
a u a really big score in 500. Uh uh so
I kind of got those two which kind of
boosted myself uh a lot more into going
to the military and kind of knew that
when I got back from there I I would
have a chance of trying out poker you
know with the support uh uh but yeah I
mean uh I got a lot of questions and a
lot of people told me that you know u uh
this is a really bad time to go because
you're really breaking now and uh you
know it's not going to work out for you
and you should just keep doing this and
um but I don't Oh, for me it was kind of
more of a thing that I wasn't like all
of my friends were going and you know my
dad has been and everyone everyone
else's dads have been and you know it's
a thing that we do as fins and um it's
it's it's how we're able to you know uh
uh stay kind of protected with the big
neighbor that we have uh and uh still
having one of the strongest militaries
even with our small population. So uh
you know it felt like more of a
mandatory obligation you know I I would
I would have felt badly for myself if I
didn't go and uh I was happy to go and
it was also a moment for me to
uh get get more healthy again and get
back into the the healthier lifestyle
because uh the year before when I was
just playing playing I was ordering food
twice a day and not really sporting at
all. So I got into for sure the worst
shape of my life which I've ever been.
So uh the military also you know gave me
opportunity to eat healthy and work out
every day and uh do this. So uh it for
sure gave me qualities that I'm happy
happy that I did and uh and I'm also uh
yeah happy happy that I
went. What's harder, surviving a a scoop
grind or a 48 hour army leadership
drill? Uh, scoop grind. Scoop grind is
tougher.
Yeah, 48 hours you're going to be done
with it. But, you know, you have to uh
scoop grind is hard because you have uh
a month and and you're going to play a
lot of tables. You for sure somewhere at
the third or third week or so, you're
going to start to play bad.
And uh how do you like uh how do you
know which days you should take off and
uh how are you going to like it takes so
much stuff that's like mental um in the
army drill you going to do in 48 hours
you're kind of going to focus in stuff.
It's okay to make mistakes but but you
know on the scoop grind if you're
playing a spot badly you're immediately
going to get punished by one of the best
in the world. So, you know, uh you're
you're not allowed to make mistakes. Uh
and you you're you need to be as
prepared as possible. And it's also like
uh Yeah. Yeah. I I I would say scoop
grand for sure. I mean, obviously the
army does push you both physically and
mentally. Do you think your experience
of this year in the army did help you
become more resilient? I guess do you
think it helped you as a poker player?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I I felt
like I've kind of always had it as a
decent quality of myself, but I I still
feel like it it showed me that uh it
showed me that I have it and have it in
me. And um and it it gives you kind of a
it gives you Yeah, it gave me a lot uh
mentally and physically uh to be able to
kind of battle through the hard periods
and uh know that there is a going to be
a better better day
coming. What was the hardest uh the
hardest moment in your one year in the
in the military? Uh it was for sure like
these trainings where where you were in
the forest for like intensive periods. I
mean, I remember like the even during
the first month you're in, you got
you're uh going to be like 5 days in the
forest and it's going to be like minus
30 and you know, you you can't go uh
inside to take a [ __ ] you know, and and
all all like the basic stuff is is gone.
you know, you don't have happiness uh
really like you need to find happiness
from uh the meal that's served in uh you
know, uh I don't know how to say it in
English, but like the can and stuff, you
know, they bring you food in like the
big cans and you need to find happiness
in that and happiness from friends and
you need to start try to, you know,
uh uh yeah, find the h happiness in the
very kind of uncomfortable situations.
So, uh, uh, it's still like those those
periods when you're kind of in the
forest, you know, and have nothing or
need to be awake, you sleep 2 hours and
you're in extreme conditions. Uh, it
it's those when you when you're kind of
pushing yourself to the to the very very
very limit when everything feels so
disgusting and dark and then you still
need to try to find the energy to push
yourself forward.
How do you find that energy in the dark
and how do you remain happy during a
scoop grind that doesn't go your way?
Scoop grind. Uh, good question. Um, I
think like the best part is support from
around and already when you go into the
grind, you know, you you you need to
understand that you can play as good as
possible and uh still lose or still win
big, you know.
Um there is never going to be a
certainty of of you know uh a
preparation being good enough to where
you're just always going to win or
always going to lose or uh it just comes
down to a lot of very small margins. So,
uh, yeah, I think it's, uh, I think it's
important to to kind of work on the
preparation and just more so be happy
with, yeah, be happy with the
preparation, I guess. Uh, that that you
can feel like you wouldn't have done
anything before or during um, at any any
point like differently. So, and and then
I guess when time comes, you know, you
need to start to learn uh to listen to
your body and mind and when you're going
to be fatigued and uh learn to take the
days off and you know, um not force
yourself to play and and this is quality
that comes with time as well and u
something that I'm trying to work on
still like it's very hard to understand
uh for example if you've slept a little
bit badly and uh uh that are going to be
ready for a 13 hour session or whatever.
I was going to say you probably have
quite a lot of uh scoops or similar
series under your
belt. When did you learn that that this
was the the right way to approach it? Uh
I don't think I've even learned it yet.
Uh, you know, I've done a lot of
different things and tried different
stuff out out and had a lot of different
results and you know, some some
sometimes you you feel like you're
playing good and then after the the
scoop you look at your own stats and you
see like you've done something
completely silly like all the time and
you know uh it's very hard to be kind of
rational in that moment and kind of the
I feel like the serious grind just kind
of uh gets to you at some point like
you're kind of so in the zone that
you're just kind of doing what you think
is good. And then yeah, I I think it's
important for sure when you go into a
grind to at least have confidence. Uh I
would say that's that's the most
important part. Like I would rather have
a lot of confidence and even be playing
some spots badly than just, you know,
lack confidence and not being able to
execute what I think is good. How do you
cultivate confidence? I I think um
playing uh playing a lot and then
studying. Those are the two easiest ways
to um kind of improve the confidence.
Like when you play a lot, you start to
get feel for things and uh that is going
to be confidence of being able to
execute. And then when you study, you
you see what are theoretical out out uh
outputs and uh you're going to be more
prone to executing well in game because
you know that like it's the best feeling
ever when you've looked at a spot and
you actually know how it's supposed to
play and then it's you you're operating
in that sense. So with so much
confidence because very often times
you're going to be um better
theoretically in this spot than your
opponent. And uh then once you see your
opponent make mistakes, you can deviate
hardly from that and um you know that
okay he should be using distance this
size. Is there a like is there a
theoretical exploit that he's trying to
do or is there an exploit why he's
trying to check race me for a smaller
sizing or is he just misplaying the spot
and what kind of range do I need to
defend and all this kind of stuff you
know
uh kind of information gives you
confidence I would say.
Yeah, it sounds like the the knowing
aspect, right? If you if you understand
the game better, that gives you
confidence, but also the proven aspect,
right? You said grind a lot, gain
experience. Maybe also where you said
earlier, I like that like you have the
brain, which is like the knowledge, and
then you have the heart, which is the
experience, right? That you can trust
yourself because you've puted it in
practice. And actually, one point that I
would like to add and then I'm very
curious for Adam's takeaway on this as
well. uh you you mentioned like aligning
the expectations and sort of like a
level of acceptance right there's some
empathy in there as well that you're
going to screw up you know the grind is
hard you're going to make mistakes and I
feel like that's a very vital part to
stay confident because you can go in
confident but if you know things don't
go your way or the scoop is a bit more
brutal you can maintain that confidence
by having align by having prepared in
the correct way right before that that
you aligned your expectations you're
going to screw up it's going to be hard
Adam What's your what's your take on
this? I'm sure you have a lot of
experience talking with players about
this problems. Uh we already touched on
a couple things. Anything you would like
to add? Yeah, I think expectations are
an important one, especially for MTT
grinders. You guys have the excitement
of potentially life-changing money on
the line. And it's very easy for that
excitement to get carried away and also
for your hopes to get dashed. One minute
you're chip leader, next minute you're
bust out. And dealing with that kind of
roller coaster on a kind of moment by
moment level is not always easy. So I
think the best players are able to reset
expectations in real time or not have
too high expectations to begin with and
focus more on performance than the
outcomes they're trying to get, which
again very easy to say, but in the midst
of a deep run, it can easy get carried
away in terms of yeah, getting too
excited and then you're going to come
crashing down most likely when you're
losing big pots or your expectations
aren't getting met.
Big shout out to our sponsors. First
off, Coin Poker. Coin Poker is one of
the fastest growing poker rooms in the
world right now. In a world where sites
seem to care less and less about the
players, Coin Poker is showing good
promise. Listening to the community and
provide a safe and sustainable playing
environment going forward. Join the
action and get 33% rake back and 150%
deposit bonus using code TM OP or
register using the link in the
description down below. Next up, GTO
Wizard. If you're looking to level up
your poker game, let me tell you about
GTO Wizard. It's got everything you need
to improve, whether you're just starting
out or already crushing it. You've got
tools like the hand history analyzer,
GTO trainer, and even custom drills to
help you sharpen your skills and make
smarter plays. It's what so many guests
that we have had on use to dominate cash
games and tournaments. Get started for
free and get 10% off your first purchase
using the link down below,
gizard.com/mechanics. If you sign up,
you also get access to the weekly
coaching webinars where you can learn
from me and other great coaches. So
looking forward to educating you guys
over there. But without further ado,
let's continue chatting with
Casemir. So you mentioned you're coming
out of the army. So I want to piece
together this kind of career path for
you and you were already having success
in poker prior to that. When you came
out the army, did you go straight into
being a full-time poker player? And if
you did, what was that transition like?
Uh yes. So uh pretty much after I came
from the army, that was going to be my
plan. and I was still living with my
parents. Um, but I I can't remember if
it was actually
like pretty soon in the during the like
next month when I came from the army
where I moved on my own or not. It might
have been a year or it might have been
that. I I can't fully recall. But
anyhow, um yeah, my plan was just to,
you know, play as much as possible. So,
I mean, I was putting in crazy stupid
hours at this time, like six to seven
days a week. Um, pretty much whenever I
was home, I never had an off day. I was
just always on my computer and pretty
much always playing as well. Like I was
never really the biggest solver guy. Um,
I just enjoyed playing booker. Like that
was something that was close to my
heart. And um I kind of feel like I get
uh a good sense of what's happening once
I play a lot. So I feel like my greatest
strength is also these days when I'm
just been grinding a lot and uh start to
get feel for things and
uh so uh yeah I mean um the only thing
that kind of changed was I I was trying
to be more healthy and work out and uh
eat better uh when once I came from the
army because I realized that there is
not going to be another army or not
another like now it's up to me and uh I
need to do it properly this time and uh
yeah I think I've succeeded. as well as
possible up until this point at least.
Uh but I feel like it's something that
I'm always going to prioritize. Uh
especially knowing how I felt like right
before I went to the army and how much
better I felt when I got off the army.
So um yeah, I I kind of uh yeah, I would
say um kind of just hopped straight into
the grind, but tried to do it the right
way.
You mentioned you weren't in great shape
or health going into the army and you
came out of it understanding your health
and fitness a lot better. I'm curious to
know what the specific training looks
like in the army. From the outside
looking in, it looks like a lot of
physical drills. Is there some sort of
education you get in how to eat, how to
look after your body, and what are the
main kind of takeaways that have stuck
with you from your military training to
your your life after? So um I mean I I
don't think we really get much education
about it at least if I'm thinking but I
mean the the greatest things is like
they have uh people who look after the
nutrition. So you're eating I think it's
four times a day uh and you're eating
food which is where very healthy and has
the right uh uh nutrients um like right
amount of protein and stuff. Uh so
you're going to be eating very very
healthy food and uh and then you're also
going to be training like one or two
times a day. So I mean those are the
basic two things for a healthy lifestyle
in my opinion like good food like good
healthy food and uh training. So uh um I
don't think it's much more rocket
science unless you want to like dive
into a very deeper level. And for me,
like I guess at this point of life, I
don't think fitness or sport is ever
going to be like onto that deeper level,
but I'm always going to try to be a
little bit uh more healthy than the
average person. And uh just going to try
to have it on a good average level where
I can consider myself, you know,
healthy. And uh that's something I'm
valuing more than, you know, knowing
what my body fat is or not being able to
eat this or this because I'm on this
this diet. But uh kind of just having
the very basic stuff uh under control.
Yeah, it's always training for purpose.
So you're always trying to figure out
what am I trying to train for. Training
for the military is very different to
training to play online poker. But
there's definitely a lot of carryovers
in terms of what healthy looks like, how
to eat the right foods, what you need to
do for your body to make sure you're
feeling energized and good health, not
putting on weight and having the right
kind of physique for what you're doing.
Uh for you, is anything that you do on a
regular basis that you learn from the
military? any sort of training for your
body or any food practices that could be
interesting for the audience?
It's a good question. I actually
wouldn't say there is almost anything
because I mean I might have tried some
stuff uh during the path but these days
I've kind of found out a way which works
for me pretty well which is that I'm on
a pretty uh low calorie diet I would say
during the time when I'm grinding. So I
eat breakfast and then I eat one warm
meal uh during my grind and then I eat
uh kind of a something before bed u
after. So I mean I eat pretty low
calorie diet when I'm grinding and then
uh I'm kind of I guess not having [ __ ]
meals but I'm able to eat whatever I
want during the days I don't play. And
uh for me it's a working concept at
least. Uh I I don't really track my
calories. I don't know how much I should
eat or shouldn't eat, but this at least
feels like um it's working for me. And
uh yeah, I mean, whenever I'm eating
during a session, my only objective
really is to just get energy to my body
so I can push through the grind. And uh
I prefer like pretty much anything
simple about healthy food. And like
yeah,
one thing I see as a challenge you might
have went through is coming from the
structured military experience to being
let's call it unstructured in an online
grinding. If we could look at the
extremes of life, one would be the
military and one would be sat at your
computer doing what you want. How did
you start to create your own structure,
your own discipline around your online
grind? And was there any challenges with
that? For sure a lot of challenges. Um,
I mean I would say like the first
challenge was once I started to know
that, you know, maybe grinding six to
seven days a week isn't really the
smartest thing. like uh it's healthy to
have a day off here and there and uh uh
kind of something I still struggle with
is you know having a normal day off like
um because I I've never kind of had
these days off and then especially
during the hours I'm working and uh the
hours I'm living in Finland you know
most of my friends are having their own
lives uh during the uh the weekdays and
this means that uh this means that you
know uh with my rhythm mostly when I
wake up or I would be ready to do
something, you know, they're starting to
um go to bed and preparing for the next
day. So, um there is for sure a lot of
struggles and stuff I'm still figuring
out. But uh you know um there there
there's always uh ways like now for
example uh later this week I'm going to
Canada where I'm going to be able to
grind uh when I wake up in the morning
and going to have time after my session
and uh I'm going to I I used to love the
fact that uh I wake up in the morning
and uh kind of start to even though you
slept not so great you you would get
more more and more energy uh when the
grind progresses which I feel like is
natural kind of in that sense when uh
you're living the normal hours but um
when you when you live this kind of hour
then uh um you know if you sleep badly
and you're not fully doing everything in
your uh way of kind of preparing for the
session then you can just three or four
hours into the session start to feel
like fatty good and uh not being able to
think clearly start to get more
frustrated all this kind of stuff so
yeah I mean it's still a learning
experience and uh something I I I tried
to do better, but uh I mean I'm I'm
learning. I'm learning. So for you, what
have you found to be most effective? I
speak with a lot of poker players who
are in the same situation as you
struggle to take time off and days off.
They know it's good for them, but the
thought of having a day off poker feels
so boring and what would I do? Before
they know it, they're doing a big study
session or they're back back grinding or
they'll have a few days off and feel the
torture of doing nothing and soon think
it's not good for them. So for you,
what's worked best in terms of how often
you think about taking days off and then
some things you do to utilize that time
like maybe socializing or finding ways
to spend that time in in good ways for
you. So I mean for me like the 100% best
thing is to not be near my computer
because then I'm not able to play. So
you know uh going on a short holiday or
you know going to French cottage and and
and and completely do something from out
of the norm. And I feel like after
always when I come back from this, like
I'm so kind of into the grind and I'm so
excited to play and I'm so kind of
focused and I'm so recharged that I
always end up having the best results
always after as well. Uh but I
mean completely here in the my normal
rhythm I I don't really know what would
be the best. like I still struggle to
having complete off days, you know, even
if I'm going on a hockey match or going
to eat dinner with my parents. Uh I
often end up coming home and seeing,
okay, there's this tournament I can play
still and you know, do something when I
when I come home because uh as I said
like people end their days at uh 10 or
maybe latest 11 and you know, I'm going
to bed at 5. So I still have a lot more
time and I'm not just going to watch the
series for 5 hours, you know, it feels
so boring. So I mean maybe maybe from
time to time that but there is still
something that I need to do to get my
time going and it's something I enjoy.
So yeah, maybe maybe the right solution
is to not live in Finland. But uh yeah,
we will have to see how I how I do with
that.
Have you had any big burnout moments
where you've maybe pushed it too far,
didn't listen to warning signs and kind
of made yourself grind too much? Yeah.
Um I I don't think I've had like a
proper burnout, but I've for sure been
very close. Um I would say I was pretty
close also like a month ago or so, like
few weeks ago. I was just pretty much
grinding through the whole winter. Um I
mean I had a decent downswing like the
year be year before and I had some
really good results uh during that
period. So uh I it it I got something in
in return. But but that was kind of the
moment I realized that I will never
grind three four months in Finland in a
row again like during the darkest period
because uh yeah it's just like you're
you're completely focused on the playing
and you don't see almost any sunlight
and uh you don't have a big social life.
I mean you you have like you you get to
see your friends and family maybe once a
week but but you're really focusing on
the grinding. You're not going to drink.
You're not doing any any kind of stuff.
So, so, uh, yeah, I mean,
um, uh, it it's it's it's very hard to
to kind of say the say the stuff in
terms of that, but yeah. Well, yeah, it
sounds like you've done a good job of
avoiding any big burnouts, but you've
had the warning signs. And I think
balance is such a a hard topic to talk
about and it's very boring concept for
most people. But it's finding that kind
of sweet spot for yourself where you can
push yourself hard but also recover from
it and then listening out for those
warning signs where you're pushing
things too hard for the wrong reasons.
Not listening to those yeah signs that
you should take a break, have a day off
and we all have those moments where we
make ourselves do stuff. Other people
will be on the opposite end of the
spectrum where they can't work hard
enough to need days off. But you're just
from the conversation I knew you were
more on the side of somebody who pushes
things. But I think for yourself, you've
obviously found something that works
because you were you haven't had any
major burnouts. So for you after you
started back full-time or you came out
the army full-time, let's go through
your career path. I think this is 2022
and you had a pretty quick rise to
playing high stakes from there. Tell me
through like those early days of playing
full-time. What were your goals and
expectations? You already had a good
bankroll after some big banks. Were you
thinking you're going to be taking over
in the world or how are you approaching
this part of your career? What was the
the main kind of steps for you?
Um, it's a good question, but I I
remember like even though my bankroll
increased drastically during those first
few times, I remember my transition of
like increasing my ABI was still very
very like um gradual and kind of uh
small uh during the steps. I guess I was
still in a way in my bankroll challenge.
So, um I mean once I started to get
results in the bigger games, then I
started to add more some of the bigger
stuff and but I don't remember like when
was the first time I started to play all
of the very very high stuff. I guess uh
I guess it just comes like you need to
try out uh try out a little bit like
sometimes you're going to shut take this
and sometimes sometimes you're not going
to. But I don't remember like any big
goals I set for myself. I guess it was
more so just improve and play and uh and
yeah it was uh I guess like no yeah I I
don't recall any any big goals I set for
myself actually
you was living and breathing and getting
better and it's interesting actually
because yeah we've had a few guests of
this nature who uh haven't really set
the big targets but have got to the big
destination and it's been just from the
process of gradually improving and day
by day just living that grind and study
uh life and just trying to always get
better and very over time as it
progresses and progresses and before you
know it you played high stakes and
you're like I didn't even set the goal
here but um here I am because I've
continued to get better. So 2022 there
was quite a big year for you and you had
a really tough scoop and I know you were
going through a big downswing during
this time. So yeah, talk us back talk us
through what it's like to play a series
when you're going for a big downswing
because I know these series are quite
brutal in terms of how many days you're
playing in a row. You're playing higher
average buy in. there's a lot of
excitement because there's big scores,
but when you're going through a
downswing, maybe there's people around
you who are doing well. Obviously, in MT
circles, there's not often people doing
well when you're doing badly. How tough
was it this period 2022 when you were
suffering from a downswing during that?
Um, that's a that's a good question. I
don't fully remember my uh complete
thoughts, but I think the most important
part is to uh probably play a little bit
lower and not allow yourself in the pos
possibility where you're able to lose
the normal amount and uh take the
variance down from that sense already.
that's going to give you more confidence
and faith uh and kind of yeah I mean
unfortunately often times this also kind
of pushes the uh variance more because
smaller fields have usually larger
average entrance. Obviously, your ROI is
still higher, but uh yeah, it's still
going to kind of take uh take a lot of
luck to also have a good series in
those, but but just uh I think it always
like allowing yourself to play a little
bit lower is something uh like an
immediate thing which you can do which
is going to going to let you feel more
more confident in the uh those games
than uh what you what you normally would
feel in the uh other stuff.
How important are the series for an MTT
player in terms of of making a break in
your year? I hear mixed kind of uh kind
of thoughts on this. Some players like
really feel like they're super
important. Other players just grind
through like as normal volume for you.
How important do you feel like they are
for you? I mean
I I'm kind of two ways. So I I think
it's also the brain and heart kind of
question for this one.
um where where my brain says like you
know every rag is playing and most of
the tournaments you're playing are very
very low ROI and it comes to um small
small pieces of luck if you're going to
have a good um bad part and then there
is the heart which is like yes I want to
compete I want to win a title you know
so I I I don't think I have an answer
for whether they're good or not. I think
I just mainly play them because I enjoy
competing um and I I enjoy playing
versus the best players. Uh, I don't
have a great answer of if they're like
good good EV or not or if I would just
be better off, you know, taking this
time a holiday and grind the the kind of
u off off series. But also like this
would kind of uh put me away from my
purpose of trying to be the best. Like
you don't become the best if you choose
this path. So, um I kind of just play
them and try to do as well as possible
and uh yeah, win a title. Yeah, it
sounds like you Yeah, you step into a
competitive mode and you want to prove
yourself, but you also want to uh yeah,
get some recognition potentially for the
level you're at. So, it feels like the
series are an opportunity to kind of
stretch that muscle, so to speak, to see
where you're at, but also to potentially
get a big score. Uh whether that's
important on the long term, we don't
really know, but we feel like the heart
feels like that would be a good thing to
achieve. So MTT is obviously very
challenging in terms of the situations
you find yourself in. So when you're
playing final tables in big pots and
you're under a lot of pressure, how do
you personally cope with that? It feels
like from your background both in
football and in the military, you might
be someone who can keep themselves calm
with the pressure better than the
average poker player. Obviously for you,
you won't be able to know this, but for
you, how do you personally keep yourself
in the moment playing poker a strategy
game rather than getting caught up in
the large amounts of money that are
available, especially at the final
table? So, for me, it just kind of
happens naturally. Um, I'm kind of in a
zone where I don't really care about the
money. Um, like it's something I don't
even think of because I just think of
that I want to win the tournament. like
uh as stupid as it sounds like I don't
think about the luck. I don't think
about anything. I just think about
executing the next spot to my best
ability as possible. Um like for example
a fun uh fun story like last week I was
playing in talent. Uh I was playing my
first 25k and I was three-handed. Um and
uh I was with two two players which I
consider one of them being uh better
than me and other one being pretty much
same level or um like two very good
players anyhow and you know we are we
were playing 13 big blind average stack
and it's a very topheavy tournament and
you know uh I needed they were wanting
to chop and uh I I like I was thinking
three four minutes because you know I
just wanted to you know write it out and
my heart wanted to play so badly because
you know if to make the chop there. You
know, it doesn't really feel like you
won any won anything, but then you
obviously have to think about the fact
that it's uh 13 big blind average and
you're playing versus good opponent. So,
essentially, you're just going to be
flipping for large amounts of money. So,
uh yeah, it's something I I kind of just
enjoy enjoy the the journey of the
tournament and I enjoy winning and I
don't think I will ever change from
that. Like uh I will always enjoy
winning as much as I do. I still
celebrate every time I win a tournament,
even if it's just a little fist bump in
the air or whatever. Like, I'm still
doing it. So, yeah, it's it's it's
always going to change, but I don't
think I will change much. Did you take
that three-way chop in Thailand? Uh,
yes. Yes, I take it. Yes, I took it. The
brain took over. Well, this makes sense.
We need to cash in here. So, you've
mentioned a few times the journey of the
tournaments for us non- tournament
grinders. Take us through what the
journey feels like on an emotional
level. let's say maybe Sunday grinds and
what are some of the kind of experiences
if we could summarize it into kind of
phases of of going through a journey of
a a tournament. So it can start off, you
know, going badly or maybe you you get a
double up in the very beginning and then
it's kind of, you know, you start to get
closer to the late registration ending
and you start to see yourself uh, you
know, rising up the ranks or are going
down quickly and uh then you you start
to get into the phase where you're
getting closer to the money and uh and
this is all already like small
excitement. you know, that's the first
first kind of major step you want to do
in your tournament because at that point
from that tournament, you've, you know,
made some money. So, first positive
thing and then after that it's going to
be the sale of how how do I like uh
build build my stack to the final table
and uh and then once you get there the
pay jumps are are usually starting to be
like pretty real in terms of how how
many players are in the field and so so
there's kind of uh more excitement and
more tension building throughout the the
run. Like I would say there is always a
little bit more tension in the next hand
that you're going to be playing um in a
tournament. So, so it's kind of just
like more exciting because there's
always some other factors you need to uh
think of uh in it. It's not like as
black and white uh you know basic hunter
big blind button versus cut off three
tribut for
example. That was great that journey
through a tournament. I really enjoyed
like going through the the phases there
for you. I was going to say what what's
your favorite phase but I know it's
going to be towards the end final table
when the big money's there. Where do you
feel like you have the biggest edge?
Which part of the tournament when it
turns to a certain phase do you feel
like my strategy, my execution is ahead
of other players? Um, I feel like my
biggest edge is probably
um I I would say like the more GPV
faces. I think I'm pretty good in just
playing playing poker. Uh then once ICM
and other stuff comes in, you know,
these days especially, it starts to be
very theoretical. I mean, there is still
exploits that you're able to do, but but
it's especially on GG poker, it's a very
pre flop orientated game and uh there
can be people who just sit hours and
hours in the lab and even though they're
not great at post flop, but uh they
don't need to play much post flop in
these these structures. So um it it's
also involved or made sense for me to
put a lot more work into a pre flop and
uh like the later stages. I was always
studying that that part also but uh I
think I think um I was I'm kind of
better with a big stack all all the
time. So, I would say my strength is
also to have the chip lead um uh in more
so than being kind of a middling average
because that's going to involve you to
making some faults which I normally
don't like to do. Um you're going to
have to open race tighter and uh you're
going to have to you're kind of you're
handcuffed in a way which I don't enjoy.
um obviously less in Holden than for
example Omaha but uh but yeah I mean the
in a sense and final table removes the
freedom which poker normally has because
you're not able to be as experimental or
do kind of stuff like this uh cuz there
are certain like stupid boundaries that
you kind of have to follow you know I
would just prefer to for it to be a
little bit different but you know this
is the way it's going to be and this is
the way it is So, you know, got a
solution for you, man. It's called cash
games. No boundaries, no picking, you
know, you never have to do any folds.
You know, we can just skip pre flop. We
can straight post flop only post flop,
you know. I've actually, yeah, I've
thought about it, but I mean, these
days, unfortunately, you know, high
stakes cash is getting a little bit more
restricted and uh I don't think it would
really make sense to um transition at
this moment. like most most of the cash
game fans I know are transition
transitioning into entities. So yeah
know I definitely I definitely see a a
brighter future or at least it's it's
it's a it's a more growing uh format
than I guess game for sure. Yeah, like
so many bots and start to be pretty
solved and and all this kind of stuff.
So yeah, I mean I I I still enjoy
tournaments a lot. Like don't get me
wrong, I I like to study, but uh yeah, I
still enjoy the beginning phases more
for sure. And uh yeah,
so we talked a lot about the good side
of poker and it's the good side of
tournaments. What's the hardest thing
about being a tournament right now?
Um, I mean for sure the variance I think
because uh some sometimes you can play
well and uh and not get the results you
you're wanting and sometimes you can
play poorly and uh run really well and
uh it's hard to kind of be rational in
these moments and uh be fully ac uh like
fully understand if you're playing good
or not and and
um yeah like the short-term variance
probably for
Let's say you're on a bad run and you're
not getting the results you want and the
exciting journey of being a tomy grinder
isn't in your day-to-day experience. For
you personally, how do you keep yourself
motivated and your confidence high
during those patches? You mentioned
playing a lot and studying a lot
increases confidence, but also like
results I think on some level are going
to uh back up that confidence. When
results aren't coming, how do you
personally keep your confidence high?
Good question. I think that's the
hardest part of a swing. Um because
there is no way that you're ever going
to have the confidence level that you
normally have. You're always going to be
doubting yourself a little bit more. It
doesn't matter how good of a player you
are. I think I mean maybe there are
exceptions in this case. I I don't know,
but I would say that you almost never
have the confidence on the same level.
So yeah, it's it's it's a very hard
question and uh I don't have a clear
answer for this, but uh I just think
that doing the small basic stuff which
can increase your confidence a little
bit is already like a a major major
thing.
Yeah, I think it's just not having that
major drop off. Obviously, there's going
to be some deviations in confidence
relative to circumstances, but if you
can keep showing up, keep a level heads,
keep playing your strategy to the best
of your ability, uh yeah, I think that's
uh some best you can do without relying
on being in your full aame every session
you play. So around this time or just
after this time, you started playing the
higher stakes games. When was the
transition for you personally when you
felt like now I'm playing these high
stakes entities and what what levels in
MT world classify as the kind of the
jump to high stakes? Um I think it's
like I would say it's it's when there is
like on for example on a weekday when
there is no higher binds I would say
it's like the 500 1k uh ABI kind of uh
tournaments like at that point there is
not much much higher stuff like then
there is uh 5ks and 10ks on Sunday and
obviously this is like the these are the
very very highest uh highest stuff that
you can find
online and that's like the next step
from I guess the 500 1k daily. But I
would say that's like the that's when
you're playing high stakes is when you
play like the 500s and 1ks uh during a
day-to-day basis and you're kind of
encountering the swings that already
that gives you
during this time you had a minus 30k
day. Do you remember that day? Uh yes
yes I think so.
Um, I can't remember if it was the day
when uh I was playing when I Yeah, it
was a sick day. If it's the one that I'm
remembering, it was I had two 10ks open
and uh uh two 5ks or something. It was
like a a Thursday series Thursday. It
might might be the wrong day, but I at
least have one day, which I'm
remembering. And yeah, it was just I
mean I was playing a little bit lower
table count, but it was still kind of a
good experience. And uh you know I was I
was heading into the day knowing I will
play these tournaments. And you know
when you head into a day like this you
you always have the um like you're
you're going to like you play
tournaments so you know you're not going
to win all the time and and you're going
to lose a lot. So so I was just kind of
accept accepting of that and uh yeah I
didn't feel bad afterwards and and uh
it's just kind of part of the part of
the journey.
What's your process for accepting
losses? I know it's easy to brush over
that and go, "Yeah, I accept that I lose
30k." But I think a lot of players
struggle with what it's like to actually
accept for you. What's that process look
like?
Um, yeah. I I think I just, you know, I
I never it always takes me maybe I'm
like few minutes after the session, I'm
still going to be slightly annoyed or
whatever. But, you know, there is always
going to be a next day. There's always
going to be a day when you you can uh
improve more or play lower or grind more
and and like uh this like if you have
correct bankroll man management this
kind of loss is not going to affect your
life in any way and if it does then
you're probably playing too high. So uh
it all comes down to like uh kind of the
preparation um and your own mindset and
your own bankroll management and uh if
you have these things under control then
uh losing even a lot of money doesn't
like it's not going to affect you and uh
that's that's how you should work at it
as a poker player because like if you if
you need to have stress about the money
part then uh then you're going to play
like 1% worse or whatever and that's
already an edge you're giving Okay.
Yeah. And I think for you just from this
conversation, it's clear you pay less
attention to the money and the outcomes.
You care more about performance,
execution, playing your strategy that
the best your ability. So obviously the
money on the long term you want to make,
but it feels like you don't judge
yourself as much as maybe some other
players do relative to the the financial
swings. So me and R have read over some
of your blog posts before this
conversation and I'm one of them you
said recently I felt like there's been
too much poker which has led me to
playing below my best and getting
frustrated more easily. You noticed this
and you said enough is enough and took
two full days off immediately. So with
this how do you spot these kind of
tendencies in yourself that you're
feeling a bit more frustrated? I think
some players struggle with like spotting
when their game's off when things aren't
going well for you. What sort of process
do you go through? How do you identify
when you're not on your A game? Um I it
it's like um I think there is a pretty
fine line in my game always and even if
I'm a little bit off, it usually leads
to pretty big errors. Um uh it starts to
be sloppy. It starts to be punty. Um and
uh it's it's not kind of hard to
identify because uh I'm I'm not as calm
and collective as I I usually am. And uh
I'm kind of just doing stuff in a flow
state and uh then I go back to see like
did I actually like this hand or not?
And um yeah, there there's like some
small things that I think uh develops a
big picture which is like you know you
start to get more annoying when you lose
big pots and you start to play kind of
sloppy instead of um thoughtful and uh
wanting to execute at the best level.
And uh yeah, when I see those things, I
mean uh it's clear that you shouldn't be
playing and uh there is something that's
wrong and um then you just need to uh to
your best ability to find a solution to
what is wrong and uh usually like uh uh
a little bit time off is does the magic.
You said picking a little bit off can
lead to big errors for you. What are
some of the things you've noticed that
lead you to be a little bit off at times
and how do you try to prevent those or
when you do experience them what are
some of the things you do to recover
from it? Um I I I just think it comes
down to the preparation. Uh so um I I
try to be as um as kind of ready as
possible for each session. So well
studied and well rested and uh been
outside and uh preferably done some sort
of activity before. And then when I've
these things right, usually at least for
me to be able to play my a game and uh
even then sometimes you you're just
going to be a little bit off and uh make
errors. But but uh at least when you do
the preparation right, usually you have
a greater chance of uh executing at your
full potential.
Yeah. Great. It feels like you've got a
very standardized way of preparing
yourself and when you do that right you
very often end up in the right state so
it's easy for you to spot when that's
not true or when you've deviated from
that peak state and you can make changes
take breaks or whatever to prevent that.
Yeah, I think a lot of players don't
think about their preparation in the way
you have described it there and they
maybe haven't found that kind of sweet
spot of how to prepare for the best for
you. Anything you tried that didn't work
in your preparation, experimentation.
I'm guessing you experimented with
different things. And yeah, how long
does your preparation take before you
you grind? Doesn't take long. Doesn't
have to take long. I think the main
thing is like a good night of sleep,
which I still struggle with so so many.
Like for example, today I slept 5 hours.
Uh so I mean I I think after this I'm
probably going to take take up a nap if
I'm uh going to play today. But you know
today if I would play it would be very
flow. I would play probably good for the
first hour, two hours and then I would
get into the kind of bad zone. So I mean
if I want to play today, I need to sleep
a little bit longer and then I need to
go outside as well and get some fresh
air and uh and uh eat something small
and pretty much I think those are the
main things like good sleep and uh so
you feel recharged and you're ready for
the session and then fresh air and uh
sunlight. Those are like the small main
things for me at least. Yeah. Great. And
yeah, often it is the simple things done
consistently that make the biggest
difference. And yeah, I'm glad that you
have found what works for you and you're
able to to share those so simply as
well. So, as a poker player, it's
sometimes hard to find the balance
between striving for your goals and
having a normal life and also being
happy on that journey. For you, how do
you keep
yourself happy, feeling fulfilled on the
journey to being the best poker player
you can be?
Um, I think it's just you like knowing
what kind of person you are and allowing
yourself to make mistakes and kind of do
the stuff that you like and uh and still
not not like uh not kind of push you
into spots where you you're going to be
unhappy. Like I think I think I'm for
sure happiest as I've ever been and I
I've said the same thing for a few years
which means that I'm in a state where
like everything is just working. So uh
you know uh I'm kind of in the mood like
I have my year also structurized in a
way where I always like to grind the
start of the year up until scoop and
once scoop ends it's when my friends
holiday starts and then I like to enjoy
my summer take a little bit chiller. I
don't have pressure for myself. I'm not
going to the WSP. I mean, that's for
mainly for reasons that as a Finnish
guy, I would need to pay taxes there.
But still, it's not like something where
I'm actively trying to, you know, be uh
I enjoy the fact that I'm having kind of
the summer easier. So, uh I think it
comes down to grinding in uh grinding in
brackets where like you have enough time
off and you have enough time to recharge
and then you also have like balance in
your normal week. So um you're talking
to people, you're seeing people, uh
you're doing kind of the social stuff
which is also going to help you to um
feel fulfilled and uh uh yeah on a
day-to-day basis.
Yeah, sounds like you've got a good
system for the long-term planning of a
year, but also the the weekly kind of
structure of how to find that enjoyment
along alongside the grind. Do you ever
feel like you're sacrificing too much? I
know at times like when I was grinding
high volume I somes had a conflict of is
it worth it? Is it worth like the
trade-offs often when you're in the the
mode of grinding you can override that
but sometimes you kind of zoom out and
see your friends doing fun stuff the
things you're saying no to do you feel
any conflict there? Uh yes. Uh, for
example, I feel like uh the worst part
about a poker player is uh not being
able to do um anything on a on a
Saturday because that's you know my
friends have a kind of Friday Saturday
and then no one is doing anything on
Sunday and on Sunday I'm going to be
playing. So means Saturday I need to
take it kind of easier. So uh I'm kind
of sacrificing you know two days for one
day and then usually it it even these
days you know leads to some expectations
on a Sunday that you know you've
prepared so well and you sacrifice so
much but you don't need to actually um
it's it's still a normal day of grinding
so uh you're prone to the variance and
you're going to very often have a bad
Sunday so uh it's like uh it feels like
you're kind of sacrificing two days for
for one and uh I would prefer to have
this kind of day on a week day where you
know um I wouldn't have the ability of
doing something uh fun with my friends
and and uh instead of you know kind of
doing but it's also like uh nothing can
be perfect. So I think it's also a good
tradeoffer uh that uh you know you're
just u yeah sometimes sometimes it's uh
you're going to feel this way and
sometimes you can also you know take it
easier on a Saturday and I don't think
you have to play every Sunday. Um, and
yeah.
Yeah. I think life's a game of
trade-offs, and we've got to align the
trade-offs with what we think's most
important for us at that time. And yeah,
when you say yes to something, you've
got to say no to something else. So,
trying to find that balance for yourself
at the moment of time you're in. That
works well because it sounds like for
you, there's no conflict there. You know
what you need to say yes to and say no
to, and you feel, yeah, although it's
not great saying no to Saturday nights,
you feel very Yeah. confident that it's
the right decision for you going
forwards. So for you, I'm curious to
know more about your approach to taking
risk and how you manage your bankroll. I
know as tournament players, it's
probably the most complicated management
your bankroll compared to other formats
because you guys have so many different
buyins you play, so much variance to
think about. So yeah, for you, I think
you mentioned in the questionnaire,
you're someone who likes to play it
safe, but you've also rose to play high
stakes very quickly. How have you
thought about when's a good time to take
shots at higher levels in your career?
Um, I probably don't take enough shots
and I probably should be much more
aggressive, but I I feel like I'm in a
state where um like at least financially
um I guess it's a big thing in poker,
but financially uh I'm in a place where
um I kind of don't need more money. Um,
so I I'm I'm I'm kind of uh in a spot
where I feel like it would hurt me a lot
more to kind of lose uh and and and that
would lead to me not being able to
execute my kind of normal uh lifestyle
and schedule and uh being able to travel
and these kind of happinesses that uh
are part of my life this time. So, I
feel like the the risk of heading there
is too big that uh you know I don't need
to get to X amount of money as fast as
possible. I I feel like you know if even
if I take it slow, I think just putting
in the hours and the grind, you know,
eventually I'll be somewhere close to to
what I'm trying to reach. And um yeah, I
don't think I need to get there fast.
Like obviously the struggle is the the
bigger buyins. like obviously I want to
play them as quick as possible but for
example last year I was shot taking 10ks
uh very aggressively and you know didn't
go my way and uh now I'm like kind of
away scarred from that so I'm kind of
slowly getting into the right mental
space of trying to play them more and
more again um where it's always I I kind
of always have this barrier to myself
when I'm trying to uh push to the next
uh tournament level I remember actually
in start in my career. I had the same
thing with like I think it was $22
tournaments where it was like on the
first sample it was going so badly and I
was asking my friends, you know, am I am
I just not good enough um to play this?
And uh there something I in a way have
because I still have like the
competitive sports thing in inside of me
where I'm not the most uh rational
numbers numbers guy and um going with a
lot of flow. So,
um uh yeah, it's a lot of mental mental
stuff that you have to deal with and I
feel like slowly getting into um trying
to and you know getting uh getting a
score in those would be massive for the
for the fact that you could um add them
more consistently into your schedule,
which I'm kind of doing at the moment.
And and also learning that it's okay to
sell bigger pieces to kind of be uh more
okay with the variance part then. Um,
yeah, there's a lot of stuff that goes
into it, but uh, yeah, I'd say those are
the key ones. You mentioned you have
some mental blocks with some of those
higher games. What are those mental
blocks? Is it just the the fear of maybe
not being good enough to beat them?
Taking swings that maybe you don't need
to take at this stage your career? What
are some of them you've you're running
currently or you've you've run into at
certain levels? Um, I think it's like
noticing that you're sometimes not
comfortable enough to execute something
that you think would be uh the right
move. Uh, which usually means that
you're playing something that is too
high. Um, I don't think I have it uh
anymore, but it's something that I for
sure had at least in the beginning. Um,
and you need to think of it as just a
normal tournament and the players are
the same that you play normally versus
anyway. Um, then also like you get more
annoyed when you bust. I remember my
stretch when I was like uh bubbling
everyone and uh uh I was getting so much
more annoyed than an average tournament
just because it was a 10k, you know. I
mean, I guess it's going to hurt you
more on average than normal, but still
uh it it was hurting me more than uh
normal. uh and I was feeling annoyed and
and
uh yeah it's I I don't know like I think
experience and time and uh this is like
the best method of just kind of healing
yourself and uh it's okay to feel these
things. It's perfectly normal like we're
all human. So, um I'm kind of not so
hard on myself uh for making mistakes or
uh not feeling like I did something, but
I'm I'm just always going to try to play
it better the next time and improve like
my mental capacity and um be more uh
ready for the for the tournament the
next time.
You mentioned you have a few scars from
a few those 10k shots. I want to bring
up one of those scars and get you to
relive it. Uh there was a tournament you
had on GG where you had a very big flip
that didn't go your way. Could you
relive that story and tell us what
happened at that moment?
Yes. So I was one out of 13 with uh 1.5
million up top and uh uh I was really in
the zone.
Um I had a spot uh yeah where I was very
happy squeezing uh value hand and I felt
like with my chip lead stack and the
player I was playing versus uh I I felt
also that it's a just an amazing spot to
have a value hand. You know um the guy
put in a decently light combo and we
ended up playing a flip for essentially
the tournament and uh yeah didn't go my
way. I still had a small stack, but I
ended up getting 11th. And yeah, it was
very disappointing because uh if even if
I make fifth or fourth in this
tournament, which I pretty much always
do, I guess uh if I win that flip, it
would give me a lot of confidence. Uh
which I kind of was lacking in those
10ks at that point. You know, at this
point, I was so in the zone, I wasn't
even thinking about the money. But I
actually remember
uh that moment that the next day uh even
the next day like this was the first
time ever happened. But I was like
thinking to myself like damn that was
actually a really big flip. And uh even
even these days, you know, I I still
think like how my career would look
differently if that flip had gone my
way. And like would I have completely um
like would I be in J right now playing
the Triton or whatever? Like very
possible. But but I'm also kind of happy
that you know or I've understood and
kind of dealt with it uh in a way where
um you know I feel like I'm going to get
another shot at some point and uh and
I'm kind of still happy to be in a spot
where I'm um where I'm where I'm like
kind of doing doing the stuff because I
I have a lot of friends who've who've uh
won that flip and uh who've done really
well and yeah as I said it leads to like
a a lot of questions to yourself and uh
leads to momentarily happiness and then
a big unhappiness and uh questions of
should I be playing poker and then not
playing poker and then kind of lacking
that and and yeah I I enjoy the
day-to-day grind and and yeah playing
poker. So, I'm still kind of happy that
I haven't reached the the final thing
because I mean I feel like if for
example if I win that tournament then I
think like in terms of online poker
there wouldn't be much more to
accomplish I guess. So, so now I still
have uh I still have I have have like a
lot more uh stuff that I want to do in
online poker, which I mean maybe good
thing, maybe bad thing, but uh you know,
there's positive sides of the coin
always. And um yeah, there's always
going to be a next time. Well, yeah,
you're young and hungry and you've got
plenty more time to uh to get those big
scores, but yeah, I can imagine in that
moment and even reflecting it was could
have been a life-changing moment. But
yeah, I think sometimes it's not meant
to be in those moments and you're where
you are in a great spot and you have
plenty more time to uh to get to that
pinnacle or just keep chasing to try and
get to that pinnacle which you you
mentioned you're not even sure if you
want to arrive at which is always always
interesting about which point did you
start mixing live poker into your
grinds. I know at some point you started
playing some live stops. When did you
start introducing those and what was
your idea with that? Um, so I think the
first one was can't remember if I was 18
and or 19. I was in EP Prague. Um, super
weird experience. Um, I was probably
complete opposite from everyone else.
But it was so difficult for me like uh,
you know, it felt like this big real
thing. you know, everyone is staring at
you where you make your decision and you
have to actually know how much is in the
pot and focus on all these other things
that normally just uh get to yourself.
So uh it took actually a lot of time for
me to get like comfortable like I
actually don't think I was a winning
player the first year I was playing just
for for the reasons that uh it was
difficult for me to hide my tails and uh
uh knowing how much is in the pot and uh
knowing how much someone has and and all
this kind of stuff and like knowing how
people play like poker compared to
online because I always was the guy that
put in so much uh volume uh and I I
pretty pretty much had no volume. So, I
went straight from uh um kind of where
I've always tried to grind it up from
the lower stuff to went straight to
live, not high stakes, but I guess the
normal uh stakes that EPS have and uh
try to be better. So yeah, it was a lot
of learning learning in the beginning
and uh um for sure wasn't so great, but
I I think I'm pretty decent these days
or at least like I'm I'm getting better
to uh hide hide stuff and I don't think
I'm giving uh giving away as much as I
was back then and uh getting more
comfortable sitting at the table and uh
yeah.
What made you keep playing live during
that first year? Because it sounds like
it wasn't very enjoyable. you weren't
getting many good results and online was
going great. What made you uh want to
persist through that discomfort? Um well
for me it's always like uh I think given
at one one point I said that uh live
poker for me is more like just an
expensive holiday where I get to see the
the people that I work with um normally
who are normally just screen names and
um they're my like colleagues and and
then you get to see those people hang
out with them and while still doing
something you enjoy. So um yeah,
obviously I always also even in that
beginning year I I thought that you know
maybe I'm just running bad or I'm
getting so unlucky blah blah blah. I
mean I don't think it was the case but
you know you there's there's a ways of
giving yourself uh excuses that you know
you're just running bad.
So now how do you think about light
poker? Do you have certain stops that
you like to play a jam and how does that
fit alongside your online goals?
So yeah, I mean I try to play live
booker four to five times a year. Uh I
don't really have like strict stops. Um
I I would love to get more into the uh
the high high roller scene live. That's
uh also a goal I have. Um obviously it
it involves kind of a lot of different
study than what I'm doing. um kind of
want to do a lot more big plan anti
stuff and uh focusing on these low
payout high rollers which is like not
something you do so much online. So
there is kind of a different thing for
that as well. But like these days I try
to play pretty much the EPS uh since
those are taxfree for me. So, they make
the most sense. And I've I've figured
out that for me, uh, actually the best
way is just to arrive for the main
event. And, uh, then I'm going to be
fully ready because I enjoy playing live
poker in a way where I'm not on my phone
and I'm kind of looking at every pot.
And, uh, it needs to be exciting for
enough for me to do that. And if I'm
playing like the Ureka 1k where you have
12 bullets available or whatever, uh
completely impossible for me to feel
recharged uh you know and um I'm I'm
going to be burned out uh by the time
I'm going to be playing the main event.
So for example, like in Cyprus, I think
I was there for the whole thing. I
arrived in very early. Uh I was playing
like at the 10k in the beginning then I
got 14 to 12k then I hopped in 1k 2k I
think I deep ran the 1k I got like 60 at
uh out of 5k people and uh then I was
playing the main I think I made day
three or day two um and all these
tournaments kind of in this long span
was getting super uh deep and then like
um in the 3k mystery bounty which was
like it's one of the last events I think
um it was also like semi deep. It was uh
30 left of 1k players and then I just
ended up uh misclicking not seeing like
an open and jabbed in uh small blind
thinking I was like first in with king
three off and I just ended up rejaming
right into ace king and uh busting and
uh then I was like yeah probably not
smart to come here for three weeks and
you know play every tournament with this
much focus and and uh yeah these days I
like to uh focus on uh kind of executing
shooting as good as possible in every
tournament. So, I feel like the way I do
it, I arrive for the main event and then
I play the 10k high rollover and uh then
I'm going to be out of
there. Yeah, it sounds like you found
that way to get the max enjoyments and
also the max performance gains from a
live stop and yeah, you've kind of trial
and error a few different approaches,
but it sounds like less is more for you
and playing those kind of high value
tournaments when you're fresh and able
to play your best seems like a good fit
for you. Renee, do you have any live
tournament aspirations? Do you want one
of those pretty trophies? Any of those
bracelets?
Hey man, the last the last live
tournament I played the final table got
third. So I'm I'm quitting on my high,
man. I'm quitting on my high. That's
already a few years ago. So no, I I
actually do enjoy uh live tournament
from time to time. I enjoy them more
than online tournament. the last online
tournament I played with that that's
probably I don't know seven years ago,
eight years ago probably because at live
tournament you know I have time to sit
there and figure out the game whereas
online I feel like I have less time to
do it because how else should we other
do do other things and on average like
in live tournaments the stack sizes are
the average stack size or at least the
tournaments that I played are always a
bit higher so it's a bit deeper you know
it's also like a fun experience you chat
a bit with the people at the table I I
enjoy the creativity of it and solving
the puzzle. You know, I time in between
hands to figure out like, oh,
interesting. What what's my strategy
going to be next hand? So, I like it
from time to time, maybe like max three
times a year and then uh then so three
tournaments a year, not three series a
year. Okay. Three tournaments a year and
then then I'm satisfied. Uh I was
wondering like hearing hearing your
story and you know obviously we talked a
lot about the variance in the beginning.
We talked about the influence of luck,
right? Not only luck as a whole but also
luck in the right moment, right? as you
mentioned this this huge flip. I saw in
in your blog in Finland you call this a
omeo titalo flippy. What does it Oh,
yeah. Uh it means a flip for a nice um
uh what's like a nice house you built
yourself in a nice location. You know a
nice house you built yourself in a nice
location. Something is omotalo in
Finnish. Yeah, it's omotal. Yeah, it's a
house you built yourself.
So essentially like a flip for a house
you built yourself. But are houses that
you built yourself actually cheaper? Uh
yes. Um but like having a house when
you're uh living in a house that uh that
is like kind of separated from other
others. So it's not like a uh apartment
house or this kind of stuff. I think
they're on average I think I mean
depends on the location but I think on
average they're still going to be more
expensive than the smaller like a nice
nature in in Finland like I can see it
in front of me. Okay. Well, I just
wanted to have that terrified. So that
that's interesting to know. Uh how do
you like this is something that I
struggle with. I'm sure a lot of other
people struggle with when you play
tournaments and you even mentioned it,
right? That that flip, you know, it
still still went into your in your head
like the whatifs. How do you conquer
these whatifs in your head when you play
tournaments? Like, oh, I love mistake.
Oh, what if I would have made this tech,
what if this would, you understand? How
do you stay present in the moment and
not fall for the whatifs all the time? I
mean, you know, easy easy answer. I can
think of how fortunate I am. You know,
how many people are encountering how
many people are encountering this flip
when they're trying to break into the
500s in the 4K people 109s and stuff,
you know? I'm so lucky to be here. Uh
I'm so lucky to have to feel sad about
that spot, you know. Uh it's it's very
easy to be rational and uh think about
it, you know. Um yeah, I've had
perspective thing. Yeah, perspective.
Yeah, for sure. Actually, I remember I I
used like I said, I've played very
little tournaments, especially recently,
but I used to always think if I if I
lost my stack, I would tell myself that
I actually doubled my stack. So, this
was this was under the strategy of
fooling myself. So let's say for example
I had 30 now I have 15. I would say that
I had seven and now I have 15 you know
so I would sort of try try to feel happy
about myself or I would
highlight the strategical aspect that
then change like oh cool now I can play
15 big ban poker that's also fun you
know something along those lines. Uh but
yeah, I definitely think it's a good
point. Perspective shift and indeed
realizing I mean this is I think works
in works in everything in life right if
you have a setback or if you feel like
unlucky uh yeah you know there's always
people are going to have it worse than
you. So uh yeah perspective is is is key
here. Um you grinded your way up the
stakes starting with a $20 deposit. You
grinded like the micro stake schedule
all the way to playing as high as 10ks
online and even higher life. Was there a
jump where you felt like you were maybe
not ready for this?
Good question.
Um, I think I've kind of being so
careful like uh I remember when I first
was starting with 10ks and 5ks, I was
always playing the satellites. Actually,
I think also my first 5K I might have
end up getting second in now that I
think about it. And that was like a fun
story where I I I got it in pretty good
in uh on Savubble and didn't win. And
then I was like, you know, [ __ ] it, you
know, I I'll sell some action and play
it anyways. And uh I guess it's just the
moments of, you know, you feeling ready
to play that and then uh once you play
that, then you want to show why you're
playing that. Um and uh uh yeah, I I I
was just able to play my own game uh in
in those moments. So, uh,
uh, there there is, I guess there's a
part of me that wants to prove to the
players that I'm playing versus that,
you know, they're not going to be able
to run me over, uh, while still not
getting into, um, massive leveling wars
or doing this like
um, I guess, uh, yeah, where you're able
to execute like, but you also kind of
want to prove that you deserve to be
there, if that makes sense.
No, it it it it definitely makes sense.
You also mentioned earlier about uh I
think you mentioned it around scoop
series that there's top players and if
you're not, you know, if you don't show
up at your best, they will punish you in
general when buying goes up, right? So
also does the average level of
competition. Was there a jump or a
moment or a player that you face in the
field that made you realize like, okay,
this is definitely another level?
Um I I think for sure at like when I was
starting out to play the higher stuff
for sure but uh like these days I guess
there can be few exceptions but I think
it also comes down to not having the
that much experience and history with
these players cuz there is a lot of very
very very good players that almost never
play online anymore and then once they
come to play online you haven't fully
figured out if they're actually gonna be
like this out of line in this spot and
it comes down to very fine margins and
if they are uh doing something which you
don't think they're going to be doing
then you're going to be able to make
some mistakes but I think if you have uh
enough hours with a player and enough
experience with this one um then I guess
there is like no particular player that
I would like uh lift higher than the
others. I just think there is a lot of
very good players who are able to play
very good poker from time to time and
they're continuing to put hours in and
they're very good. So yeah,
when you say that they're are very good
players, what is the what is the skill
set of very good players and entities
that make them hard to play against?
I think well you for sure need
aggression. Um, you need to be able to
make big bluffs and and and you you I I
also think that you need kind of the
open-mindness
um the ability to yeah make make
mistakes and uh and or then you have the
other perspective of the coin which is
to try to play as close to theory as
possible. But there is also a lot of
players who try this and then they just
end up being too passive pass uh passive
in the aggressive nodes. So uh I would
say like the players that are going to
be you know putting you in tough spots
uh even though you know you're uh going
to be uh even if they think that you're
going to be calling like they're they're
going to uh put you in a very tough
spot. And uh those are like I I I think
I once said it is like uh you you want
to be a guy at the table who you
wouldn't want to have on your left for
example. Like that's that's the kind of
guy that you want to be on the table.
How do you become that guy?
um a lot of experience and uh a lot of
studying and then uh just believing in
yourself and uh uh putting people to the
test.
Not being afraid, right? Is also what it
comes down to because like something
that stops people from aggressing is
that they're afraid, right? Their mind
goes into the future. We talked a little
bit earlier, right? How they stay in the
now because their mind goes in the
future. Well, what if it goes wrong?
Well, perspective, what if it goes
right? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's like it
come down comes down to very fine uh
fine lines and margins. But uh yeah, I
think uh I think it's important to you
know be open-minded and try out stuff
and believing in yourself and uh do when
when you made the jump to, for example,
the tank case, how do you how did you
shield yourself versus facing this much
aggression? That's some definitely
something a lot of players struggle
with. That's also why being aggressive
is usually a good idea.
Um, it's a good question. I don't fully
remember like the I guess I guess what I
was trying to think is I was just also
trying to go deeper into the
psychological aspect like do I feel like
people are going to try to run me over
or not?
Um, like what do they think? guard is
the normal players I battle versus or
not. And then uh you know you can get
kind of an idea of how this guy is going
to try to approach your game. And uh
yeah, then you can have a decent idea of
uh whether you know your bluff catch is
going to be better or worse and or um or
what is going to happen in that exact
situation for example. And also not
being afraid to like
uh uh yeah make the good aggressive
moves yourself.
So aggression the west the best way to
fight aggression is with aggression.
Yeah. And good counter
strategies like uh
Yeah. Uh what what what what would you
say is the in in your knowledge the
correct counter strategy towards
aggression? Well, there is a lot of
theories uh or or there's a lot of
different correct answers. Um obviously
you can tighter tighten up and play
stronger ranges and then play those
ranges more aggressively or then you can
also go deep into the trenches and try
to soldier yourself out of the
situation. Um sometimes it works,
sometimes it doesn't. I I would say the
second option is the more fun one. Um um
yeah um maybe there is some other
options as well but I would say those
are the most most common common ones.
Yeah and I would say I would add the
worst one is which I do see some some
people apply they start they start going
out in the trenches and then midway they
decide to go back to safety which is
probably the worst because then you've
already invested and they have to see it
they have to see it through because
that's the moment where you know now
you're going to have to call down and
now you're going to have to go for it
but then they bill out. It's like okay I
lost too much in the beginning and you
didn't gain gain the best as you switch
with your strategy you change your mind
at the end so beforehand make sure to
look ahead and understand what you're
going to expect and adjust accordingly
right yeah and for example like you know
in a 10k this could be like my very base
strategy was to be in the trenches a lot
so I could see myself like I don't
remember if it was like that in the
beginning but I could see that it could
have been that uh you know I was deep
into the trenches and then
uh wasn't like I was for example not
ready to make the the big call because I
was afraid it's so uh such a big
deviation and uh even though I like knew
it was going to be good you know but
then again you know I said beginning in
the 1k that I was able to do it so I
don't know if this was the case with me
or not but I could see it being the case
and yeah uh for it it's for sure hard to
know how you're going to uh how you're
going to like uh react in a situation
like
Yeah. So I usually give a similar advice
say listen you know you can either go
these both ways. I usually recommend the
tighten up a little bit pre flop flop
because I feel like for most people this
just works better. Uh but obviously yeah
just in general you can also see well if
if he's really that over agressive then
if you do flop a pair we're talking just
a pair that value goes up right. If you
if you put this in a sol over buffing
then he's like oh I'm pretty happy with
my [ __ ] fourth pair here. So it's
printing money. Let's go. But it's very
hard for the brain or for the heart,
right? We talked the difference between
the brain and heart. The heart thinks
differently sometimes. The heart thinks
like bum bum bum bum bum. Hey, I poor p
the guy put a stick and what are we
doing? Come on back to safety. Yeah,
exactly.
Um, was there ever a time when you uh
when you stubbornly believe something
about how you approach poker or like
poker strategy only to later realize
that you were completely wrong and uh
what changed your mind?
Uh yes, I mean I thought I was playing
vanilla tournaments uh the best as
possible. There was like I think a
beginning of last year was first time
when they started to come with these
half field left sims and stuff. Uh no
one really thought much into that
beforehand. Uh, I was always kind of
thinking that, you know, uh, you can
play pretty much chip EV and then
Bubble's going to play a little bit
differently and then it's going to be
pretty chill again. And, uh, I mean, not
chill, but up until the final table, um,
you know, depending a little bit on the
stacks, obviously, you're going to
tighten tighten up a little bit. And
then there also was uh
uh yeah like I guess the uh just just uh
of of how u how like risk premiums work
and and what the thing is with that and
something that I've kind of thought of a
lot recently and it's realized that um I
think the strategy I was applying last
year is for sure not the most profitable
one in those tournaments like you kind
of if people are tightening up their
range ES um and there's extreme three
bit ranges become stronger in the first
place then you're you are going to be
losing money if you play your normal
ranges like it's just a fact. So uh yeah
it was kind of just adapting and
studying and um then I put a lot of work
into those and I think uh now I'm at a a
level where I'm at least happy happy to
reg those tournaments again and uh and
and think I've uh improved again a lot
in those.
Would you describe yourself as stubborn
or are you in general open for the idea
that you're wrong about certain things
and willing to change your strategy
rapidly? Um, stubborn for sure. I I I
I'm going to believe that uh what I've
done is right, and it doesn't have to be
right, but uh I'm going to have very
very clear uh answers and uh thoughts
about a spot and then it's going to take
a lot of convincing like even if a very
very good player tells me like you
should play this one differently and
then I'm going to just might just be
like no I think like but it's something
I've you know uh learned learned during
the years like these days also very much
opened that you
uh it's not going to be so easy that you
think and uh um yeah I'm I'm a person
who who always thinks that uh or doesn't
think or doesn't think that my way is
right but uh is maybe not so open to
getting information immediately after.
What is something that you're uh
convinced of that's the right thing but
your circle around you is is trying to
steer you in a different direction? I
don't think there is like a big thing.
Um it it just like it can be it can be
some small hand uh or some some small
thing which is kind of
uh yeah which I which I would feel like
uh my way is my way is good or it's good
for these reasons and then I maybe don't
see it from from their perspective
enough to where I could see and doesn't
mean like my reason is wrong but uh
Yeah. Uh kind of hard to explain but but
I feel like I feel like it comes down to
small things like there is no major
there's no major uh major thing that
leads for this.
I would say sometimes it's also
obviously you can explain certain things
in ways that you to play the hand but
sometimes there's also like just a a
sort of feeling is hard to it's hard to
explain to the other person looking in.
Right. So there's yeah it's it's we
talked about it earlier right from the
outside in it's is always a little bit
different uh to see the situation but
obviously it is very valuable right to
talk with other players get outside
perspectives who's the one person this
can be a coach or or friend or even an
opponent who has influenced your game
the most and was there any specific
lesson or concept that they taught you
that completely shifted the way you
approach
poker H I would I mean I would say
the the most influential uh like it
wasn't really a coach or anything but it
was uh Dan Smilovich uh legend of the
game. Um it was in the beginning when I
was playing like uh my 50 AVI or
something like this 100 AVI like he told
me that uh yeah you're good enough to
play higher and uh he then he was taking
my action in like uh the higher stuff
and constantly doing so and uh uh that
was like the first boost I guess for me
that where I understood that yeah like I
got the confidence that I'm good enough
to play the higher stuff and then I also
have some really good results but you uh
if I didn't meet him at that time like
maybe I wasn't going to play the higher
stakes for like one or two years more or
maybe I would have take it a lot slower.
Um, but uh meeting him during that time
was u also a fun story. Like the way we
met was uh I had a picture of uh Jeff
Gross holding a coffee cup on my poker
stars avatar and then he copied my
picture and then I called him out for it
and then we became friends and uh yeah
we we talked on a daily basis and both
were grinding a lot. So it was kind of a
also a good uh good uh kind of balance
where uh I was focusing a lot on ICM
stuff and he was pretty good in chip EV
so it was kind of a good tradeoffer
where we were sharing knowledge in parts
where we could both improve and uh that
gave me like a good boost in the
beginning. Would you say next to that is
also you're already very confident. Do
you think he gave you like that by
investing in you, by believing in you,
think he gave you that last like extra
confident boost needed? Right.
Sometimes, obviously, from our
perspective, we're good, but sometimes
if we have someone that we look up to
say, "Wow, no, you got this." That can
be just that that little push that you
need uh in order to really go for it.
Yeah. Uh for sure. Um I I think that was
the the the first big big major thing.
uh like uh someone say someone who plays
the stakes was telling me that uh you're
good enough and uh that that kind of
gave me the the push push for sure.
What's the best poker advice that you've
ever received? And when was the moment
you truly understood why that piece of
advice was so so important?
Um so there there was one thing that
really came up probably forgetting
something but one really influential
thing that uh I think it was two or
three years ago uh I was talking to Alex
Kulv in Paris and uh uh he told me that
uh you know should focus less on uh on
like the recognition and uh the the
attention you're getting and focus more
on the friends and uh family and people
around you because the uh outside can
always take the attention uh away from
you but uh friends and family will will
stay there for life. So um was I think
it was extremely important for me to
hear that back then because you know uh
as an 18year-old 19year-old 20year-old
when I was breaking into the scene like
everyone was always talking about me and
there was like big uh expectations and
stuff and then when you go into downs
and stuff people are not talking about
you anymore and you know especially in
poker you know once you don't have few
scores people think that oh you're
you're not good anymore and uh it's a
very very like uh people are people love
to be very resultsoriented in poker like
once we have a player who wins uh three
high rollers in a row he's going to be
the best in the world you know u that's
how it works so um how did you put that
advice in practice
um I was just kind of understanding the
the words and uh kind of understanding
that there is going to be a moment when
when uh people are not going to be like
this uh when it comes to the attention
uh talking and and and then uh once it
happened, it didn't feel like uh there
was nothing uh different about it, you
know. Um I was still uh like it didn't
affect my life at all. Um because it was
so important to hear that when I was so
young and didn't kind of understand uh
how it would affect me and how like uh
how that kind of stuff affects you. The
meta in in poker is constantly evolving.
How have you seen the poker meta change
over the years that you've played poker?
And how would you describe the current
meta in poker? It's obviously very
important to stay up to date, adjust
your strategies. So, what uh how do you
think it has evolved? Um it evol it
evolves like so much. Uh I I would say
it's like every four months or so like
it's going to be something
drastic. It's pretty pretty fun. But
like if you're away for a little bit of
time and then come back and people are
doing something differently, it's going
to you're going to be losing in the
beginning and it's going to take time
until you figure it out. And then it
always leads to this one thing where
everybody's going to be doing it and
then people are going to be doing the
counter strategy to that like all the
time and then it's not going to be
working anymore and blah blah blah. So
it's like a it's kind of a fun uh fun uh
journey I guess. Uh but uh but yeah,
like uh I think it's important to just
stay present and and uh try to play as
much as possible because that way you're
going to be uh comfortable and uh
confident in what's happening on the
tables and uh going to be able to
execute well.
So what do you feel like is the is the
current meta of online poker?
Uh the current meta is still going to be
going to have to be like the small tree
bets like uh uh the way solvers are
playing is like avoiding uh to be uh
post flop pretty much in ICM because uh
postlop in ICM there's there's like a
added premium. So, you're going to try
to win your chips post uh like pre flop,
but then it uh you know, it's uh
creating this situation where people
don't understand why the small tree bet
is happening or misapplying it in a way
where you know now out of position can
always call you and or they're not
calling you enough because you made a
small tree bet or misunderstanding the
payoff structure and like doing it in a
wrong way. like there is a super fine
line and it's very very hard to execute
to like um properly like even the very
best players uh like um it's it's going
to be very hard to execute but yeah
that's the current meta um apart from
that I wouldn't think there is much but
yeah you mentioned that like metas
usually evolve by countering the current
meta so knowing this meta what can can
we predict the next
I I think that's that's a hard question.
I I don't have a good idea in my head.
Uh I guess we're going to have to see
like Yeah, this this current is very
very just
clicky click. It's going to be even more
clicky. Yeah. I mean, I don't know.
People are already like, you know,
either that, right? We talked about it.
either you fight that with more of the
same so it goes more clicky or we go and
we start limping in the first place you
know. Yeah. Example like last week in
Talin uh my two good friends Otto and T
were playing a four bet pot 12 big
blinds effective like it's just [ __ ]
yeah it's silly stuff you
know it's it's it's just that's poker.
It feels like we're back in uh like
2006, but I mean I don't actually know
what what it was like back then because
I was 5 years old. But um but I've heard
that it was good stuff going on back
then. There was a lot of clicking. I
mean, I was a little bit later, but uh
I'm not that old. Uh but there was a
significant amount of clicking uh
clicking going up. Uh, I wanted to touch
a little bit on uh on uh like routines
and how you improve as a player because
you know the way you show up daily that
kind of determines how far you get into
this game. You've gone pretty far
yourself. What does a typical week in
the life for you look like in terms of
improving? So you mentioned for example
I think you heard I heard you mentioned
the word study probably four or five
times now. How does that look like in
terms of your your daily routines? How
do you how do you study and how do you
uh divide your time between studying and
playing?
So, uh, funnily I actually, um, I might
have like I think I have a handful of
just study days in the month, but I
mean, these days, I guess I have more,
but I still enjoy to, you know, maybe
just do 30 minutes before or or
sometimes even 1 hour after if I end my
session earlier. like uh I kind of enjoy
to take it in a flow state where I'm not
going to ever sit at the computer for
like 6 hours and just do studying like I
think that would be boring. Then again
like I enjoy doing kind of effective or
study for like 30 minutes or whatever
and uh the way I get better is I just
save the spots that are tough for me and
then I uh find solutions. So then at
least my game is going to be in a way
where I don't feel, you know, I might be
have making mistakes, but uh I'm going
to feel like uh I know what to do in
each spot if I start to, you know, plug
these spots that feel hard for myself.
What for you has been the most effective
way to to improve as a player?
Um, talking hand histories with friends
probably like getting a different output
and uh being able to, you know,
uh, say arguments for why this spot
should be played in otherwise and like
having a conversation about the hand
that and into addition of looking at
theoretical
outputs. Of often these things go hand
by hand, right? You have the hand
history and then you both look at the
output. You try to interpret the output.
You try to both kind of mix in your
experience. How does a good way of
talking about a hand look? Because you
know there's there's Discord communities
where they say full pre you know that's
end of discussion for example. Yeah.
What like what do you think is vital to
making uh a hand history review worth
your time? I mean, you just have to be
like uh open-minded and
uh you have to kind
of realize that, you know, if if the guy
is going to say, you know, fall pre then
maybe it's not a good guy to talk
candies with if he's going to have like
this kind of attitude towards you. Like,
uh there needs to be kind of a there
needs to be a good chemistry. It's a bit
like yeah it's it's it's like some other
areas in life like you need to find a
find a person or a group where you enjoy
sharing your hands and um enjoy
listening to their outputs and think
you're improving by listening and the
stuff that they're saying is working and
you know stuff like this. So like
perspective is is always is uh is almost
always good.
Um, I guess like uh yeah, so something
like fall pre is just going to be not
not going to help you at all and it's
going to be negative energy. Then then
next time you're in that same spot,
you're going to feel clueless again and
then you're like, well, I should have
fallen pre. No, I like or why am I still
here or something like this, you know? I
feel like also people can get a bit too
defensive sometimes about their hand. I
feel like it's it's sometimes you want
to listen to a person taking in their
advice, right? And trying to understand
people's perspective instead of
listening already to kind of defend your
own play like, "Hey guys, what do you
think about this?" But then basically
you post it already with like full on,
you know, you got the bazooka with you
trying to defend your point. Yeah,
exactly. And um then there's I also
remember from my career I think the
style I play is sometimes hard to
explain and uh even looking at it uh but
I would still say
like there's a reason why I think it
works and there's some stuff at least I
think I do well. So you know I don't
think I should massively change like I
think there is ways I can get much
better but sometimes you know uh uh it's
it's like getting like how how to get
the most out of a out of a person and uh
out or like uh what they're saying
without taking it with full criticism
but also like being able to say it in a
way. So, I feel like I I probably
wouldn't be perfectly compatible with a
player who's going to have very super
super strong opinion because we're just
going to end up having our own opinion
and not really balance it out. But I'm
more more so going to work well with the
person who are going to be a little bit
more open-minded and and uh going to
have also own thoughts and they're going
to say how they would play the
situation. And I I think that's always a
better best way of like also how you
should discuss a hand history is you
just send your friend a hand and
sometimes you put thoughts before the
hand but sometimes you just ask hey how
would you play this and then you get a
full unfiltered answer of how how they
would play. I mean sometimes I like to
even when I have super tough spots I
like to blur out like the hand so people
don't know the what's happened in the
hand like has he had a bluff? has he,
you know, folded the river or whatever
because, uh, I I for sure see it a lot
where people are resultsoriented and and
it's very easy to do when you're looking
at a hand history like something can be
there's a fine line of something being
stupid or genius, you know. Yeah, I like
that. Definitely not showing the the
results or I might sometimes even ask
like I would just put almost remove my
cards to say, "Hey, what would you do
with the like not necessarily the hand,
what what would you do with this part of
your range or what would you do with
this hand?" And this hand I think would
be very interesting. Right? So not only
looking at the actual hand that you
played but if you look at if you're
trying to improve right and if you're
curious also you can play a hand and
your extra hands might not be
interesting but a different part of your
range is actually interesting right. Um
a lot of players you know they they want
to improve but there's so much to
improve on. Uh how do you determine what
to work on and in which area you should
uh you should improve?
Um, I think like the the areas that you
struggle the most with and then
obviously like the deeper the tournament
gets, the more your decisions are uh
going to net money or lose money. Uh, so
I mean from a financial point of view
probably smartest to mainly focus on
when the tournaments get deeper, but
then you also need a good baseline
strategy to um get there and you need to
be able to play the early levels well so
you're not just getting run over. So, uh
it's a big puzzle and uh the all the
pieces are somewhere and you just need
to find the pieces and uh try to build
that
picture. You mentioned there that
there's like a difference between a
baseline to get there and then obviously
in the end is where it's more important,
right? Higher EV spots, pre flop, ICM.
When you say baseline, I think you also
I heard you mention in the beginning
that something should take a whole study
day or like you reserve that. When you
talk about baseline, you're talking
about develop like a strategy
development because we can study in
terms of, you know, the reviewing hands
or going at a specific spot. But when
you say baseline, do you mean like the
process of like actual strategy
building? Like what's my overall
strategy going to be in this situation?
Yeah, I I think I mean just the like the
very ABC strategy or you're not going to
be deviating much. um you're just going
to play like kind of simple poker, you
know, the kind of poker where you would
be a winner in a €5 home game, you know?
That's what I would consider like a
baseline. Like you're not going to play
stupid hands pre flop. You're going to
realize what some of some like uh
profitable shs are going to be pre flop
and like some very basic stuff and then
you can just kind of start uh improving
from that sense. And obviously poker is
a game of information. So, uh, the more
you know, um, the better you're going to
be. And, uh, yeah.
How do you identify, uh, and fix leaks
in your game? You mentioned like
something that I'm not something that
you're not strong at. Uh, how do you
identify what you're not strong at? Is
it purely a feeling like, hey, I don't
really know what to do here? Do you
analyze your data, look for leaks? How
does that process look like for you? Um
it's um so I I actually took a while
before I even started to look at my own
uh my own uh stats, but I I do think
these days it's a very uh val valuable
tool to see how I can improve my win
rates uh and uh see what I'm doing well
and what I'm not doing well. Um, apart
from that, I think also kind of
uh you can look at your results and I'm
I pretty actively tried to look at my
results and how I realized I wasn't so
great in vanillaas was I mean first I
was realizing that maybe it's just
variance and then I l take took a deeper
look and uh like really started to
bracket kind of the tournaments I was
winning in and the tournaments I was
losing in and then started to work work
if there is like deeper issues in app.
Uh, and I think I'm pretty decent at
being like open-minded, even though I'm
stubborn. I think it's uh, cool for
myself to, you know, uh, I'm I'm very
open to when I find something that then
I'm going to be like, you know, I want
to get better at this. And then once I
see that, you know, I'm going to put
everything I have into again, uh, try to
gain as much information and get as much
better uh, in that uh, area as possible.
What's the era of your game that you've
been focusing on uh recently?
So, it's uh like the the boring stupid
uh I was going to say [ __ ] but I'm
not but uh look at this podcast, man. We
have no problem with that. Yeah, the 15
big blind average, you know, pre flop,
20 big line average, pre flop, different
like uh vanilla payout structure. Uh
just pre flop stuff. I would just love
to play more poker, but you know,
sometimes you have to be really sharp in
the other areas as well. Um, and I still
enjoy looking at it, but you know, I
just I just love kind of battling and
doing stuff and, you know, once you're
deep and there's ICM considerations, you
know, you're you're just likely going to
be losing your opponents and your money
when you're try to uh play the big pots
and getting to the big leveling wars.
It kind of removes in a sense it removes
the freedom that poker has I think for
me at least.
Yeah to to I understand what you mean
with that. Like
also like there's obviously the
restrictions that you know for example
ICM and a lot of other things in
tournaments kind of put on you certain
stack size you're often handcuffed and
then there's also the better or the more
solid your opponents start to play the
more GTO their strategy is at some point
there's like oh okay I guess I just
answer with GTO as well because you know
so it's I understand what you mean while
luckily in MTTS especially I think
there's still you know so much room
there's so much variables how do you for
example you mentioned that you were
studying 15 BBB, 20BB. Now, I don't
assume you're on uh how much is this
1,700 22 flops or something for for all
scenario. How can we what are like some
study tips that you have and things that
you've been implementing to make it a
bit more what's the word is graspable a
word if not invented? I don't know. Um
what I what I've like to do to improve
is also like uh I've been focusing still
also a lot on the vanilla FDs as well.
especially the higher buyins and see how
people are playing spots and then I I've
also liked to save other people's spots
and uh discuss them and uh look what
Fury would do in these spots and and
yeah it gives you good uh input of what
people are doing and if if it's correct
or not or um just also kind of
um in instead of just having my own
hands from those spots I've tried to
gain more interesting uh for myself
interesting kind of uh information that
I'm going to be able to also also
basically bumped up the volume uh just
in this department and that's going to
give me more uh more study material uh
I'm going to be more able to uh work
more in that part of my game.
What do you think is often underrated or
overlooked way players can uh increase
their EV?
Um probably just playing getting a like
feel for how the player pool is playing.
Like
uh sometimes playing the theoretical way
is not the highest TV one. Uh I mean
obviously still if you play uh complete
GTO then yeah you're going to be the
biggest winner.
But there is like nice ways to uh get a
sense of how the pool is playing and
what is good versus a pool, which is I
think really important as a player,
especially if you like to grind a lot
and um and also developing reads and
uh feelings for your opponents and how
to uh kind of how to exploit them and
this kind of stuff.
Yeah, people often, you know, just like
yourself, right, you use a lot of
solvers, outputs. That's kind of the
main way to study. But what people often
struggle with, it's like, okay, we have
GTO, but we also know that there are
population, right? Oh, there they have
leaks here. Kind of find that balance,
right, between GTO and exploitive play.
What's the best way to to kind of
translate the hours that you spent in a
solver towards actual making dollars EV
at the tables? How can people bridge the
gap? Go from, okay, I looked at the
solver and now I make a play at the
table. How do people bridge the gap and
find the right balance between the
two? Good question. I think there is a
lot of different people. Um, for some
people it's very hard.
Uh I know examples where people have
been very super super good theoretically
but then they all all the time ended up
making the correct theoretical play
versus the for example the theoretical
bluff versus the guy who wouldn't fold
or jammed the theoretical combo versus
the guy who wasn't bluffing or stuff
like this. And then uh what helped these
guys was al always like the
understanding that there is kind of a
flip side of the coin which is that uh
you're playing versus humans and not
robots and um and and and you need to be
kind of accept uh more accepting of the
of the of the fact that yeah how your
opponents play and uh what their
strategies look like. Has there been a
period in in your career where you feel
like you maybe went too much down the
solver and theory route? Right? If you
put a lot of if you put a lot of work
into solvers, it's very easy to get
stuck into the what would the solver do
type of mindset and then you kind of
forget to gather valuable information
like you said that this guy is a big
station, maybe we shouldn't bluff him.
Very basic poker. But if you put too
much time to solver, you can sometimes
forget that and you're just go what
would the solver do? What would the
solver do? Has there been a time where
kind of the solver hurt your game in a
way?
I wouldn't say because I was never like
really the major major solver guy, but I
do think there was a time when I tried
to have I was trying to play a strategy
when
uh when when it would be like pretty
much unexploitable.
uh where I will try to have like uh good
flop strategies where if you look at my
database or um like this if you look
there would be no way to kind of exploit
my flop strategies or my turn strategies
or my reverse strategies. And then at
some point I realized like uh it's
important to have that uh versus the
players who are uh good enough to um um
good enough to exploit you if you play
in a different way. But then it's also
important to be able to deviate versus a
player who's not going to be able to uh
exploit you even if you deviate.
I feel like the most important thing to
always have top of mind in every hand
that you play is the f literally the
first data point you have to think about
who am I playing against because who
you're playing against that will
determine where in like in which height
you have to think right in the past they
used to call it leveling right is he
thinking level one two three well how
GTO is my opponent really right well
he's pretty pretty damn damn GTO well
then let's also try to play pretty damn
GTO right GTO considerations will uh
will matter but if like you said, "This
guy has a clear profile, then we
probably want to
play a strategy that plays into the
profile, right? Because he gave us a
certain
incentive." How did you then recalibrate
and what do you feel like is currently
the sweet spot for you? Uh I think it
was just kind of experience and uh lot
again a lot of trial and error and then
realizing that maybe you know the way I
was playing is not the highest EV even
though it's still good EV and uh kind of
learning that there is no real
boundaries in poker and there is the
freedom you're able to do uh whatever
you like in a certain situation and
that's kind of the beauty of the game
and I don't think you should like
handcuff you to one sizing or one
solution. Um, but if you if you get like
an idea in the middle of their hand,
you're not going to be afraid to execute
it if you think it's going to be
good. I really like that. Actually, one
thing that I dislike about people who I
think this is more true in cash where
you talked about like your baseline
building your baseline strategy, but you
talked it as like just a fundamental
from there you start to play poker kind
of that that's how I interpret it. But
what I what I often see happening in in
cash game at least that people build a
strategy and then they execute their
strategy and that's it. That's kind of
where where poker ends. But then where
is the where's the problem solving in
game, right? Where is the deviating in
game? You build this fundament to make
sure that you know if you're fatigued or
you know if you're playing your C game
that at least the default where you fall
back on is pretty decent, right? But
from the main thing from now we can
actually start playing poker, right?
Yeah. Exactly. That's like the that's
the nice part about it. Uh as I've said
previously, for me, poker is just like
there's so much to learn and so much
information out there. It's just about
knowing the information that you can
then uh you know, execute nice stuff uh
in game. That's why I also enjoy light
poker more these days is because uh I
mean
even okay like it's still hard for me to
know exactly how many stacks and
remember like how many blinds everybody
uh on an 8-handed table for example has.
So there is like stuff how I'm not able
to do it fully in the way which I would
like but it's still so nice to be able
to just you know play one hand or look
at like when two two adult people two
other people are playing a hand and see
like okay what should this guy's flop
strategy look like or what should this
guy's turn strategy what are his reasons
for deviating ah okay it's probably this
one and then you see and then you see
what sizings they're doing and it makes
makes the game more fun for you and
there like so much freedom and uh uh
like you're open to do a bunch of
different stuff and uh you're not really
handcuffed to anything. Uh so you're
kind of yeah, you just have your own
path and you just can figure out what
works for you and kind of go from there.
Yeah, you're looking at the game looking
for opportunities, right, and
possibilities. Also in a solver, you can
also look study solvers in a way that
you can look at that or you can look at
it and see it more as like limitations,
right? like, "Oh, no, no, I only have to
do this or now we can only do this."
It's very depressing, right? I put it on
a depressing voice just to make it sound
crap. Uh, but you know, like we I I I
feel what's the nicest thing about
learning solver is that you learn about
what's correct and then we can learn
about, hey, they're not doing that. So
then what is the opportunity, right?
That's what gets you excited about it.
Yeah. Exactly. And then funnily enough,
like that's the correct theoretical
answer as well.
Can you maybe provide an example of
where you uh clearly provide pro clearly
uh prefer to take a more exploitive
approach and maybe a situation where you
clearly prefer to stick to more let's
say quotequote GTL?
Well, for example, live poker. Uh you're
playing versus uh the rich rich old guy
who's playing a tight range and doesn't
like to fold. Uh I'm the young uh
Finnish guy, you know, it's probably not
smart for me to pull any kind of triple
barrel bluff versus him. So I would just
have main I mean depends on the
situation, but mostly it's smart to have
value in this kind of spot when you're
playing versus this kind of player
profile. So uh I think it's a very like
quick answer. Uh
yeah, the Navies I think will have a
lower river bet success on average. I'm
not Scandinavian. I'm I'm I'm from the
Netherlands. But sometimes that could
get confused. So I kind of I kind of
also fall victim to that. That's very
annoying if you play like Yeah. It's
it's like, oh, well, you're from Denmark
and No, no, no. I'm from the
Netherlands. You can I'm not scandy, you
know. Yeah. Uh what are uh you already
mentioned obviously live you can see
you're at the table, right? That helps.
What are other tendencies, tells or
pieces information you like to look for
uh to make uh deviations?
[Music]
Um well I'm I'm I'm deep into like the
psychological aspect of online poker as
well. So I mean I I enjoy uh timing
tells sizing tells or or looking looking
for all the information I can get pretty
much in hand. And I think there is so
much more than people think uh think
like there people think that it's not
possible to make uh certain kind of
reads uh in online poker but I I would
say that uh and a lot of people agree
also that yeah it's it's very doable
just with like certain timings and c
certain sizings and tendencies and
history of with this player and there's
so much more that goes to it than just
the normal hand. And I think that's what
really makes poker beautiful is that
like you can play one spot uh but you're
never going to play that spot the same.
It's always going to be like slightly
different stage of the tournament or
different opponent or you know whatever.
So so I think it's like the fact how
unique poker actually is is what like
drives uh what makes it so interesting
for me. like you're never going to have
the same spot
again if if you're willing to look at it
that way.
Yeah, I have seen and also made myself
some extreme adjustments over over the
years that I've played poker. Can you
maybe share a time where you picked up
on a piece of information, some things
that you just mentioned, maybe extreme
sizing, timing, um, or an extreme in
general extreme tendency of your
opponent that led you to make a very big
exploitative adjustment? What what what
situation comes up to your mind where
like, oh wow, that was a very very very
big adjustment that I made.
Um, I don't I don't have like a specific
cand.
I'm sure there is there is some
somewhere but yeah I I think it's it's
been uh important important throughout
my career and uh um yeah trying to look
for all the information that you have
during a hand is just it's just very
important especially when when you're
for example playing that one last table
it's like uh good opportunity to for
example not watch YouTube or whatever
being on your phone but just actually
look for actively light try to look
what's happening around the table also
even though it can be boring you know uh
but it's it's information that can help
um I mean actually I I have a I have a
good example now that I think about it
the 25k guy was playing in talin uh I
was playing the the day one with one
recreational the whole day and uh that
was one spot where so he never bluffed
the river uh but one spot where he bet
the turn for 33% % uh and then he
basically checked back the river and
mocked. So he was essentially bluffing.
Um and he was also using larger flop
sizes. So none of this 33 or 25% he was
almost always betting 50%. And then I
got a spot versus him on the final table
on like the bubble where eight left six
spade uh where he was the covering stack
and uh it led to me like he bet 25 or
20% on the flop and then he barreled for
33%. Uh and it led me to make a decently
big over call on the turn uh which and
then I faced a snapish check back on the
river and uh I was good. So uh you know
if I was not paying attention the whole
first day I I would have folded the turn
and um those chips are so valuable at
that stage of the tournament. So yeah I
mean it's a small thing but it can be
really major in the last part.
I really like this and I feel like it
the overall team you know there's like
curiosity right towards trying to find
the correct play. There is looking at
the possibilities. There's uh yeah, just
just just a level of excitement that I
even get when when when when we talk and
hear how you're approaching poker,
right? Look at it uh with the endless
possibilities that it offers if you're
willing to look at it that way. So, I
hope that's uh that's a big takeaway
from the audience. I want to want to uh
want to touch a little bit on maybe some
tips for our audience. If you were
coaching like a struggling low to mid6
player and let's say you had three
sessions to help him improve, what key
areas would you focus on?
Um so first I would I would want to know
more about this person and just kind of
understand how he's how he's thinking
about the game and thinking about
different spots because that's the first
big thing like uh if if he's thinking in
a certain way there might be easy easy
leaks to fix in that sense. Um then
another another part would be just
purely trying to um find some
theoretical theoretical stuff that might
be going or or deviations that uh why
something is not working and uh uh yeah
I would I would try to kind of get more
get to know this person more and and and
then try to uh figure out how he's
thinking and uh maybe share some of my
own thoughts and what are important for
when I'm playing a session and uh um
some of the stuff which I do which is
working and uh yeah then hopefully this
would give like a good fundamental to
moving on and uh and have that little
bit extra confidence or or have like
some more knowledge to execute better
the next time.
Adam, you have done many many many hours
of coaching or like uh from a mental
game a performance perspective like uh
tips that you give low midstakes players
who are struggling. Remember you only
got three sessions. What are the key
areas that you're going to focus
on? Yes. So similar to Casemir's
response of first of all understand the
player. What are their negic problems?
Often a lot of players are going to run
into some sort of mindset issues often
around dealing with variance, dealing
with losing and the emotional side that
comes with that especially if you're a
low stakes player trying to get to that
next level. There's often a lot of inner
turmoil that you're having to experience
and go through to perform at your best.
So it's often removing the kind of
lowest hanging fruit that's impacting
performance. Get them to understand what
leaks they're having from a perspective
and how to fix them. Then there's all
the habits, routines, and things that go
into the performance category. How do
you get this player to perform at their
best? What's in the way of them
performing the best? As Casm has
mentioned, preparation that he dials in
very good. Most players don't. So they
they prepare very badly and they don't
understand what high performance looks
like. So there's a lot of things to
unravel. I think it's very hard to go
what are the three things because I do
every session I have with a player the
first 20 minutes is tell me about
yourself. Tell me what you're struggling
with and trying to pick apart where
they're going wrong. But definitely
dealing with the losing emotional sides
and then learn how to perform their best
are the two kind of categories where
most conversations will segue into into
branches that that spark from there.
See, I'm curious to know for you Casmir,
what do you think is important for
yourself when it comes to being a high
performer? What are what are some things
that go into you making sure you can
perform your best consistently?
Um so I think as I said it's uh good
sleep uh and uh that requires a good
lifestyle. So try to eat as healthy as
possible, try to drink as little as
possible and uh I think those are like
the first three things that uh is going
to be a huge impact already. Um so I'm
actually really excited now to go to
Canada. I'm basically going to go only
for grinding. And uh uh I was in Costa
Rica last year, pretty much the same
time zone. And how energized you feel
when you get to go to bed at 10:00 and
wake up at 6:00 in the morning. It's
like so insane. So, uh yeah. I mean, for
me, it's like so exciting to try that
part again. And and uh maybe I'm going
to try to um grind from there more uh
more like um uh more consistently.
Yeah, it sounds like for you schedule is
very important and routine and being on
a good routine works really well for you
and it feels like yeah this limitations
sometimes in Europe with the nighttime
grinds. How much do you think that plays
a role in terms of your ability to
perform at your best? Let's say for
example you're in Finland and
tournaments are finishing at 3 4 in the
morning. How challenging is it on a
personal level to perform at your best
when it's really late at night and
you've been up all day?
Um so I would say it's it's very hard
like there is going to be um I think
like 20% of my sessions are going to be
once I like in some some sense struggle
with maybe even more. Um they're going
to be some moments like it might take
longer for me to get into the zone but
then once I'm there then it's fine. Like
thankfully almost always when a
tournament goes deep I I'm going to be
in the kind of the deep state of focus
like even though if I'm not prepared the
best and uh but I think especially the
most important part is for me the hour
three four mark when uh you might start
to lose few of the key all-ins and uh
bust few of the exciting tournaments and
then you have like for example on a
normal day Tuesday or Wednesday then
you're going to have few of the lower
ones and if you just, you know, don't
care about those as much or you just
kind of want to bust them and go to bed
or whatever, then uh then you're going
to be losing a lot of money long term
and a lot of EV. So, uh um for me, the
preparation kind of means or or what it
means for me is the to be able to play
like every tournament as unique and uh
and and try to focus even in the spots
where things are not going my way. and
uh yeah try to execute at the best
possible level.
What do you do in those moments when you
notice you're in a rut? Let's say it's
that 3 4 hour mark on a Tuesday. Nothing
exciting happening. You're busting out a
lot. How do you kind of navigate those
challenging hours? So,
uh first thing I do is uh I I stop
reging. If I have some of the stuff I
would normally play, uh not worth it. Uh
shouldn't play any more tournaments at
that moment. And then it's going to be
actively trying to uh focus even more in
depth into those tournaments that I have
on my screen because if you don't then
uh yeah, it's you're just going to make
uh slightly too wide of a call or you're
just going to make like a too thin of a
bluff or or you're just kind of actively
getting into the state where you don't
mind busting a tournament, which I
actually see a lot of really good
players still having these days. I mean,
also me from time to time, but it's a
really big league to get into the state
where you don't mind busting a
tournament. Like, you should never feel
like that. And if you do, then that
means something has gone wrong
somewhere. So, um yeah, I guess uh what
I'm trying to do is is actively try to
um kind of find the solutions of how I
uh figure out how it's not happening
during the session. And for me, most
important thing is sleep for sure. So if
I sleep badly then uh I know it's going
to happen just because I'm tired you
know uh it's a very natural thing you
I'm not going to uh be playing my
greatest anyways but uh I'm going to be
more frustrated more easily because I'm
tired. It's very natural reaction.
You mentioned actively focusing more.
How do you get yourself to do that?
because I think this is an overlooked
part of focus where people just expect
focus to be there at a high level. But
when you've lost focus for you, how do
you re-engage yourself to focus more
intently? So, I mean, I'm just forcing
myself not to do anything on the side.
Um, I'm not going to be on my phone. I'm
not going to open my Discord. I'm not
going to do this stuff and I'm just
going to sit there and uh see that when
I get a spot, I'm going to be like uh
ready to play that one. And uh yeah,
it's a really basic answer, but but uh
just not having any distractions when uh
when if I have those distractions, then
I'm for sure going to play the spot
worse when it comes
up. Yeah. So it sounds like a narrowing
down of focus, removing distractions,
maybe going deeper into the spots you're
playing. Yeah, I think a lot a lot of
focus is about that, like almost like
channeling in that direction of
attention to something more specific and
something smaller often to to regain
focus. So I want ask some reflecting
questions now for you because you've had
a very let's call it short is but you
may not think so short a very um fast
rising career. So I want to know for you
some of the kind of secrets that kind of
rise. So why do you think you've been
able to make it to the higher stakes and
let's call it two or three years where
many players get stuck for a lot longer?
What's been the key to your fast
success?
um running really good in the higher
stuff at very early like no secret like
first 1k I played you know really good
stuff I think first few 500s I played
really good results that gives you the
boost that you need kind of uh like I
ran extremely well in the beginning
um so I mean that's for sure the thing
but I mean uh yeah it was never really
about the money it was kind of the
passion I had for the game so if you
going to feel stressed about needing to
get there to that stage and you not
enjoy the process then you know it's
going to be more miserable for you uh in
the first place and I guess I had also
had uh uh the fortunate situation of
like not needing to pay my own rent or
doing this because I still had my lived
at my parents which might not be the
case for everyone um but still try to
structurize it in a way where you're not
feeling additional pressure because
poker is so stressful in the beginning
already. So, kind of just try to be in a
place where you're able to um grind and
enjoy the journey and uh embrace it.
Very humble answer. I feel like if it
was just a run good, you'd have lost it
back very quickly. Uh but it feels like
I know what you said in terms of the
right timing. You got some good results
at a good time which kind of created a
catalyst moment to to move faster
through the levels. Maybe you would have
got the same level just a bit slower if
you had a worse results or as you guys
mentioned at the start of the
conversation maybe one of those guys who
dropped out if it went super bad. Yeah,
I do think there's a a lot of moving
parts there. So for you, what do you
think is the most important lesson
you've learned so far in your career?
[Music]
Probably the fact that you can do
everything right sometimes and you're
still not going to get the results you
wanted. Applies for life life as well.
like uh um you just kind of need to
understand that there is always a lot of
moving parts and it's not going to go
your way all the time. And uh um you
just need to be open and kind of learn
learn your learn like yourself and uh
try to try to kind of be ready for not
not disaster but ready for mistakes and
and and also like uh almost be happy
when you make a mistake because that's
an opportunity to not make the same
mistake again.
Few questions on that one. How do you
make sure that you do learn from
mistakes and that it becomes a moment to
improve your game rather than just a
reinforcing of a bad habit? Um, yeah,
you just have to be open to yourself and
once you identify a mistake uh like like
really try to start to build um
different solutions of how to not make
that same mistake again. Um, and that
involves like studying the spot maybe or
talking about the spot or uh going deep
into your thoughts or uh thoughts of the
spot or why you're why you're doing this
kind of stuff and how can you like uh
build uh your thoughts in a different uh
different way of how you don't like make
the same mistake again?
Do you feel like you learn from mistakes
quite quickly?
Um I would say so. Yeah. Um, probably
faster than
most. I I would say like the key thing
is because I'm almost thinking of
mistakes as a good thing to happen
because it just gives you a opportunity
to not like make the same mistake again.
So, uh, yeah, I see mistakes more as an
opportunity as uh, as
like as a bad thing, you know.
I like that. Yeah. the labeling of a
mistake as a opportunity and a good
thing. If you can actually have that is
a kind of default then a mistake all of
a sudden doesn't create this kind of
tension. I think a lot of players use a
mistake to kind of blame themselves to
self sel self s self s self s self s
self s self s self s self s self s
self-t talk themselves in terms of I'm
an idiot why did I do that I should know
better when in reality mistakes just a
part of your game it showed you a part
you can improve on yeah I like that
label as a default that it's a good
thing I think that would be a if many
players could use that I'm sure it would
be very helpful for for dealing with
mistakes so for you we mentioned
confidence earlier in the conversation
and your approach to gaining confidence
as you're playing tougher and tougher
lineups what gives you confidence that
you have an edge in those
games. I think it's I think it's like
uh being able to play my own game and uh
and then also like being friendly with a
lot of these people and uh and know that
they they kind of value as a friend and
value you as a player you play versus.
And uh I think it's like a addition of a
lot of those things that you know gives
yourself the confidence that you need.
Then it also comes down to studying. Uh
but but you also need you also kind of
need some kind of
u extra extra thing other than just uh
studying I think which is at least going
to help you to uh feel like you're able
to perform in those lineups and and uh
not be afraid of uh doing what you think
is good.
If we had to create a package of the
traits needed to be a successful
tournament poker player, this can be a
tough question, but what would some of
those traits be in like in a package?
Um, should I say all all of which come
to my mind or do you have like certain
Okay. Um, I think first one is you're
going to you're going to have to love
the game. Uh, there is no other way
around around it. Then you're going to
have to be willing to put the put the
hours uh into the game.
then unfortunately uh you're going to
have to do some of the boring study part
as well. Um, I mean, you probably don't
even have to, but I feel like these days
it's probably essential because
uh, but like for example, probably 10 15
years ago, it wouldn't been mandatory.
Like you could have just played play
played and and done really well. And um,
I'm sure that's a lot of what a lot of
people did as well. But yeah, those are
first two things or first three things.
And um yeah then you then I would say if
like good balance good mental gain uh
and and and and like the balance
improves your mental game also and it's
going to be a way of coping with swings
like for example my last downswing you
know uh when I was talking to my parents
about it you know they were the ones
that kind of you know motivated me and
and I was very open about the money and
uh you know they are the ones that tell
me that you know it's going to be okay
and and and it's just the short part and
that's because also from the beginning I
told them that you know this is how
poker works and I I kind of was open
about the structure and they've been
there from all my swings and um and uh
yeah it's it's it's important in a
moment where you feel like uh you feel
like you're not doing something right or
you feel like you're you're like you're
losing all your confidence to have like
kind of those people or bridges built
that uh improve that. So yeah, like
having a good fundamental around people
around you uh friends or family uh to be
able to deal with the bad parts and and
also to be able to enjoy the uh nice uh
joyful moments of when you win something
or do well and like also comes down to
life. I think uh it's like uh good good
qualities to have and and apart from
that you
know yeah I would maybe maybe even say
overall healthy uh healthy lifestyle but
you know it's not needed you can be
super good poker player and be unhealthy
but I would I would still value being
healthy up there because I would think
the even the very best can could be
better if they would be more healthy.
Great. Yeah, that was a very complete
package deal. You did very well to get
all those out. So, you mentioned one of
those being a mental game and just
listening to you speak for the last
three hours. I've noticed a lot of good
mindset skills you've developed from
perspective to acceptance to reframing
mistakes as good things rather than
challenges your games. How have you
built your mental game? You had
mentioned a few things along the way,
but what have been some of the biggest
things you've done to develop a strong
mindset for poker?
Hm. So, my my mother is a psychologist,
so I think I've kind of gotten a lot of
traits from her. So, I've kind of always
uh been kind of It's not like I've
really developed many new skills. But
I'm kind of able to think of life in
perspective, which makes it like
comfortable for me and easy for me. So,
uh, I, as funny as it is, like I haven't
really worked too much on my mental
game, but I guess I just also understand
that, you know, the miserable parts are
part of the game and it's also part of
life. Like, you know, if you would be
happy all the time, then happy would be
your baseline and then, uh, you know,
you the the same happy moments wouldn't
be as happy as anymore. So, you know,
it's important to have both the unhappy
moments and uh perspective and uh that's
how you kind of get
the get the good good like
uh complete feeling I guess.
Yeah. I think with your mom being a
psychologist, you probably had lots of
different perspectives or ways of
thinking built into you from an early
age where it's become second nature into
how you think that most people wouldn't
be able to do. That's probably explained
why you you're able to do a lot of these
higher level mental game skills quite
well. Anything you remember learning
from your mom as a psychologist that you
feel has been helpful for your pork
career? I know this could be challenging
because there's a lot of things over
your childhood, but anything that comes
to mind in terms of oh that was what she
said there in this context actually
helps me as a poker player. Hm. Well,
she always had this one one thing she
said which is carpedm. Enjoy the moment.
Uh important thing for life, but also
for poker like uh when you're going into
a session, you have to enjoy it. Like
even if it's just a boring normal day
grind, like if you're not enjoying
playing, if you're not listening to the
music you want to listening at listen at
that point, uh if you just go into the
static I have to grind, if you're going
to go with that mindset, you're going to
play worse. Uh, and like, yeah, if you
if you enjoy uh if you enjoy the moment,
um, you're you're most likely going to
play better.
Which moments have been the most
enjoyable of your P career? And how do
you make sure you keep that enjoyment
for poker? Um, I think it's it's for
sure the highest of when, you know, um,
I remember winning my first live
tournament. This was amazing. remember
winning my first uh online tournament,
running down from the second floor to
the downward floor and telling my
parents that, "Hey, I just won a $1
tournament for $146." Like, and I was so
so so happy like uh yeah, I will never
forget these moments. And it's it's it's
all of the ups, you know, being uh being
fivehanded in a $3 tournament with 1k up
top and going 5:00 in the morning to the
balcony to get fresh air and looking at
the sky and like dialing yourself in uh
in really to the moment. Then last year
when I was like day five of the main uh
I was just listening to music. It was
almost like, you know, um I was going
into this big final uh final football
game, you know, uh I was doing all my
preparations the same thing as I would
do to like really and then when I'm
going there, uh I'm ready to, you know,
make the most of out of myself and uh
I'm going to try to perform and uh and I
feel like that's like the the yeah, it's
just kind of the enjoyment and the
journey which I really enjoy. uh and uh
high certain downs as well.
I love those stories and I feel like for
you a lot of the enjoyment comes from
that ability to perform at your best and
that kind of quest and that enjoyment of
trying to bring your best game to the
tables and you you you sound like you're
someone who can tap into that almost at
will when you need to. Do you feel like
that has been something you've had to
learn or have you always been able to uh
perform well in high stakes
environments? Has there been any
examples you can think of where that
that wasn't the case for you?
Um, I I feel like I've kind of always
been that way, but I mean there is there
is mistakes that uh I've made. I I used
to always be a really good penalty
shooter and then uh you know um we were
semi-finals in a big tournament. Uh I
think it was in Latia or something. Uh I
scored a really really nice penalty
versus Senate for us to advance to the
finals. Uh but it went like really in
the top corner and then uh uh I remember
like straight before the penalty
shootout because we went in the final
and we were playing the penalty uh
shootout again. Um we got or we got into
that situation and then one of my
friends told me before I was going to
shoot. He told me like uh yo yo you
should maybe not go so high as you did
last time because there's a risk it's
going to go like wide. And then I
remember shooting like such a poor
penalty just for the reason that I, you
know, I didn't want to miss it high. And
uh that's for sure a moment where I mean
uh the psych psychological aspect got
into me. But you know um it's all about
learning and knowing also like even in
that moment it's it's not necessarily my
fault, you know. Uh
um it it it's kind of you know we were
young and you should motivate everyone
like before you're there they're going
into this high pressure moment and uh
it's I mean it's the same thing in poker
like you don't want to near hear or you
don't want to get any big study advice
before you're going to go into a big FD
or whatever like you just what what I
always do if I have a like a horse or
someone uh I have action of and they're
playing a big spot I almost never give
them like any big advice because there's
a reason why they got that far and and I
try to push them and motivate them and
make them believe in theirel and uh
allow them to execute their own game uh
without like uh any any any other
thoughts that come in.
I blame your friend for that penalty
miss by the way you got in your head.
Yeah, but I should still should have
scored.
So with this in terms of being able to
perform at your best, we could just
gloss over that and say, okay, it's just
uh you're able to do it or you want, but
I feel there's a lot of kind of hidden
pieces that we could put together within
this. So that's your inner final table.
Often with that, you're going to have
more adrenaline. You're going to have
more cortisol for your body. You're
going to feel different physically.
Also, your mind's going to be more
active, either good or bad, but a bit
more dialed in. So for you, it feels
like this allows you to channel into a
very deep state. you mentioned going
into a zone of flow states for other
people that same those same feelings in
the body can overload them. They can end
up like too flustered almost anxious and
the same kind of chemicals in the body
they don't relate that to performance.
So for you let's talk a recent
experience you've had where you've been
able to bring your best game to a final
table. How does that feel differently
compared to the early stages of a
tournament?
I don't know.
Um, it's just something that kind of
happens naturally of like wanting to
make the the correct decisions when the
tournament is steeper and and you're
kind of forcing yourself to play the
best game, but it kind of just happens
naturally just for the element that you
once you're closer to the victory, you
really want to win like um I mean me
even mentally like if you're 50 left in
a tournament, you're probably not
thinking of winning it yet, but if
you're seven left, like you might start
to think that it's possible and and uh
and even that maybe in myself leads to
the way where I'm just like getting into
the zone where I'm actively doing stuff
that is going to in my opinion help me
to win the tournament. So, uh I wouldn't
say I'm creating the envir environment
where I'm thinking I'm going to win the
tournament, but I'm creating the
environment of everything I do is
helping me to get there and then I'm
open still to, you know, make mistakes
or whatever. But uh but I'm trying to
trying to kind of yeah work on every
spot a little bit more um in depth I
guess. How do you strike that balance
between self-belief that you're going to
win the tournaments and not forcing
things not like trying too hard to win
it because I know people listening to
this might think okay when I want to win
something I try harder I make things
happen. I make sure I am going after
things. So for you, how do you make sure
you're not forcing things? Um,
experience. I mean, for sure was a time
in my career when I tried a little bit
too hard to win every tournament. Uh, I
think it's part of the game. Uh, but
it's also like finding, you know, kind
of the balance in balance in things and
and not, you know, uh, yeah, not going
down the deep end. I guess it's very
hard to explain what I'm trying to say,
but but uh for me it's just trying to
execute my own game and like kind of
studying the uh studying what should
happen in a strategical environment and
then look at my opponents and if I have
reasons to deviate from what I think
should happen strategically
and you know then then I come to a
conclusion and I just play like every
spot I have in the into the best ability
that I that I have. But, you know, I'm
not going to try to push like the
margins to like super thin where where
it's like so easy to make mistakes. But,
I mean, sometimes, yes. But, you know,
uh that's not something I'm actively
trying to do to try to win the
tournament.
Yeah. It feels like you've found a way
to uh just go into this state of high
performance. You uh can optimize your
performance. You think really clearly.
You've got a clear game plan of what
you're doing. and it doesn't feel like
you overstepped that into trying to make
things happen for the wrong reasons. So
yeah, whatever way you've done to get to
that state, it feels like a lot of your
experiences have probably helped with
the football, the military, but also the
fact you love competition and it feels
like a lot of things come together for
you to almost excel in those fin table
environments where the players might
might crumble. So you mentioned with
Renee that you're quite stubborn. Um
what has been something that you've had
a hard time accepting that you're wrong
at in pocket?
probably some hands hands have played.
Uh it takes time. Um like in the
beginning it can feel like because I
because my opinions are always so strong
uh that it's like hard to maybe but it
also yeah I mean I wouldn't say it's
like these days as bad as it was like
ever. But I I do want like if I just ask
about an opinion and someone says like
yeah I don't think this is good. Then I
want to explain like uh well what do you
think? like I I I really really actively
try to get a big conversation out of it
because I feel like the arguments I'm
having is like pretty decent for that.
And then I guess what annoys me is you
know if if someone is just saying
something is not good and then not
giving me like the option of uh them
answering why I think this should
be I don't know if I answered the
question by the way like I I completely
sidetracked there. I guess I might this.
Yeah, you touched on why like how you
approach changing your mind which I
thought was pretty valuable and it feels
like for you, you have your own way of
thinking which is well thought out. So
for someone to push back on that they
can't just say your way is wrong. They
need a good counter arguments. They need
to conversationally speak it out with
you and go back and forth to almost like
a battle of ideas. Which idea actually
wins? Um yeah, I relate to that as It's
really annoying when someone just says
something, they disagree on something,
then you push them for further reasoning
and they kind of just throw it in your
face and go, you're just wrong. You're
like, well, tell me more like so I can
learn. So, yeah, it's kind of like you
you relate to that as well. And you you
like to have those conversations so you
can learn from it. So, it's like a
stubbornness, but also an open-minded.
So, it's like you're protecting your
viewpoint until someone can prove that
their viewpoint's stronger and then
you're open to hearing that. So, there's
a kind of balance between those two. Uh,
which I think is interesting. Renee, for
you, you've had a lot of poker ideas
over the years. Any that you've had to
say goodbye to which were a little bit
painful?
Um, for sure. Like at some, for example,
I'm definitely old school, right? I play
poker before solver. So when solvers
came in, there were definitely ideas
that I had before that I had to
recalibrate when solvers told me
otherwise. And in the beginning when the
solver said it was a classic one, but
that's a solver. that's GTO blah blah
blah and to be fair there were a lot of
a lot of things actually that I was
doing that was solver approved without
having seen the solvers uh but yeah
there was definitely some resistance in
some areas I would say another point
that
uh um that I've kind of accepted or that
you know I used to not really have a
baseline type of strategy right like
like like we talked about before I never
really liked to simplify the game. Um
but over the years I have started to
start to see the value of it. Um but
that was also just because in the times
when I was so obviously we approached
the game in a way that's optimal for a
certain environment, right? And the
environment right now is different than
the environment eight years ago, for
example. So it makes sense that I valued
things eight years ago differently than
things that I value nowadays, right? So
since nowadays as well if you for if you
for example compare population data five
years to now the numbers look way
different. So the ideal strategy and
your approach is also different. So
nowadays I've seen more value in
simplifying kind of your baseline
strategy. But as we talked earlier this
should not be the end because I
understand that this from that point it
allows you to perform it. that allows
you to gather more information because
your brain is no longer wasting time on
those ideas. Whereas in the past, I
would have a different strategy versus
every opponent. It was optimal at that
time because people had very big
leagues, right? And I was playing high
stakes, so the pool is way smaller. But
to give that then as a general advice
for everyone now listening, it's
probably not not the best advice, right?
Because their environment is different.
If you play 200 mil zoom, I would not
recommend you playing a different
strategy versus every single opponent
because the pool is quite big, right? So
then it's way better to uh to lay a
solid foundation. Uh I would say so
we've uh chatted for roughly three hours
Kasmir and we discussed a lot of great
things. What would you like the main
takeaway for our audience to be of the
conversation we had today?
Good question.
Um, I've I guess I've been in kind of
the flow state. I am at the final table,
so I don't really remember many of the
topics we've discussed. It's just kind
of been a um it's been a flow around and
it's been a good conversation. I've been
enjoying it. Um, don't know if there's
any main takeaways I would like to lift
up at this stage. I I hope every topic
was in somehow uh interesting and and
was a good good uh good time listening
to the podcast. I I had a good time
coming on. So,
great conversation, Casemir. Thank you
for dropping in and sharing your story.
Adam, main takeaways from today's
conversation.
Yeah, recurring theme for me was around
preparation and how much time and
intentionality he puts into making sure
he's ready to play his best poker every
time he sits down. He mentioned a lot of
lifestyle things. Get a good night's
sleep. make make sure he's in the right
frame of mind. He's even mentioned in
the future he's going to fly to Canada
or somewhere on a good time zone so he
can be on a better routine. But he it
feels like he takes a lot of
intentionality I would say is the words
around preparing so that he can perform
at his best. When he does that he feels
like it's quite consistent. He sits down
and he knows he's going to play well.
You he also see himself aware enough to
know when he's not playing well when
he's drifted out of his a game when he's
making mistakes. And for him, he had
some good solutions of lowering his
table count and actively refocusing,
actively trying harder. I think that's
often a underlooked part of performance
that sometimes you don't feel like it.
Sometimes you're in a bit of a rut and
you got to actively put more
intentionality into what you do to
perform better. Another one was
consistency. You mentioned a lot about
putting hours, putting study, showing up
over and over. No cheat codes, no fast
tracks to success, apart from a few run
goods and good spots. uh but mainly put
in a lot of consistent work and then
focus on performance was another theme
that I've wrote down a few times not so
much on results. I think for a
tournament player it's much more
impressive to have that mindset to focus
on performance and not the results when
on a daily basis there's just results in
your face of like trying to get final
tables trying to get big scores and for
him like he wants to win. So he's got
this need or this desire to want to win
but never for the money. It's always a
perform at his best and to your kind of
win for that kind of competition sake,
which is a very nice blend because I
know a lot of tournament players I work
with who get really caught up in final
tables in the payout structures and the
jumps and the the mind just going crazy
with the outcomes rather than
performance and they lose track of all
the things we talked about in this
conversation. And another one which was
a really good answer to uh what
successful traits do you need to be a
success poker player? And he answered
with, "Love the game, put your hours in,
study hard, have that balance with a
good mental game, and then being
healthy." I think those were a really
good summary of his kind of traits from
a mindset performance perspective, which
I thought were really beneficial. How
about for you, Rene? What the main
takeaways for you?
Scoop is harder than military training
and can get quite dark, right? And then
like the alignment of expectation uh
before going into it. I think that was
uh very valuable. Also, he talked a lot
about uh we didn't really talk about
actual DV, but you could I think he said
this was the last time that I grinded
four months of winter in Finland, right?
And he mentioned that he went to Costa
Rica and he's now going to Canada. So,
for certain series, maybe change your
location if you're in a suboptimal time
zone, right? He was now going to Canada,
Costa Rica. And he said just the energy
you have when you actually feel rested.
So doing that for like certain series if
you're online poker player and then also
he probably teams up with other guys you
know the Sharon apartment Sharon house I
feel I really feel like that is
uh a way that you can make a grind like
the scoop grind which is harder than
military training a little bit less hard
right maybe you can all pitch in and
swap with each other to reduce the
variance and make it like a team effort
I can really see you know it doesn't
have to be as park and as as brutal um
as as it would be if you're grinding
alone in Finland, right? So finding ways
I think that's very valuable advice. Um
throughout this conversation like they
said love for the game, I saw his
passion, his curiosity, therefore he
needed the result less, right? He said
Carpedium sure he wants to get there but
we talked earlier right about the impact
of luck but we concluded that it's about
longevity. If you do all the things that
guarantee longevity, you will be in the
situation where luck will finally fall
your way, right? So, it's a matter of
showing up until luck finally falls your
way. Um, and and then we also talked
about I asked him like how do you deal
with the whatifs, right? I remember he
had a very big flip not going his way. I
think it was like 500k EV. Um, and he
said, "How do you do it?" And then he
quickly switched perspectives. you say,
"Well, what if I didn't win, you know,
uh, that satellite right to the 1k that
that highlighted his career in the
beginning. What if, you know, he could
think of many what ifs." So, that ended
up making him feel very grateful of the
situation that he's in. So, that was
kind of the power of perspective, which
is, I think, a very good trait. Poker
technical wise, uh, a very important
skill, aggression. And he also touched
on if you spend too many hours in the
solver uh and if people try to play too
quotequote GTO, usually aggression is
kind of what starts lacking, right? It's
kind of the the pushing on those
exploits. Um so that was very important.
Also, we talked about how to deal with
aggression and he said there's either
two ways. Either you tighten up your
ranges pre flop and on the flop and then
you know it's easier to call down or you
go in the trenches. He was a big fan of
going in the trenches. The last thing
you want to do is start in the trenches
and then bill out halfway. Right? That's
what we concluded. that's something that
you should not be doing. The most
valuable way that he uh he improved was
discussing hand histories. And obviously
there's some solver inputs going in here
as well, right? Because they both go
over a solver while reviewing the hand.
Um and it's very important there to to
be open-minded and to be discussing
hands with players who kind of have the
same vision. I remember him saying
earlier in the conversation that what he
liked about poker is that many things
can be right, right? And it can be
approached in many ways. So it's very
important for him to do stratey with
someone who agrees with that who has
kind of the same value around poker. Um
another very interesting one where I
think I asked what is best piece of
advice that he ever was given was
focusing on the opinion of your close
circle as the attention that you get
from the people around you will come and
go with big beings that you make
especially in you know because it was a
young guy just coming to the scene. It
sounded like very valuable advice for
him at that moment.
Um, and last I wrote down about tracking
and analyzing your data. I think in
general also tracking and analyzing your
data gives you something else to measure
than results, right? You become more
processor oriented which will guarantee
longevity and if you stay in the game
long enough finally luck will come your
way. Pretty pretty interesting to think
about, right? And he also confirmed that
there are some there was there was like
the next line is out there but he just
didn't make it because you know the
first six months of his poker career he
ran on a on a 0.1% bad bad run luck and
therefore he just quit because poker is
no fun. Pretty crazy actually when you
think about it right that we all uh
everyone who made it in in in poker to a
certain degree if you're a professional
poker player right now you had moments
where you cashed in on that luck. Um
yeah great talk overall. Want to thank
our audience for tuning in. Remember, if
you want to have me and Adam have help
you make more progress in your pok
career, mechanispoker.com link down
below. A shout out to our sponsors, Coin
Poker, GTO Wizard. Go check them out. If
you like this episode, uh, hit that like
button. Leave your comments down below
with your main takeaways. Subscribe for
and put the notification bell on. I
think it is for the next episode which
will be very good as well I'm sure and I
will see you guys there.
[Music]