Kind: captions
Language: en
So I want to dive into uh the kind of
pros and cons of the travel you do. So
for you uh you've lived many places. I
think you've got a current base in
Japan, in Pandora, in Korea. How much
has your traveling been to optimize your
lifestyle and how much has been to uh
focus on work or work related projects?
You know the reason why I started
traveling in the first place, it is
because in 2012 the Spanish government
closed the market. Uh so you could not
compete against everyone around the
world. Uh so they created uh poker
stars. Uh platform and they also the the
tax authorities in in Spain at the time
they were uh unfairly pursuing actions
against poker players asking them for
way more money than what they ever made
because they were they didn't understand
the difference between
gross and and net income. So they they
they thought okay this guy have this
this Hundom mob website it says you want
millions where are the millions and and
their millions were not there you know
because those were gross gross uh
profits not net uh profits. Uh so a lot
of people uh got their life ruined by
that by by that
stupidity and and I learned that I could
not trust my government uh at that time
because if that stupidity was allowed to
happen. So for me uh going to new
countries as a professional poker player
poker was the key of the freedom for me.
uh going to new countries was the the
option I could take to remove myself
from uh my country so I would not have
any issue uh making
money. So first I I traveled to the UK.
I spent a year there making the
supernova with a friend I was living
with. He told me Thailand was great. He
had a great experience living in
Thailand. So, we moved to Thailand to
together uh with another friend and and
and then I moved to the Philippines. I
met a a Korean uh girl. I moved with her
later on to Australia uh before the
before they they closed the market too.
H Macau Life Poker
Japan. Oh, I heard this site called
Bodo. It has great action in 2K. I moved
to Canada. I open a bank account. I play
bo in Canada for a few months every
year. So I started making all these h
trips and going to different
countries complet being completely
honest with you that was not a good
decision for performance or for having a
good career. Uh having to travel is a
distraction. Having having to set up
your life in a place is not a good
thing. It's a huge distraction.
But life was more fun that way. If I had
to change, I mean, if I wanted to become
the number one poker player in the
world, would I repeat that? Probably
not. But what matters more if tomorrow I
go out and and a brick falls from a
ceiling of a random building and hits my
head and I'm dead. What matters the
most? The experiences. The experiences I
I had. Uh so for that reason
uh I I feel those things uh were a good
thing in general for my life. Uh but
those were those are risk you take you
need to make sure uh you can survive
that you can make enough money to pay
for that kind of lifestyle. It was just
going with the flow. I think at the time
I I was not thinking too much about this
is a performance choice. This is a a lif
lifestyle choice. And also I now that
I'm thinking about it, I think I was
looking for a new
home. I you know I felt okay Spain is
not my country anymore. I I know I'm not
going to ever going to come back to
Spain to live. So where do I live? Uh so
that was there. So I was actually
motivated too uh by that. I wanted to
find a place where I felt okay maybe
this is the place where I will live and
the first place I
felt that it it was Japan.
Yeah, I think that's an amazing part of
traveling trying to figure out where you
would like to base yourself if you are
looking for a new location especially
when you're young and you can live the
traveler lifestyle with a little bit um
less responsibilities so to speak. Yeah.
So you what about Japan felt like a fit
for you? Why do you feel like you
gravitated towards Japan? It's a kind
place. Everyone is kind. You know, in
Spain,
uh, it can happen. It doesn't mean it
doesn't need to happen, but it might
happen that somebody else for some
random reason ruins your
day, brings negativity in your life,
whatever it is, it might happen. Uh,
these things in Japan just don't happen.
It It's pretty much impossible. You go,
you take a train, it seems silent. There
is nobody there screaming. Uh the there
is not this uh homeless guy so doing
some random [ __ ] like in the streets of
Vancouver. Uh so uh Japan just feels
everything is fine, nice, everything is
super clean, food is food is delicious.
uh uh of course I I know now because my
my wife is Japanese that Japanese
culture puts a lot of pressure on
Japanese people on how to behave. So
there are c certain aspects of uh
Japanese culture that maybe I don't
fully agree with uh in a way but the
general style of how this society is
built h it works for me because I it it
it's just a place that is kind to me and
I can be left
alone and and just be super happy about
everything. Uh you know, you are not
going to see a
um it's very unlikely you're someone is
going to be unkind to you. Uh so that
makes this
place so nice, you know, and everywhere
else you go, you you're going to see
uh bad things around you, you know, like
okay, this country has a homeless
problem. Uh, this country is very dirty.
Uh, or or this country Australia is way
too far from Europe. Uh, 30 hour
airplanes. Okay. One time, not often,
please. Uh, so so you see the the the
good and the bad side of many places,
right? Thailand, Macau, these are good
places in some way, but places in in
other ways. Uh, Japan just has just has
a very good balance. Uh the issue issue
with Japan it is that coming as a
tourist is very expensive and the longer
I was here particularly in 2020
20 prices starting started to go very
high for rent and there are two uh
markets for renting an uh apartments. uh
one market for the residents, those who
have a blue car and are able to work in
the country and those who are just
tourists and I was just a tourist. Uh
so basically 85 90% of u the market for
renting it was not available for me
because I was not a resident. So those
who are tourists will have to pay for
rent 4K a month uh for a 60 square meter
apartment in Tokyo uh which is very
expensive. Uh so h I that motivated me
to buy a house in Tokyo so I could come
to a place that is mine uh fully mine
and I learned that it was it was
actually easy to buy property in Japan
and you could hire a company so they
receive your mail and you don't need to
do anything. They manage everything.
They put the bank account. You just send
money to the bank account and they
manage everything and everything is
fine. And you go through the process of
buying a house and all the system is
built for bad things not to happen. Uh
you know, you feel transparency. They
explain to you. So I have documents
about what's behind every wall of my
house. You know, uh those things don't
happen in other countries. So the is you
know Japanese seek perfection in a way
and maybe it it also
um translates to met expectations in a