Kind: captions
Language: en
How do you systematically approach
studying poker like from a engineer
mindset? Sure. Um, so like I said, I
like to deconstruct a topic. So for
example, what I do, I save all the handy
stories online where I have a question
where I'm not sure, right? And I put
them in categories and after a month I
look at which folder has the most handy
stories, right? If it's five bet spots
and I have one hand per year, I don't
really care. I'm not going to go into
that in in depth. But then there's BVB.
Maybe last month I had 20. Uh then I'm
like, okay, this is really a spot where
I have a lot of uncertainties. And so
I'm going to tackle BVB limpot. And
yeah, I really like to have a global
overview frequencies, then I go in
depth, strategies, then I go in depth,
simplifications, I look at exploits. And
so I'm basically gonna spend maybe two
weeks just doing BVB. Uh because I
really want to kind of finish that topic
before moving on.
So you kind of use your own uncertainty
in a spot as kind of a compass towards
what you have to put work in.
Yes. Uh I do either that or what I've
done. For example, we did a map with a
friend Kenny Hollard. Um we did a map of
what nodes impact the win rate and in in
in uh which fashion. So basically we had
three bet pots, PVB, single race pot,
you know, everything you can think of.
And then we took a big database and we
kind of looked, okay, three bet pots,
they involve that many big blind, you
know, over time. Uh BVB, that many big
blind on the flop, four like etc, etc.
Uh and then you cross that with the
frequency of the spots, right? Single
race spot, small putts, but very
frequent, blah blah blah. We crossed
everything and the answer was basically
how much does that node impact your win
rate? Is it a lot? Is it medium? Is it
not at all? Like I mentioned six big
pots. The pots are giant but it never
happens. So it doesn't impact your win
rate at all. Right? And so basically we
did that and then we just I just
prioritize. Okay, I'm just going to
tackle what impacts my win rate the
most. That's where I want to get really
good. Then I went second layer. What
impact the win rate the win rate like
you know in a medium fashion. Uh, and I
probably never got to the the small
stuff. No six back pots. No six pot. I'm
a fish. I mean, six back pot. Uh,
actually it's very similar. We we had a
podcast with with Patrick Howard and I
think we talked similar like in a
similar fashion and we talked about
textures, then we talked about mono
boards and then I asked him a question
about it. He said, "I don't know and I
don't care. It never happens." Yeah.
which which was a good answer like in in
cash games like I use a very very
similar approach frequency of spots pot
size what you mentioned like your own
skill level is definitely a variable to
take in consideration I think also the
skill level of your opponent is a very
interesting one so in general it's worth
putting more time into a spot where on
average the population leaks the most
because basically then your return of
investment of putting time in that spot
because you can come up with better
exploits you know there's more to gain
so there's like a couple of variables
here obviously in cash is a bit easier
because it's always the same. How do you
then measure in phases of the
tournament? Yeah. Yeah, that's
definitely complex. Um I think that was
a good analogy, a good example you gave.
For example, recently I started to work
way more on postrop ICM and that's kind
of a new topic. It's kind of a new world
uh that opened to us recently with
solvers being super fast and we can now
really study that part of the game
efficiently. Uh but that's clearly a
topic where if you would if you watch
streams even high stakes um you see
people doing a lot of stuff nobody knows
if it's good. And that's kind of what
you're mentioning, right? If you put 20
hours there, you're gonna become the
best ICM postal player in the world.
Honestly, like I'm oversimplifying, but
that's a little bit how it feels right
now. In one year, it's going to be
different, of course. Um so yeah that's
a good way to also I think direct or
study um or at least I think it's a
really rewarding one because like you
mentioned you you end up having a big
edge after 20 hours of study whereas if
you want to have a big edge in single
race part big blind you have to put you
know
100 I remember actually we also did a
podcast with with Jono and I think he he
mentioned 80% of his study is pre flop
and ICM because he says that's that's
like where where ref is going to be by
far the most frequent, right? And ICM is
going to have the biggest impact in
terms of on your win rate. Would you
would you say your your study ratio is
is similar? No, I don't think so. I
don't do so much pre flop. Um, and yeah,
I'm more of a post flop studier, if you
might say. Uh, I do ICM of course, so
maybe something like 20% pre flop,
um, 40%
ICM including post flop, and 40% post
flop GPV.
[Music]