Kind: captions
Language: en
This is no longer about maximizing win
rate. This is about protecting your
seat. Guys, we're talking about 40 to 50
BB per 100 win rates plus in games that
are 5 to 10x the size they would ever be
able to gain access to online. It
becomes immediately clear that like
protecting my seed access is of a higher
order of relevance than optimizing my
win rate. And it's not even close. Today
we will be chatting with high cash game
player and entrepreneur Nick Howard.
Nick was one of the pioneers for modern
MDA strategy, applying and coaching this
approach to poker at his CFB poker
detox. We've trained so many players,
probably thousands publicly, hundreds
privately, and the original model was a
losers only coaching for profits.
Actually, over the last few years, Nick
has stepped away from detox and refound
a love for the game, playing private
life highstakes cash games. We were
playing 400 800 no limit at that point
and I won 700,000 on the on the last
night. And I attribute a lot of the
momentum I picked up in that match to
during his time playing private. He
noticed a big opportunity to improve the
game's ecosystem and created a win-win
situation for everyone which laid the
foundation of his new company called
STAX. establish the future I'm trying to
create for poker in integrity, to make
it non-political, and to have the types
of conversations that need to be had,
and to hold the types of people
accountable who are not willing to face
the truth. I think that would be
something I would be proud
of. Thank you guys for tuning in to
what's going to be another great episode
of the Mechanics of Poker podcast. Quick
announcement. We have seats open for our
mechanics of poker coaching program. If
you want to work with me and Adam and
have us help you make more progress in
your poker career, you can apply using
the link down below or go over to
mechanicsofpoker.com. Without further
ado, guys, enjoy this episode. Nick,
many uh people know you as one of the
pioneers of modern MDA strategy and the
founder of Poker Detox. Over the past
few years, you've stepped away from the
online MDA world and entered the
complete opposite, the private cash game
scene, where I would imagine uh a
completely different set of skills uh is
required. And next to actively playing
in these games yourself, you've launched
a new company called STAX, which seems
to not just be another coaching brand,
but a full ecosystem designed to make
poker more sustainable, profitable, and
more fun for everyone involved. In the
end, we all want to have more fun. But,
uh, before we dive into all of that, I
want to do some reflecting on the on the
first seven years over at the Poker
Detox and some of the biggest lessons
uh, you've learned. You've coached uh,
probably thousands of players over at
Detox. What have you learned about the
real reasons why some succeed and others
don't?
The first thing that pops into my head
is something that my brother Patrick
coined. He came on around 2018 and and
he was the the moment where we really
started to I think revolutionize MDA.
Until then, we were bottlenecked and he
was able to sort of uh crack the code, I
would say, but he has this phrase, in
fact, I think he said this on your
podcast and it stuck with me. He said,
"The difference between a high performer
and everyone else is if you tell a high
performer he has a leak, you can count
on it not being there two weeks from
now." And I think it's a very simple
statement, but it probably is the
through line of every high performer
we've ever trained is they correct. They
self-correct faster. to the point where
I would even say you could define
intelligence as someone's ability to
respond differently to the same event.
And I think that is sort of like the
heart of what a high performer does. He
changes his response once he has
sufficient evidence that it's a leak in
this case. So that would be the first
thing that pops in my head in terms of
uh creating a distinction for high
performers. We've trained so many
players, probably thousands publicly,
hundreds privately, and the original
model was a losers only coaching for
profits. Actually, that was the first
flight. Probably my own hubris. I mean,
I wanted to try to prove concept in a
radically different way than had ever
been done. And I thought it would be
cool looking back. I mean, it was
probably the reason I lost my hair, but
it was it seemed cool to me at the time
to be able to flip a a losing player
into a winner. And so, that was the
first flight we took. That would have
been back in 2016, I think. We took an
original flight of losing players only.
What made you change your mind? Like, I
know a lot of CFPs, if you look at CFPs
nowadays, criteria that, you know, maybe
you already need to be 200 L with a
positive win rate. Mhm.
like like obviously you guys came up
with a model and you tried to improve
that model over time. Did at some point
you say, "Okay, we need to at least have
kind of filter out the bottom of the
bottom because not everyone can make it
as a poker player even though, you know,
our model works for the majority. Maybe
we should stricten up our our hiring
policies."
Yeah, it was a difficult decision the
whole way through it just in terms of
where to draw that line. I mean,
originally I had a bias towards helping
anyone. Uh, and then at some point we
sort of had to turn it into a business
or at least start treating it more of uh
more in terms of well, we at some point
we need to make money and we need to
make sure we're not leaking, you know,
with a ton of low performing players on
the team just to prove a point. So yeah,
those thresholds developed over time. Uh
2022 was the first year where we started
implementing hard cuts. We would
basically cut the bottom 10% or 15% of
the roster every quarter. Uh that was
around the stage where we realized we
really needed to start trimming down.
Um, I mean, if you look at the evolution
of how the company grew, we started off
very small with the losers only group,
we eventually scaled to a group of maybe
20 to 30, uh, maybe 40 around 2021,
2022, and then we had scaled to the 85
at one point, and it was just getting
away from us. I think our filters for
recruitment had really become too
relaxed and we weren't paying enough
attention
to the signals that would have indicated
that we probably weren't dealing with
someone who was ready for real change. I
think I would just sort of put it that
way because, you know, you never want to
declare what someone's potential is. But
looking back, the mistake we made was we
we thought people were ready to change
their behaviors who probably just
weren't ready yet. I think that's what
you're dealing with when you see a a
small stakes player who just can't who
can't turn the corner. So, yeah, it was
a learning process and we lost probably
millions trying to figure it out. um
made great money too. But in retrospect,
that was probably our biggest leak. Uh
was not making the decision early enough
to to really tighten up filters for
recruitment. Um but maybe we wouldn't we
wouldn't have learned as much as we did
about performance had we not trained
those players and been able to develop,
you know, a clear contrast of what is
the difference between training a high
performer and a low performer. um and
why it's so important to to hold a
standard for a culture. I think maybe to
elaborate on on the question just a
little bit more, we started to see how
important it was to the players on the
team, specifically the high
performers, to not include so many low
performers. In fact, a survey back in
2024 showed that our highest
performers cared more about having other
high
performers in their close circle than
anything else. And they went so far as
to say that the thing they disliked the
most was when there was rookies on the
team who were low performers. They
didn't care so much if they were
rookies. they cared if they were rookies
who didn't meet the cultural standard of
excellence. But sometimes you get a
rookie and he's just like, you know,
ready to go and it's a different type of
guy and you can tell he's going to make
it to the top. What the high performers
seem to dislike is the lazy rookie. They
don't appreciate being in a culture with
that with that type of player. And I
think, you know, there's good reason for
that. I'd love to jump in here and
discuss a little bit more about how you
guys were able to transition from losing
players to these kind of high performers
and the challenges you guys must have
taken on because this is not a normal
business model to try to save the guys
who are losing. It's more like the these
the guys who are like these can't be
helped and they you guys took them on
and turn them into winning players. So,
um, first question is, what are some of
the common players, problems players run
into that get them in this losing
category? And why did you guys have the
confidence that you could fix these
losing players?
I mean, this takes me back to the thesis
of around 2020 for Detox, which was that
the players were breaking down at a
logistical level. Around the time
Patrick came on, uh, he and I were
working very closely together, I would
say, in two lanes. He was building all
the MDA in a way that had never been
done before. But he was on the ground
for the first time with managing the
players. A big part of his process was
just to see how are they responding to
the new data. How are they implementing
it? Um you know what works in theory
does not necessarily work in practice
that had become sort of a maxim around
that that era.
And I think one day Pat and I were
looking over just the results of the
players and the reports from the execs
and he turned to me and he said
something along the lines of like, you
know, this just doesn't add up. Their
stories do not add up with their
results. There's something missing
here. And it was around that time when
we started to accept that the players
were breaking down at a logistical
level. Patrick wrote a whole article on
this. He put it way more eloquently than
I could and he unpacked every part of
it.
But there seems to be a gap in the
awareness of the low performer where if
you were to ask them, hey, what did you
do today? Their story around what they
did would be significantly different
than an objective account of their
process. And it's that discrepancy, I
think, that's another thing that
distinguishes the high performer from
the low performer. The low performer has
an obsession with making it sound like
they did more than they did that
day to the point where it almost
inadvertently gas lit us as coaches
because, you know, we couldn't figure it
out. The guy is saying he's doing
everything he needs to do and his
schedule is dialed. And then, you know,
we take a deeper look and he's eating
pizza for breakfast and he's staying up
till 4:00 a.m. at the bars. It just
didn't track.
So, I always use those examples as
extremes, but I I hope you get the point
that it it got to the point where the
the strategy was compressed enough into
protocols that were actionable for
anyone who could read and integrate
basic
information that it became apparent the
only differentiator or at least the main
differentiator, I should say, at least
for getting a guy out of the small
stakes levels.
was
logistics. So that sort of became the
vetting process at that stage was like
we started to put more attention on the
guy's schedule. Is he accountable to his
life? How many different zones of
logistics is he struggling to navigate?
There was even a common factor analysis
that we did around 2023 or 24 where we
found out that the top 10 performing
players of all time on our
roster, none of them had wives. I almost
want to say only one of them had a
girlfriend, which I'm bringing that up
alongside logistics because anybody who
has a significant other knows, you know,
it's not an infringement on your
logistics, but it's another dimension
you have to balance. and it seems to be
one that creates a heavy drag,
especially if the partner is
unsupportive of poker or doesn't know
how to support poker. Second one is more
common just because we're in such a
crazy profession that it's pretty hard
to explain to your wife what variance
is, which is not something you should
try. We could go into that too, but I've
done a lot of consults with players who
uh can't seem to figure out how to
navigate that part of the profession.
But I'll turn it over to you guys
because I know that I'm I'm digressing a
bit. What part of this is are you more
interested in steering into? Yeah, I
want to touch on a little bit. You
mentioned the Lostics guys lack
awareness like they almost have this
story running where they're the victim
or they're doing more than they think
they're doing. At least they're
portraying that to you guys. How do you
bridge that gap? Is that gap coming from
their lack of awareness like a blind
spot? They think they're doing more than
they are or is it something sort of
protection that they're telling a story
to you or maybe protect themselves from
you guys judging them? And is there a
gap you can be bridged? I'm trying to
think from the the perspective of are
these guys savable and we can go right
we can gain more awareness and get you
guys on the right track or is there some
people are so caught on their own
stories that they can't be put into the
system? It's a really great question
right down to how you phrased it.
There's a lot of nuance in the gap
between are they misremembering reality
or are they distorting reality to uphold
an idealized sense of
self? It can be both. And I and at some
some points I I think they might be the
same in terms of you know for all
intents and purposes. So in order to
understand this, it drove me to develop
more of a clinical background around uh
a specific word that I use more than
ever. Paul is here. He knows we use this
word a lot um on the business side, but
the word is confabulate.
Confabulation is a clinical term used to
describe when someone has a gap in their
memory specifically uh around an
instance that might have been either
traumatic or stressful.
This word if I would have understood it
earlier would have saved me a lot of
headache because it was very difficult
for me to understand how people's
accounts of what happened didn't
actually match what happened. When I
started to understand confabulation I
started to realize it's actually a
response that is oftentimes a protection
mechanism like you said Adam and and who
knows if it's occurring on a conscious
level. It doesn't seem like it is in
most cases. It is a misremembering of
facts that seems to be dictated by the
subconscious in order to reassemble
reality in a way that can uphold the
ego's sense
of goodness or in this case high
performerness maybe. Uh but it's a messy
thing to have to deal with to deal with
someone who's recreating history in
front of your face and also have to help
them see what's happening.
My initial response to someone doing
that was I would get triggered. It was
frustrating because when someone's doing
that, the first instinct is like, are
they trying to manipulate me into
thinking that they're trying to trick
me? Almost. It wasn't until I started to
understand the clinical side of
confabulation that I was able to develop
more empathy for what's happening when
that's occurring. The person is often
not aware. They're just trying to
protect themselves. And as a
coach, I think, you know, at your best,
at your best, as a coach, you have to
develop sufficient empathy to be able to
meet that type of
uh event where a person is recreating
what actually happened and be able to
address it
compassionately. I'll take it over to uh
an easy analogy to understand what's
happening here. So, I have two sons and
there's a specific thing that my older
son does. he's five
where if he wanted a
snack, he would say something like,
"Daddy, you said before I could have a
snack, remember?" Now, that event never
actually happened. But in his head, he
thinks it did. So, the proper way, at
least, you know, based on my assessment
of how to parent through that situation,
as I say, Rio, that happened in your
head. That didn't actually happen. And
when you do that, you're basically
reacquainting the child with uh the
reality that there's there's things that
occur in your head and there's things
that occur in real life. And those are
two separate things. And step one is
establishing the difference. So you take
that to a poker player and it's like,
well, you're an adult. We need to we
need to have a conversation like an
adult. And the first step is addressing
what actually happened from what you
think happened. If you can do that, I
think you pass step one. The player
needs to acknowledge there is a
discrepancy in their reality between how
they think they're studying, how much
volume they think they're putting in,
whether or not they called that over bet
when they shouldn't have. I could show
you the hand. Do I need to show you 10
more to acknowledge that you have this
pattern that doesn't seem to be serving
you or you know the
company? Does that help a bit more uh
Adam to sort of explain like how we
address it? It's a difficult process. I
mean, it requires assertiveness and
compassion in
balance. Not my greatest strength. I
always lean a little bit too blunt, but
I think I've had to develop a bit more
diplomacy in these situations. And
understanding the clinical side of it
has helped me do it a bit. 100%. Yeah,
the depth you went into there was
perfect. And it got me thinking how
challenging that confrontation must be
where basically you've got to in an
empathetic way call the player out on
look, this story is in your head, not
reality. And they they bridge that gap.
I'm guessing there's a moment where you
realize this player can bridge the gap
and come back in tune with reality.
Yeah. Or he can't. He's stuck in his
story. He's too defensive. Can't get
past that. So yeah, there's so much
depth that we could go into there, but
yeah, I want to segue into uh the next
topic because we'll end up doing an hour
just on that one. But yeah, I want to
talk about the mindset gap between let's
say low to mid-stakes players and high
stakes players. So you mentioned at the
start of the conversation about
intelligence, the ability to fix leaks
to take on data and information and then
fix problems. We talked about the story
narratives that often the low stakes
players can get caught in either blind
spots themselves or caught in a ego
protection narrative. What are some
other mindset gaps between the low to
midst guys and those guys who really
excel at the higher stakes agency? I'll
give you a specific
example. Back around the time where we
put out the public product Ether, that
was an advancement on the original night
vision product that anybody who followed
MDA back then probably
remembers. Detox put out night vision
as a categorical archive of aggression
hotspots, meaning like here's all the
spots where if you bluff, they will fold
too much. That was sort of a whole
sector of mass data analysis at the time
that was tailored to the aggressive
actions. Ether was a bluff catching
almanac. It was the first time where we
categorized a lot of different lines,
formations, textures, and it would allow
a player to go through sort of at a
glance or in
depth and identify, okay, these are the
textures where people are either
overluffing or under bluffing.
It was very practical as an upgrade in
the sense that would it would allow you
to adjust in a pretty binary way. If you
ended up in a spot where you know there
was a lot of evidence that at least this
specific player profile bluffs too much
in that spot, well then I just press
call. Simple
enough. What we saw in the first intake
of players who bought that product was
that they were very clearly forked
between two types of students. the type
of student who could apply agency and
look at a series of patterns and be able
to say, "Okay, I understand the signal
here. I'm going to navigate this
gracefully and calibrate." That was a
key word at the time. They could
calibrate better. when they looked at a
bunch of different patterns in a row,
the low agency player, the low performer
that correlate, he would look at that
list of bluff catching patterns and he
would say, "Okay, I I like this. I think
I get it. Let me take it into the
arena." And the moment that one of the
patterns would change in game, he would
break down. and he would return to the
group chat and be like, I don't know
what to do when one little thing is
different. The player who has high
agency does not have that issue. I can
connect this to another trait that we
saw emerge. It was probably the trait I
saw in Matt Marinelli uh more than
anyone when he was coming up. I had
identified it early. I didn't know he
would end up being as great as he
became. Disclaimer. In fact, very few
people know this, but Matt Marinelli
applied to Detox twice and got rejected
before he got in, just to disclose how
poor our recruitment filters actually
were at the time. I don't remember
exactly why uh he didn't get in, but he
he definitely uh didn't get what he
deserved in those first two two
applications, but what I noticed with
Matt once I started training closely
with him was he was a man of principle,
first principles especially. He would
look at a system
or, you know, a a series of, you know,
information, I guess, and he would be
able quickly to deduce what he really
wanted to anchor himself in from that
line of information. I'm not doing it
justice, but basically Matt would look
at something and say, "Here's the most
important thing in this batch of
information that if I just understand
this thing, I can trust myself to use it
and calibrate when I take it into the
arena, even though the situation is
going to
change." He expected it to change and he
embraced the fact that you're never
going to encounter the exact pattern
that you study. But because he was so
principled, he was someone who was able
to play any game. And just to connect
this over to what I think the biggest
skill set is with live players, really
strong live players at this day and age
are the players that can adapt quickly
to a warped structure. I mean Renee, you
know what they're playing over in Vegas.
You were there this summer. It's
standing game. It's squid. I mean, those
are sort of similar, but it's anties.
It's straddles. It's all the stuff that
would require a player to be able to
calibrate without just having a perfect
picture in his head of how he's going to
execute something he's memorized. It's
not going to take you to the top in in a
warped model. Um, so that would be the
last thing I would say about about that
little riff would be we're very careful
which players we put into which
environments. We identify agency first.
We will never put a player with low
agency into a uh onto a site or
structure. We'll never put him into a
format where he's going to have to
use I don't want to say use his brain.
That's too harsh. But where he's going
to have to calibrate to a warped a
warped structure. Whereas like there are
certain guys where like if we get a new
you know if a new app comes out and it's
like it's using a different type of
Annie structure it's like okay these are
the guys we send in first because they
don't get overwhelmed by that. they
outperform when the when the model
changes. So I think I sort of came semi
full circle with that. What parts of
that uh are you guys interested in
unpacking more? So many. Um so yeah with
high agency is this something you feel
like can be developed over time or do
you generally fall into a low agency or
higher agency mindset as you develop?
And I'm thinking about this because some
players will be listening going not
really fits. Some of will obviously be
very high agency and going yes that's
me. Others be like I kind of like a
framework. I kind of like following a
structure. I like knowing what GTO
solutions look like before I start doing
my own strategies. So yeah, is agency
something you can build over time and if
someone was unsure of themselves, how
would they go about building more
agency? It's a really great question. I
want to believe it's
trainable. I'm not sure the extent that
it is. At my best, my answer would be
with the proper frameworks, the
awareness over how to increase one's
agency could be delivered effectively.
I'm working on stuff to do this. I mean,
half of my job on the day-to-day is to
both identify the agency and the
executive officers that are on the team.
uh and also train them up with
frameworks to develop awareness over
where they've exercised low agency in an
initiative that came up to my level and
I have to review the initiative and I I
review the comms and I can see okay the
initiative broke down when this officer
wasn't able to exercise agency here.
Now, this happens with players, too. But
when you're dealing with a player,
you're going to find it in his database.
Oftentimes, it's easier to see how
someone fails to apply agency in a
communicational setting. The the leading
indicator of someone with high agency is
if are they taking
initiative? Are they taking initiative
to
resolve a unclear point? Are they taking
initiative to acknowledge a mistake? Are
they taking initiative to solve a
problem without asking to be handheld
for more? Those three sort of pop up as
the big three in my eyes and in the
hiring process. I mean it these days it
comes to the forefront to the forefront
pretty quick especially since we have an
executive culture that's very aware of
the importance of agency. Um we're
constantly on the prowl for indicators
of an
agency a lack of agency. Where did this
guy's agency break down?
Um, I'll bring it up now, Renee, because
I mentioned that I wanted to eventually
talk about this, but it kind of
connects. I can't go into a lot of
detail on this thing, but it's Ghostnet
and it's something that we're going to
be debuting, unrolling in the future in
way more depth. But Ghostnet was
originally a initiative developed to
identify scammers in poker before they
scam. Simplest way to understand that is
through communicational patterns. I
won't go into too much detail over how
that works yet, but it's proprietary
software used to compile tons of
back-end data from people who have
scammed us and our friends in poker in
the past.
That is something that we've spent a lot
of time developing. Now, if I were to
talk about
agency, there are similar forms of that
technology that we can use to filter a
discussion. Say if it occurred in a
meeting, I can filter that discussion
through the meeting and it will tell me
here was where the agency breakdown was.
Here's an objective report of who
underperformed in this meeting. and we
can get a pretty clean third-party
answer from the AI as to who's not doing
their job. You can do that for players,
too. And so that the trick at this point
or the balance that we're trying to
develop is how do we start to leverage
AI in a way that doesn't cause it to
lose signal through noise? Is this the
right way of putting it?
We don't want it to lose the forest for
the trees. And it's easy for it to do
that if you try to get it to try to
start assessing a player's strategy in
any way. So, we can never take AI to the
strategy level in my opinion for poker.
It will get confused too quick, at least
like not the chat GPT AI that we have
yet. But we can start to analyze the
players thought
process. So, I'm glad we got here
because this is the probably the biggest
agency upgrade that we're making for our
highest level come
2025. We've taken that concept from
Ghostnet and we've applied it to what
we're calling the LCI. Stands for
logical consistency index. A logical
consistency index is basically a
back-end archive of how all of our top
performers of all time have analyzed
hand
histories, specifically in the context
of datadriven strategies. But it's more
about how they think and speak through a
hand. It's less about the data points
they're naming. It's more about the way
in which they organize them.
For
instance, the LCI would be able to
detect fairly quickly if there was a
logical contradiction in someone's
analysis. Now, a logical contradiction
is different than just a mistaken data
point. I give you an example. If a guy
says, uh, this profile three bets 13% of
the time, that's why I for bet them
exploitatively wide here. Well, we could
go into the database archive and say,
"Actually, that profile doesn't three
bet 13% of the time. That was that was a
mistake. Your data was
wrong." That's not what the LCI is
looking at. What the LCI is looking at
is someone saying like, "I think he was
bluffing 100% of the time here because
this guy never bluffs."
The LCI is looking for
rudimentary statements that are either
binary in nature which signal that the
player cannot think
probabilistically which is probably the
number one uh it's one of the
leading correlators I would say with a
low performer. They're the they're the
guys you'll hear you'll say something
like uh he either always or never bluffs
here. This is a guy that never bluffs.
And like that's just inadmissible once
you're operating in a data driven
culture because we all know everybody
has a bluffing frequency, you know,
unless, you know, super extreme
situations where you just never bluff
the whale.
Case in point, the logical consistency
index will give us a rating of how
clearly this person
thinks not in terms of did they memorize
the course, but in terms of is their
nervous system regulated in a way that
it delivers clear thought. And I go to
the level of the nervous system when I
say that because a lot of these binary
statements like he was never bluffing
here or he's always bluffing in this
spot. These come from overly reactive
nervous systems that need to arrive at
conclusiveness quickly and it's what
makes you a worse player. The secure
performer, the high performer is always
able to base his assessment of a
situation probabilistically.
I don't know if you heard uh Marinelli
talk about his hand with
Lionus. It was on one of the podcasts, I
think the Mobius Pod, but you can really
hear the security of a high performer in
his analysis there. And I think the
funny thing that people don't realize is
how simple and relaxed almost sounds
like they don't care. It can almost
sound like they don't care. But what's
actually happening is he's arriving at
such a principled position after, you
know, arranging the data points in play
where the hand just starts to look like
I just had I had to call here. I felt
like this was a spot where he was going
to try to bluff me too much and I
determined that I had to just press
call. So the end result can sound
similar between a low performer and a
high performer, but it's the way the
high performer gets there that's much
more detailed. I would say it's much
more high detail. It's much more based
because it's always being formed from a
probabilistic assessment. It's never
being formed from a overly conclusive
standpoint of he always had it or he
never had it. It's like I think he has
it a little bit too often. So, I decided
to call. So, I hope that gives just a
little bit
more comparison of of the way that these
two types of players think with
Marinelli being on the very far end of
the spectrum of the most
principled calibrated thinker I think
I've ever trained. There's a couple that
come close to him um that are coming up
our roster right now that I'm interested
to see how they do. But uh that is the
trait where when I see it these days I'm
like oh that guy's got the he has the
marinelli trait is almost a joke uh in
our company at this point. Super
interesting. You mentioned there like
the dangers of binary thinking and how
like thinking from one side never do
this must do that I can't do this I
can't do that and a lot of players fall
victim to that with their thinking just
almost as I said protection based but
almost like they want to arrive at a
concrete answer. They don't like the
messy unsure. With high performers,
they're almost like, "Oh, let's think
about this. Anything's possible and
they're able to sit in that ambiguity
for longer." And I really love the idea
of getting people to understand their
thinking, where their logic breaks down
and getting people to, yeah, some sort
of system to go into that. It makes me
think of Ray Dalio. I'm not sure if
you're familiar with his stuff, but he's
something called a believability waiting
system which he uses with his his
companies and he looks for people in
each situation who's got the most
believability, who's got the most track
record of making logical decisions in
the situation. So when they speak, we
listen to them, not the loud guy over
there. Didn't know that. And that made
me think about, oh yeah, you guys are
trying to create like a believability
with yourself, like following logic to a
conclusion and then understand where it
breaks down, cuz that's one of the hard
parts. If we knew logic was breaking
down at parts, we'd go, "Oh, my logic is
drifted off here." But in reality, it's
like, "Ah, blind spot. Didn't see that."
So, yeah, obviously the the high
performers, we'll have less gaps in
that. You can use like Marinelli as a
good example of players who have that
dialed in and use them as the the trait
or the the high level of that skill. So,
yeah, so many things I could touch on
there, but I do want to hand over to
Renee because I know Rene wants to uh
get some lessons from your poker detox
period in terms of the strategy you guys
learned and the main lessons you guys
learned about that. Sure. Yeah. While I
was listening, obviously, you know, when
you enter detox, everyone gets handed
the same strategy or at least, you know,
you're being pushed into the same
methodology that you guys use, right?
So, I guess it's easy to identify other
things as the problem, right? Because I
mean, the strategy for everyone is the
same. But listening to you, I I I kind
of had a hard time uh placing it
exactly. So I will give you like the
three things that I wrote down and you
can tell me what is like the difference.
So is the difference in the high
performer their ability to consistently
execute the strategy that they gave. Is
it that they are better at calibrating
and putting it in context
or do they simply evolve the strategy to
a whole another level
themselves or is it all of the three? It
is. But I'll separate the third one just
for a moment because it's the first two
that I that I think operate in tandem.
Um, they need to do those two
things in balance with each other. If
they can't, then I don't think they even
get to level three, the third one that
you mention. But okay, so with that
separated now, let's go to that third
one
because the biggest
advancements in the history of the
company have come from the players
who've taken it to level three and
they'll say like, okay, we like what
this did and we think there's room to
advance on it by creating this new
module on top. And then that module will
snap into place. So that could be, you
know, they see room for a more practical
usage of the data in a certain node or
line. It could also just be that they
found a way
to execute on it more simply. So it's
it's usually one of two things. It's
either we want to use the data in a
different way to expound upon the win
rate that we've already generated. We
want more win rate from going to higher
detail. and we think we know how to do
that in a way that we can e actually
engineer or it's we think this protocol
could be distilled in a way that's a bit
more simple practical that might connect
more with different learning types
which is the other thing I didn't
mention about what the difference could
be and it was
the it was the impetus for us to start
to create different formats of the same
content for I just got off the phone
with a guy the other And I was like,
"Hey, did you read all this free stuff
that we
uh dropped a bunch of free stuff on?"
He's like, "To tell you the
truth, I have trouble with the written
content." Now, this is a high performer,
by the way, telling you that like he he
can't digest the written stuff as easy
if it were in a video format. And this
is something that we started to have to
take more seriously around maybe 22,
early 23.
We started layering the archive with a
lot more video content because of the
fact that we it's one of these things
where whether or not you agree that it
should be a constraint, it doesn't
matter if you care about the bottom line
of, you know, the performer doing
better. Who cares if it should be this
way? It needs to be created. We need a
bigger video archive uh to supplement
all the text materials. So, my team is
really good at this. Like there's a
couple guys who always check me and
they're like and I'll be like I don't
think this should be required and
they'll be like okay yeah we get it and
this isn't about what is required. This
is about what's going to move the needle
on performance. So let's just make the
best decision for what these guys are
going to be able to learn best with. And
that's why I think the 2025 version of
the course is the most badass version
we've ever had. I mean, this is a better
version significantly than the version
that guys like Marinelli took to get to
seven
figures. It's super compressed. It's
been iterated thousands of times to make
sure that not only is the MDA as refined
as possible, but it coordinates to
different learning types. It also goes
to the level of detail that like it will
describe a protocol in as plain a way as
possible to the point where I don't
think a person should need anyone to
interpret it.
I don't know if I gave you the full
story, uh, Renee, about what we're doing
with the content, but as part of the new
initiative moving towards private.
Um, we're deciding to to give the entire
CFP course up until 2025 away for free
to players who can get through the
verification process and just prove that
they're not a pirate basically because
there's a lot of information in here
that's sensitive to the players and
coaches that helped build it. But, um,
we decided to make it available to the
public in the in the spirit of moving on
into a private sector that we think has
a lot more potential. Um, so I don't
want to pivot there before you guys are
ready, but that was sort of the
conclusion of the
CFP project. It was realizing that the
model made sense for a long time. It
still does make a lot of sense for small
stakes players who need funding and
training, but we're moving towards more
of a coaching for placement model
instead of a coaching for profits model
where we see the future of poker being
do you have people fighting on your
behalf to get you in the best softest
games? Do you have access? Because if
you don't have access, it doesn't matter
how good you are in the new era, you're
going to be at a
ceiling relative to the people who do
have that access.
So again, I'll turn over there. I know I
pivoted a bit. Is that because modern
day so obviously in back in let's say
2016 17 uh edge to be gained by putting
more effort into a better strategy into
your performance. you could get a lot
more money because your ads would get
bigger. In in your opinion right now, is
that edge just significantly smaller?
That placement has uh kind of surpassed
technical edge in terms of if you want
to grow your your income 100% at least
up to a certain level. Like there's just
too much free content these days that's
good. I mean, if you only looked at the
amount of free content
available, it would be enough to get
player to get a player way further than
if it were
2021. So, the the delta there alone, I
think, is worth acknowledging. But in
terms of what is going to move the
needle after high stakes, yeah, you
either need super highle strategy
alongside a group of guys that are
really intense about innovating and
applying it. I think the second part's
equally as important actually.
Um,
or you just need to acknowledge that
what really moves the win rate is
whether or not you can get into all the
best games and whether or not you're
protected in those games. And the
protection is both access and security.
Access in terms of like are you able to
have your seat protected if you win too
much. That was what the whole jungle pod
was about. I documented how the whole
idea of the STAX private agency was to
finally create a non-political path for
pros to not just get access but keep it
no matter how much you want.
politics, as I would put it in private,
is first, are you able to get in
fairly? Do you have a fair path in?
That's step one. And then step two of is
something political would be, are you
allowed to keep your seat regardless of
how much you
win? If you figure those two things out,
I think you have a non-political system.
And that's what was missing uh in
private until stacks sort of initiated
the problem solve. So that's what that
whole pod with jungle was on. It was
debuting how we created those systems.
Um, in terms of why I think that's so
important for the professional who may
be reasonably well-developed on the
strategy front is because there's
nothing that's going to move the lever
greater than access at this stage,
especially with how the market is
shifting. This happened fairly quickly
with the with the movement to private
happened over the last two years. If you
were on the ground in Vegas, you were
seeing it happen rapidly over the last
year and a half or so. A lot of rags got
very upset and rightfully so because a
lot of the decisions being made were
overly political. But
usually if you look at how markets work,
things stay the same for a very long
period of time and then they shift very
rapidly. That's what this phase is right
now in poker. It's happening on both the
apps and in live poker, especially in
certain hotspots of the world where live
poker has a a pretty significant
presence like Las Vegas.
So, I would say yes. To answer the the
question full circle, the edges in
strategy are diminishing because it
seems to be a race to the bottom at this
point in terms of people putting out
strategy content. I mean, just look
around at what's being sold and for the
price points that it's being sold for.
After we put out this drop, it's going
to be difficult, I think, for people to
justify purchasing much unless it comes
with extensive one-on-one support, which
I'll always say is, you know,
definitely worth value, especially if
you know the system needs to be
interpreted and you need um mentorship
behind it.
So, obviously there's a there's a
difference between coaching support that
comes with mentorship and coaching
support that's just basically resources,
do it yourself. Um, but in general,
yeah, I would say strategy content is in
a race to the bottom. We're seeing it
and it's going to be very hard for
someone to get
significantly it's going to be very hard
for them to get proportional win rate
returns from strategy content after
they're already at high stakes compared
to the exponential leap of getting into
private games both online and live. I
mean it's it's literally exponential.
You're never going to take your 8BB win
rate to
80BBS. You just can't do it through
strategy. you can do it through private
access. So, I don't think it's even a
discussion. I think either you
understand what's happening or or you
don't. And I feel like our job at this
stage uh as coaches and pioneers going
into private
agents is to raise awareness around how
big that opportunity has become
especially in some some of the major uh
sectors of the world where the
opportunity is bigger than ever.
Yeah, a lot to cover there. I uh I I
definitely agree. Uh quick quick
announcement, guys. Mechan poke personal
tension both me Adam involved, you know,
a lot of value right there. Um I wanted
to touch on on on actually a couple of
points that that you indeed mentioned.
It's actually something that I also in
like private one-on-one coaching when I
analyze how students have been doing,
how they have been applying the program,
for example, I'm like, "Listen, dude, I
looked at your game. Uh but your problem
is that you only want to play on poker
stars at European afternoons like you
know you're putting all your effort now
you want me to give you strategy
strategy strategy but like like more GTO
more prince more horistics etc is maybe
going to increase your win rate slightly
but it's better you focus your attention
elsewhere right maybe on your
performance aspect or maybe on your soft
skill aspect so I like that like I
always look at poker as a whole right we
can look at improving poker at various
areas. Technical is just one part of it,
right? And as you as you as you already
pointed out uh because the bottom line,
people are getting better. Therefore,
the edges that are uh easily easily
gained, let's put it that way, because
definitely edges can still be gained,
but it's obviously it's getting harder
and harder. What I actually liked about
the your detox model from how from how I
understand it, you have like the model,
right? you have the strategy and as soon
as you have an outperformer in detox,
you guys kind of look at it as, hey,
where's this guy outperforming? What can
we learn from that? So, it it has a very
natural development due to guys who are
outperforming, right? You can kind of
learn from that. Hey, I see that you
you've token you've took this note to a
whole another level. Can you maybe
elaborate on that? And that's kind of
how the strategy is constantly evolving,
which I think is very interesting. Um if
players do still want to uh um you know
play from their comforts of their home
which is you know one of the biggest uh
benefits obviously of online and they
want to use data uh how should they use
it like in 2025
um to to still try to get an edge? Um I
think you already mentioned the words
innovation I I I wrote down and
application. These are definitely uh two
parts of it I would imagine if you if
you want to go down that route.
Yeah, I mean there's a lot of probably
untapped engineering talent out there.
It's always funny when we get a guy with
engineering potential who comes up
through the ranks. You can spot it
pretty quickly. He has more passion for
innovating the content than he does
playing usually. This was the case with
my brother. I saw it again happen with
one of the players who came up uh
recently. Then you get like the
occasional hybrids who love playing and
coaching as much as they love
innovating. And I think those guys are
really just like the wild cards that
when you find one of them, you need to
make sure that they never ever leave
your side because they're so hard to
come by that they have they need so much
tenacity and they also have to be really
good at uh you know the engineering
side. So one of the players on my team
uh Cameron Hickey comes to mind. He he
fits that profile. he's come up really
strong and he has that Marinelli gene in
him, but he's also um a great engineer
to a great innovator. So, there's that
going on in terms of
vetting the innovative talent. But if
you have a if you've self-identified as
someone who is passionate about
innovating, I would say I mean the first
thing you should do is make sure you've
checked out the other great engineers
before you in this industry and get all
the free content or lowhanging fruit
from whatever products they're they're
selling just to make sure you have a
scientifically rigorous background
before you start tinkering. can't tell
you how many times we've seen guys
submit ideas for engineering and it's
like this would have been great but you
missed something really important early
on in in the way that you developed this
and you have to go back to square one
and had you just run this past people
who had more experience they could have
saved you from hundreds of hours post
mistake so that would be the biggest
caveat I would say is like if you're
someone who loves strategy
development go for it and make sure you
have a group of people around you or at
least someone who you can filter that
through who can alert you if you're
making a mistake in the way you're
modeling it early on. That would be my
biggest advice to that to that type of
person.
you uh you play a lot of live nowadays
or you know you transition more into the
live scene and I remember some uh some
debates that you had I think in the in
the past I don't maybe on the podcast
with Berky about bringing MDA to to the
live realm and then you were like no
this is what the data say so you know
and then Burke was like oh yeah you want
to call the guy with the cowboy hat sure
go call him but he's never bluffing uh
how how have you found that the the data
uh transitions into into life.
The best answer is I don't know. I think
that has to be my answer because I won't
ever get any
falsifiable conclusions there. So, all I
have is my intuition. But I think Berky
was more correct than I was early on. I
will say that. I will say that like it
was
overly conclusive of me to assume that
his 10 years of intuition I could see
this in my head rolling as a Berky reel
now like he's he's not going to be uh he
can't wait to run this one. I think I
was not giving him enough credit for
being able to see obvious things that we
assumed wouldn't be true.
For instance, when you add a data point
like, you know, this is old man coffee
or cowboy hat guy who's, you know, a
loose
cannon, that changes the dynamics of a
situation quite a bit. And if you add
the
interpersonal realm of that, which is he
doesn't want to bluff me because he just
bluffed me last time and I can see his
behavior is not indicating that he's
interested in bluffing me right now. I
think it's worth a lot, especially if
you're attuned to that type of stuff.
So, there's this theory that I don't
know if you'd ever be able to prove it,
but I sure think it's it's useful and
cool that when you're in a live
environment, everything sort of operates
more on what Jason Sue, I believe,
coined this term. He called it a sample
of one. Jason Sue is a mindset teacher
who is excellent at what he does and
excellent at conveying concepts. Um I
was working with him a few years back
and the first thing I saw from him was
this idea of sample of one which
was basically trying to describe how
even if we had all the data we could
possibly have in this spot if we're in a
live setting where there's energy and
people and data occurring in the field
that we can't necessarily process in a
way That's quantifiable, but we know
it's there. We can feel something. His
whole thing is there's a right answer in
every
moment. If you can feel into the energy
of the situation deeply enough, and I
think his key word here is
presence, there is always a right
answer. We could say probabilistically,
this guy's probably bluffing too much or
too little, but in this specific moment,
he's either bluffing or he's not. And so
Jason's whole philosophy, I think, was
predicated on finding those those
moments and and scrutinizing what would
it actually be that could determine
whether or not someone is holding, you
know, the bluff or not in this specific
instance. And this was something I
became very fascinated with. You know,
over the 18 months that I was playing
live, I was doing a lot more research on
behavioral
tells, it was instrumental in the match
that I played with Martin Cabrell, which
took place over the course of April.
Only ended up talking about it uh about
a year later. It came up on table one
podcast and I actually just did a
another podcast on it that we'll release
probably alongside this drop. But it
basically documented how over the course
of four sessions, there were behavioral
reads that developed at this uh heads up
match that was taking place live that
eventually allowed me to capitalize on a
pretty big win on the fourth night of
the match.
Um, we were playing 400 800 no limit at
that point and I won 700,000 on the on
the last night. And I attribute a lot of
the momentum I picked up in that match
to behavioral cues that I had been
tracking over the course of the previous
three sessions. So, that would be the
biggest thing. And then you got to be
careful because like, you know, you
can't just become the guy in the live
arena who's like scrutinizing someone's
behavior. You have to learn how to
observe people in a way that's normal
and not intimidating and holds rapport.
And there are I think that's its own
skill set in private. You have to learn
how to read behavioral cues in a way
that uh isn't off-putting to people and
and doesn't make them doesn't make it
appear as if you're the new age robot of
of live poker,
but it seems bigger. So when we when I
think about poker tails, you know, think
about maybe uh the guy with the Oreo
cookie, right? But what you're talking
about and you were talking about energy,
right? And a lot of very deeper layers
that's very hard to understand. Probably
also why you know you and Berky when you
were not into this realm couldn't really
find common ground, I guess. Was it like
because I guess it's harder to explain
or were you also just not open to listen
to what Berky was saying? Yeah, thanks
for letting me make the
distinction. I'm actually much more
drawn
to
the the practical data points that we
could point to in someone's behavior.
So, if you asked me like, yeah, certain
times you can feel an energy of someone
being uncomfortable. We could talk about
that, but that's type of thing where you
either feel it or you don't. And there's
been times where like when we're
training this type of stuff or studying,
you know, if I have like three guys that
were all watching a stream, I'll be
like, "Do you guys see what I'm seeing
right now in terms of like the
discomfort of that player who's bluffing
currently?" Like, "What do you are you
feeling that?" Because I can viscerally
feel discomfort when I watch him. And
you can get three different answers from
three different guys. But if I were to
say, did you see how animated that
player was with his physical gestures
after he went all in in that pot? Well,
that's something we could point to and
verify and say there's either
correlation with a person being relaxed
or not relaxed when they're bluffing.
So, I became more fascinated with
uh the different aspects of what we can
point to, what we can actually point to.
Um, is that also like the coaching you,
I guess, because you're trying to find
things that are, I guess, teachable to
others, right? Well, I think if you're
dealing with a person who's
logical, and I think if you're ever
going to create methodology, you have to
figure out how to do it in that way. Um,
you need to find real data points that
you could point to in terms of like he
did this, he and like Blake Eastman is
super huge on this. He's one of the guys
in the space that really tries to
categorize it down. Um, so I have a lot
of respect for his work. Um,
there's a whole there there's so much
depth to it and I think you sort of have
to decide how much do I want to rely on
this? How much is it just something that
I will sort of visit momentarily in the
hand and have it inform the rest of my
technical strategy. I would say that's
probably where you end up. You're never
going to get something that's a super
outside hit on a behavioral tell. It's
rare. You know, the guys who are the
best at behavior, I think, will say like
occasionally you'll be able to have like
90% confidence if somebody does
something really outlandish, but for the
most part, it's just going to be another
thing that's sways your decision a
little bit from baseline. I think that's
probably the healthiest way to to look
at it. And to clarify, uh I am not one
to advocate. I'm not one to sit there
and like trust the energy. I'm looking
for specific
physical cues that I could point to.
That's more my style at least. And
that's just a process of me being wrong
enough times about what I felt like the
energy was in the air that I that I
stopped trusting myself to to use that
method. But yeah, I mean I I don't know
what other people have access to. I'm
sure there's some clairvoyance out there
like guys that are just super sick at
you know
reading something in the undercurrent of
the field that they trust and just are
are really accurate with but I don't
have access to that yet.
So how you mentioned already the word
train how do you coach or train that? I
don't know if you can I think you can
provide you know some resources to say
these are behaviors that correlate with
bluffing or not bluffing. Um but
breakdown right you have like a baseline
sort of behavior and then it's around
like uh misinformation uh or being open
or protective. Okay, I'll ask you I'll
ask you Renee. If someone is about to
make a sizable river bet and they take a
ch they take a stack of chips out and
they're counting half of that stack down
and you see them sort of hesitating
before placing the bet. If there's a
hesitation in the betting
motion, would you think this correlates
more towards them bluffing or having a
value
hand? if there's hesitation either in
the gathering of the chips or the motion
towards placing the bet. Yeah, I see
that sometimes that they maybe and then
they they grab a stack and then they
drop a couple of chips, so they put a
little bit less. Then I would I would
intuitively say that they're bluffing,
right? Because they wanted to make a
bluff, but they're they're kind of kind
of insecure about it, so they just, you
know, drop a couple of chips because it
feels that that's then how they can pull
a trigger. But hey, this comes from
someone who only plays online. So, let's
see.
Adam, care to place a wager? I think
it's going to go up the opposite way
just based on the way you frame the
conversation or the topic. But also, I
feel like when you're, let's say, I'm
bluffing and I'm picking up chips. I
want to get this over with quickly. So,
I just want to go done. So, I'm not
really thinking. I want to move my
motion quite quickly to just get the
bluff done. If I've got a value hand,
I'm like, hm, what should I do? I'm
thinking a little bit more. Should I
should I study this? So yeah, the the
the from what we have found and there's
sources that uh have done a lot of
research on this too that I won't name
but the the simplest principle here is
counter it's counterintuitive hesitation
actually correlates to
relaxation and someone who is value
betting is relaxed. someone who is
bluffing is trying to swiftly get the
job done without drawing any unnecessary
attention to them. Can you give me the
name of the author? I don't know why I'm
forgetting it, but I need to I need to
give him credit for his books because
these books were really the best
resource I ever Zack Lwood. Get all
three of his books. There might just be
two. I mean, I I have to pay credit
where where credit is due. Very few of
you will probably read these books, but
the ones who do, you'll understand the
value in them. So that's my gift to you
guys in the spirit of giving literally
everything we've ever created away this
week.
Yes. I would love to dive a little bit
into your own personal developments and
growth whilst running multiple
companies. So let's talk about your
detox periods. And you started out with
these losing players, turn them into
winners, but that soon grew into a big
company, a big poker brand with high
performers and a big team to manage. So
I'm curious to know for you as an
individual, how did you have to uh
upgrade yourself, change the way you're
operating in order to manage a a large
team of high performers?
My communications probably were the zone
that I improved that stand out to me is
like you know if I look at the full
scope of the last decade the arc of my
development as a person has
been
communications again at my best because
I can still get you know pissed off.
Specifically, what bothers me these days
is if I feel like someone is not being
direct in terms of solving a problem
that they say we're trying to solve or
if they're deflecting from an issue. I
get pretty
uh frustrated or assertive pretty
quickly there. But I think what makes me
effective with the team that I work with
is that uh I've chosen
people
to carry forward the initiatives of the
company that value truth at a very high
level. And what I mean by that is these
are people
who push come to shove would prefer that
we get to the bottom of a matter
regardless of how inconvenient it is for
anyone in the room. we all have a a
common objective and I think that is the
northstar of a company that performs at
a high level is it doesn't matter who
made a mistake. I mean one of the things
that I think I say fairly often when we
have you know a meeting that needs to be
handled assertively is I'll come in and
say I just need a straightforward
summary of how this happened and how
we're going to make sure it never
happens again. And I think that is
probably one of the things I can point
to that has made me more a more
effective leader is I will
just I I'm infinitely forgiving as long
as we can get to the bottom of what
happened and make sure that there's
upgrades being being made. And I think
that works in any relationship. I think
that there's a through line there
between how to become a kinder person
where I would say kind is different than
nice. I know that's become kind of a
cliche thing on social media that
everybody sort of uses that, but it's
true. It's like the kind person is not
just presenting something in a nice way.
They want to get to the bottom of is
there accountability being taken over
the behavior that has caused the rupture
and how are we going to fix it and make
sure that you care about fixing it.
So the thing that's helped me keep my
sanity as I've developed more
towards a a very high integrity form of
leadership I would call it. I mean I I
think that's what it is when I only
really care about getting the bottom of
what happened. So many iterations of
that in the company have led me to have
that preference. But it's really just
about do we care about the same thing
and tell me if we don't. I try to have
those conversations up front as often as
I
can. Are we playing the same game is
really the the simplest question to ask
because I'm playing a game where I'm
concerned with truth. And if you're not
playing that same game, I can adjust to
your game. But I want to know whether or
not you care more about having narrative
control or whether or not you care about
truth. And as soon as I know that, I
know how to interact with you in a way
that is way more
compatible than what I used to do, which
is assuming everyone cares about getting
to the truth. They don't. Not everybody
has as high a preference for truth as
others. So if you're asking me what the
leadership development was in my my
personal development, it would be coming
to the realization that not everybody
cared about the same things as I cared
about in terms
of the truth. I don't know how more
simply to put it. It it it was so
important to me to get to the bottom of
things. And then I started to realize
it's just not that important for people
to accurately account for what occurred.
And this goes back to the conversation
earlier about the player who will tell
you that he did all these things that he
never
did and then there's this discrepancy
and it's like well how do you how do you
reconcile that as someone who values
truth? It's very difficult. So it became
necessary for me to come up with systems
to manage that people seem to think very
differently than I do and have different
preferences for human behavior than I do
and then to figure out how to operate in
that world. And then I have people who
protect me. Like Paul, you can't see
him. He's on camera. But like Paul's job
is to go have conversations with people
who would require much higher levels of
diplomacy than I would be able to offer
them would be a good way of putting it.
And I think you need that. You need
people who understand how to connect on
a softer level instead of just always
trying to get to the bottom of how do we
solve this problem.
So my evolution is I've clarified I'm an
operator. Um not someone who necessarily
is best fit on the ground. But at the
same time, if you're a high performer
and you want to get to the bottom of
what's been going on that's blocking
you, suddenly I am the guy that you want
to talk to. And I have infin I have
infinite patience for that player.
So it's just really about what level
people want to meet at. I think with
self-development, interpersonal, the
interpersonal aspect of self-development
because I find I have very low tolerance
at this stage for anything that doesn't
get to the bottom of things. I just
don't have the time anymore. I'd rather
go do something with my kids or my wife
than run around in circles with someone
who's not ready to face the heart of an
issue. Is that a good enough answer?
It's very good. It's also Yeah. very
interesting in terms of it's almost like
making sure we're on the same page and
that we're going for the same objective
because if you're not any communication
is going to break down because I'm
trying to get here, you're trying to get
there. No matter which way we go around
it, we're going to clash on some level.
However, if as you mentioned playing the
same game, trying to get the truth, if
that is true, awesome. We can have a
different communication style, but if
we're both trying to get to a certain
outcome, we can still find common
ground. I can find a way to empathize
with you because I'm on your team.
You're on my team exactly where we're
trying to get to. So yeah, I think
clarifying that as well and not trying
to force somebody to care more, not
trying to force somebody to be on your
path and go, "Right, are we on the same
page?" So I really like what you were
saying about with your communication
style how you've improved. You're more
uh transparent. You you let the people
know this is what I expect. This is what
the solution upront. The more upfront
the better. It's funny as you're
speaking, I'm remembering I'm in a
negotiation this week with uh a big
potential partner from South America who
does not speak English. So, I'm going
through translation uh translators using
chat GPT to get the
negotiation done. And there was a stage
where I was I had sent a message that I
had, you know, spent a good amount of
time on making sure it was properly
charged, diplomatic, and I send it and
uh the translator for this guy messages
me privately right after I send it. He
says, "Uh, the man you're doing business
with prefers a very straightforward,
blunt style of communication. Please
just list in steps what you want." And I
was like, "This might be my guy. this
might finally be my guy. So, it
unfortunately he doesn't speak English,
but this is the type of communication
style that I rarely encounter that when
I do encounter it, I I I have a lot of
respect for it because I think I know I
can connect to the struggle that that
person went to to arrive at that
specific preference. People who have a
very straightforward communicate
communication style usually developed
from environments where they weren't
able to get to the bottom of something
quickly. There was a lot of gaslighting
occurring usually. And so I think this
this preference develops from a
background that I can relate to.
develops from really wanting to get the
job done and also not having a tolerance
at this stage for anybody who's trying
to pollute the environment with biased
information.
Yeah, I think that touches on the
challenge we have to uh try to move
towards objectives whilst dealing with
real people with their emotions, their
stories. If we could remove a lot of it
and go right, we're both trying to get
the solution. I'm actionoriented,
solution based, let's get these action
items going. Most people struggle with
that kind of bluntness, that kind of
directness. They want to uh feel
understood, feel heard, feel a lot of
different things in that communication.
So yeah, it must be refreshing and you
find it is and I think I mean the
through line of all this is like the
high per that the person who wants to
talk more about the emotions. This is
not strongly correlated with high
performance and it's not a judgment. I
understand at at certain stages a person
needs that for their development even I
mean a big part of my emotional
development was using the internal
family system structure of psychotherapy
that was huge for me I spent two to
three years two to three times a week in
therapy learning how
to talk to myself in a way that I was
never trained to do when I was a child
supportive self-t talk people who prefer
to have emotions coddled up front
usually have not developed a secure
central voice. And so I understand why
that's necessary. They need to feel like
it's safe before they can even entertain
logic. At the same time, it is
objectively
inefficient. And if we have to go to
that level first before solving
problems, we're going to be slower than
if we didn't have to do that. And so
what you see with the high performers,
I'm I mean you Jack said it the other
night at dinner. I said like I I do a
thing lately where where I say I'm going
to deliver the feedback and I want you
to ask I let them decide on a scale of 1
to 10 how much cander they would like me
to charge the feedback with with 10
being ultra
blunt. And I've learned to do that
almost as in the same vein as I learn to
ask someone up front are we interested
in truth because I just want to know
what game I'm playing. This is the micro
version of that. It's like we're having
a very difficult conversation. It's it's
on me and before I speak, I'll be like
one to 10. Anybody who's close to me,
they'll choose and I'll just jokingly
try to calibrate it. And so 10 is
usually like you're being [ __ ] stupid
or something along these lines like
you're being
ridiculous. It's a way to basically try
to meet them with whatever their
preference is. And the high performers,
they always pick high numbers on the
scale. In fact, the the kid I'm talking
about at dinner, he's like, "Why would
you ever not pick 10?" Like, it does for
a high performer, it doesn't make sense
why you wouldn't pick the most direct
form of feedback because they're not
there to be emotionally coddled or
handheld. The high performer wants the
answer. And this was a leading uh this
was the thing that Marinelli became
known for as he was, you know, leaving
the team. What he left behind was his
obsession with grit. You could read all
of his old forums and he just started a
new one on Run at Once, too. So, you'll
probably see it leaking through all of
his messaging there, too. Everything
about him was
designed, his DN is in his DNA to get to
an answer. No matter what it took for
him to find the answer, he would plow
through every forum, every discourse
thread. It wasn't an option for him to
not arrive at the answer. And he called
it grit.
It was a word he used more than any
other and I've heard it called other
things. But his
grittiness to get to the bottom of
something puts him, you know, as someone
who would be on the high end of the
scale of wanting delivered, they want to
be delivered the truth as efficiently as
possible. And it connects back to what
Patrick was saying about the difference
between the high performer that I
mentioned early on. You tell me has a
leak, you can expect it won't be there
in two weeks.
Yeah, I think high performers, they want
to get to the answers quickly as well.
They don't need that time in between to
to waste time. I have some friends who
come to mind if I give them a ring.
There's no small talk. It's like what do
you need? What's the decision? And we're
done in like 20 seconds because it's
quickly this is what I know what I'm
ringing for. I don't need to ask about
his day, what he's up to. Let's get into
business. And other people that'll be
quite offensive. So, as my girlfriend,
he me ring those friends like that was
really blunt you. I was like, they want
directness. They don't want me to
offload. But yeah, I think it's really
interesting to uh to navigate that.
Yeah, I was actually curious then, Nick,
what uh what number does your wife pick?
It depends on her mood, I guess. But uh
she's pretty she prefers these days a
pretty candid approach. I mean, the
people who are close to me, I I have to
give them all the credit in the world.
I'm a very difficult person to be close
to because my standard has become so
high for the truth of the matter that
oftentimes it's I just become very
inconvenient for people. But I think the
people who know why I am uh like that
tolerate me. So I have to appreciate
that I do have people in my life that do
understand it. Big shout out to our
sponsors. First off, GTO Wizard. If you
are looking to level up your game, let
me tell you about GTO Wizard. It's got
everything you need to improve. Whether
you're just starting out or already
crushing it, you got tools like a hand
history analyzer, a GTO trainer, and
even custom drills to help you sharpen
your skills and make smarter plays. It's
what so many guests we have had on use
to dominate cash games and tournaments.
Get started for free and get 10% off
your first purchase using the link down
below, gto
wizard.com/mechanics. If you sign up,
you also get access to the weekly
coaching webinars where you can learn
from me and other great coaches. So
looking forward to educating you guys
over there. Next up is Coin Poker. Coin
Poker is one of the fastest growing
poker rooms in the world right now. In a
world where sites seem to care less and
less about their players, Coin Poker is
showing good promise, listening to the
community, and providing a safe and
sustainable playing environment. Join
the action. Get 33% rake back and 150%
deposit bonus using code TM OP or
register using the link in the
description down below. But without
further ado, let's continue chatting
with Nick. So, in 2022, you decided to
take a step back from your active roles
with detox. What led you to take a step
back from detox? And what was it like
letting go of control of something you'd
built from the ground
up? Letting go of the control felt easy
at the time. I felt like I
had established more than I did in terms
of standards
uh on both the executive side and the
culture. I think I wasn't prepared for
the types of problems that we would
start to encounter uh without me being
on the ground. And I don't think that's
necessarily the fault of the team that I
delegated to handle things in my
absence. I think it was
more the developing landscape requiring
new problems to be solved and those
problems weren't be they were not being
solved fast enough to
prevent the satisfaction of the player
the client from being affected. So I
think in if I were to look back and say
what was my mistake, my mistake was
probably in thinking that we're in a
stable market where things are not going
to shift much and I can sort of step
away without having to be on the ground
to keep innovating to stay at the, you
know, on the forefront of this industry.
Anytime you do that, I think your
competitors just start to sneak up on
you. And it's not even competitors as
much as it is your culture starts to
stagnate because no one is really
pushing into the next level of
innovation aggressively at least. In any
stage
where the company was thriving, it was
because two or more of the executive
leaders were aligned on the ground
really carving into the next level of
the product. So, it was that product
innovation that was being pinged off of
the player base and saying, "How are you
guys liking this? What would you like to
see different?" Something about that
continuous flow of innovation and
getting feedback seems to be what
creates a system or and a culture to
thrive. And in our case, what we ended
up realizing was you can't actually
separate the two.
The biggest lesson that I think we
understand now in 2025 that we did not
understand clearly enough until early
2024 was you cannot actually separate
the culture of a team from the capacity
of the players on it.
It shouldn't make it should not be that
way in theory and you would think it's
less likely to be that way with high
performers and that's true. But the the
effect that strong culture has even on
high performers still takes them to
levels you wouldn't be able you wouldn't
expect it to be able to. It's still way
more important for the high performer
than you would expect. It's incredibly
important for the low performer but even
for the high performer you still get
disproportionate returns on having
better culture. So everything we do now
in terms of uh the guys we still have
contracted where that model will still
that model will dissolve into something
simpler. We won't be doing makeup deals
anymore at least at high stakes. Um, I'd
like to go into that just a little bit
as to why we made that decision, but
those deals are all cleaner and they
allow the players to basically just
arrive at a level where they have access
to all the best games. They've built
enough trust where they can be placed in
private. That group is at this point
around like 10 to 20 guys that still
exists. And that was down from the 85
member team that we started implementing
cuts on back in the beginning of 2023.
So we've really whittleled it down quite
a bit. I mean, it's just been a process
of negation for the last two years of
getting very clear on what our standards
are for the culture and who is meeting
them and being extremely candid at each
stage about who's going to be moving
forward to the next level with us. And
no judgment if your philosophy is not
what ours is, but we are evolving. I
mean, that's one of the harder
conversations to have with players who
have been on the team with you for some
time. Um, it's just the evolution of
explaining to them that we're evolving
in a way that might not be in alignment
with you, and that's okay, but we just
need to have this conversation to see if
you're coming with because we're going
over here. Um, it's that transparency
again, that direct communication. So,
you mentioned when you did step away
from detox that you had to learn to do
nothing, which was harder than any poker
problem you've had to solve. What was it
like to do nothing and how did you deal
with that over that period? I healed for
a couple years. I focused pretty
extensively on just resolving a lot of
uh stuff that I hadn't been able to
really close the loop with. going
through the period of building detox. It
was, you know, a very intense five years
in terms of all the lessons that you're
learning both
uh intra and
interpersonally. And I tried to take as
good of notes as I could throughout the
process, but
like I was working hard enough during
that period where I never really got the
chance to really integrate all of it.
Um, and so it was a period for me of
just like revisiting notes and paying
close attention to like what are the
triggers that still come up in my life
on a daily basis and how can I use you
know the
information the data of the last five
years of of doing something at a very
high level to inform how I do want to
shift my perspectives in these zones
that are still bothering me. I I think
the maybe the best maximum and this is
something that uh I first heard
clinically it made a lot of sense and my
wife and I have sort of like developed
our own vocabulary around this. It's
been probably the most helpful thing for
our relationship that I could name. But
the original clinical tweet that I saw
after I did a lot of my own internal
family systems therapy work uh around
the time where I took this break.
Internal family systems, for those of
you who don't know, is like a very
popular form of psychotherapy, IFS,
where you learn to communicate with
different types of emotions as if
they're different
parts. This Disney movie was based on
it. Uh I forget what it's called, Inside
Out or something. That was basically
like the personification of of IFS. IFS
seems to work really well for people who
can't contact
emotions clearly. It specifically was
popular with poker players. When I
started to bring it back after I went
through that healing phase, I was like,
I think I found something that could
probably help a lot of you who have the
same issue I had because I was never
taught how to work with my
emotions. So that's IFS. The maxim that
came from that tweet that really struck
me
was this was from a therapist that said
this. They said something like uh the
the journey through healing or
psychotherapy is basically moving from
an
extreme level of a belief back into a
place of security at a rate that you're
in emotional agreement with. So if you
were to in any perspective or belief
realm that we could identify if you just
think of it in terms of a continuum and
you have the extremes of that and then
somewhere in the middle the poker player
should understand there's a balance
point that balance point is how a secure
person would operate in that zone. So on
either side you end up having like a lot
of
reactivity. Uh so somebody drops a plate
and it smashes. A person who gets really
really reactive in that moment is
operating on one of these extremes. They
either project and they get super angry
or they go run out the door because
they're afraid. Those would be like
versions of the extreme response and the
secure person basically looks over. They
get shocked and their nervous system
regulates it and they're like is
everybody okay? It would be the secure
response.
So when I started to understand that
framework, it became much easier to work
with emotional responses because seeing
a framework like that for me at least
makes it make sense like where should I
be if I were healed in this zone? Where
would I be and what would my behavior
look like? So I became fascinated with
modeling secure behavior. I became
fascinated with like I wonder what a
secure response would look like in that
zone where I just reacted more than I
maybe would have liked to upon review.
Um and so I took this into a lot of uh
relationship work with my wife when when
we were getting, you know, pretty deep
into it. And what she noticed
was whoever cares more is usually being
more
extreme. Which is kind of a funny thing
for a a woman to say because that's more
of like a I would say that's like a very
masculine type of balance to be like,
well don't care very much and I'm more
bal I'm more secure than you. But like
she was able to spot that and I was like
damn that's actually pretty base. like
you could almost assess any in
interpersonal relationship or any
interaction based on who cares more
being the one who's operating from a
more extreme position in the moment. And
so that's like a first principle of what
I was really exploring during that time
is like how does human behavior map in a
way that a poker player could relate to.
What are we actually looking at here in
terms of like equilibrium? what is the
equilibrium in any situation depending
on what perspective or belief is being
activated. Uh and then just getting
curious about like how could I behave
differently in that spot? What would it
look like to be more effective in my
communication in that spot? And so I
think that's where most of my inner work
started to circulate back into
relationships with others is like I
would take what I resolved in that
belief system and be like okay that's
going to change how I communicate in
that in that situation with someone when
that happens again. And I think that's
sort of
how
real
transformation that's how I gained
conviction in my transformation. It was
one thing to really feel like I had been
resolving a lot of stuff when I stepped
away during this time. It was another
thing to come back and realize it had
directly changed how I was able to
relate with other
people in a way that wasn't cliche at
all. I mean, you hear people say like,
you know, how you how you talk to
yourself is how you talk to others, but
like it really was a true thing that I
that I noticed and I I think it was very
valuable for me at that time.
I'd love to do an example of this for
yourself because it feels really
powerful in terms of the framework you
laid out there. I'd love to like wrap it
up for the the audience so they can get
something to take away. Well, why don't
I put it in the in the perspective of a
poker player who's talking himself
through a bad session because that's a
big part of what I where I noticed there
was a big upgrade available. So,
uh okay, let's pretend we're in a
session where everything is crumbling.
We're losing every hand. Okay.
And we're losing them in ridiculous
fashion. One
outers, stuff that should never happen.
And there's a pressure being placed on
us from somewhere that it feels like
we're not in control of where we're
running through
catastrophic sims in our head of
everything from the poker gods must hate
me to this may never turn around. How am
I going to make rent? All of these
places the mind can cascade into when
it's not sure whether or not everything
is safe. I would say it's the simplest
way of putting it. There's a fundamental
threat when you're running as bad as I'm
describing in this session. Okay. So, if
a player were to ask me, you know, what
does the self-t talk sound
like from a traumainformed
standpoint? There's a word that I love.
It's called uh resourcing. Resourcing is
basically when you are able to move your
nervous system back into alignment with
a series of I wouldn't call them
affirmations, but I'll just sort of
model it so you guys can get the point
of like how this works. So, if I were to
resource myself in this session and be
like, "Bro, you got this. Like, you're
prepared. You your study is good. You
didn't make mistakes in those spots. It
might have been slightly different than
the sim you looked at there and maybe
you rolled 10% too high, but like you're
good there. Like we got a hand over
here. Okay. Oh, another two outer. Okay.
Well, we're bankrolled. We have a
bankroll. This is why we have a
bankroll. That's like a [ __ ] really
funny one that I tell people to just
constantly remind themselves is like
this is why we have a bankroll. Um, you
can say things like this to yourself as
you're navigating the session where it
helps you bring yourself back to the
position of conviction that I know where
my edge comes from. So everything when
you're resourcing a
secure narrative should be anchored in
am I giving myself reassurance over
where my edge comes from. And if you
can't do that then it's an indicator
that you aren't studying the right stuff
or that you have gaps in your knowledge
framework that are worth addressing in
study. So, ideally what you want is to
be able to leave a really bad session
with notes. Specifically, like I always
tell guys, use the use audio. If you
don't want to type during your session
because it's too um too much friction,
get the audio recording up. And while
you're right after the hand that caused
you some type of
confusion, acejack suited on 54 deuce
two-tone. He check raised the turn and I
felt XYZ. I felt myself drifting into
wanting to re-erra all in, but I ended
up just choosing the risk averse option
and I'm not sure if it was right. Now I
have that locked in. I have my exact
thought in the hand that caused me
cognitive dissonance. And if I have a
collection of those, I can take them for
a walk after the session and start to
carve them down into real questions. And
those questions are what form the basis
of the next study session. The goal of
the poker player should be to
eliminate the amount of instances where
confusion in session causes cognitive
dissonance because the dissonance is
what's going to leak into the next
mistake in the following hand. I mean,
we can talk about having a big leak and
how big of a problem that is, but the
silent killer is what happens in the
hands following you questioning the
previous hand. That's where all the the
bigger mistakes end up getting made.
That's where the drift occurs. And to
the point about people not even
remembering what actually happened, this
is where you see confabulation creep in.
The guy's thinking about three hands
before and he has no recollection of how
he folded in that spot that really
required him to defend or he missed an
easy spot to pull a trigger. And you'll
go and you'll review it with them and
they sometimes they have no recollection
of the hand happened. Okay. Other times
what they'll say is uh I remember it but
I thought I'll I'll just take the
aggressive action next time. This was
one of the top things we noticed in uh
consults with players who were missing
aggressive zones. Plus EV aggressive
option is on the table. They drift
passive. We're noticing in their
database there's a super long passive
drift and the player's justif justifying
it by saying uh I'll do it next
time. So all these different ways that
like you can just see this type of
insecure narrative develop. And that's a
that one doesn't sound like it's, you
know, overly reactive, but it's a it's a
huge culprit in guys that are not able
to consistently deploy. Marinelli
probably said something in a tweet. I
forget exactly what the quote was, but
it was like, "In order to be a super
highass poker player, you have to do
insane [ __ ] all the time that doesn't
seem normal and keep doing it
consistently, relentlessly almost. I'm
butchering the tweet, but like it was a
nod to how relentlessly crazy you need
to be willing to look with aggression
frequencies in certain spots if you're
going to really dominate.
Yeah. And how challenging that is when
the mind is not confident in the moment.
It is doubting yourself. And I really
like what you said as well. It's often
not the mistake in the moment. What is
what happened next? It's that lack of
confidence that then filters into the
next few hours of play or at least the
rest of the session and you start
questioning yourself. You start making a
lot more mistakes. See, I think what you
were talking about there is like almost
identifying those triggers, those
reactions in yourself, building
awareness. I think that's the often the
first part of any self-improvement is
awareness of what's happening spot
tendencies. And then you were talking
about resourcing, which I would call
reframing in terms of getting you back
in balance. So if you're one side of the
spectrum, you can't just arrive back in
the middle. You need almost like a voice
of reason to uh recounter that the
thoughts are not calibrated correctly.
So you need to recalibrate them with
something that you could anchor to to
bring you back to uh that balance point
as you mentioned with your own
developments. What would the secure me
do? What's the secure version of me in
this moment? And very often the secure
version just accepts everything. It's
like okay done. I'm okay with it. And
anytime you can't accept stuff now I've
got to do mental work. When you accept
stuff there's no mental work to do. So I
always feel like the goal of our time is
how do I accept everything that happens
in in every moment and when I can't oh
can't accept this one. as you mentioned,
you care too much. I care too much about
the outcome. I care too much about my
image. Okay, cool. I care too much right
now. How do I get myself back in
alignment with some sort of resource in
that moment in practice? Practice that
skill over and over till I learn to
accept it more till I get back to that
that moment. So, yeah, so many things
that my mind was sparking there. But I
think that was the really until you've
done the work. I mean, there's you can't
speak like you just spoke unless you you
worked through that stuff. And the the
secure response thing is like it's such
a big it's such a huge thing to be able
to get to the place where you can ask
yourself that that question of like what
would it sound like here if I was more
secure in this zone. A high performer
needs to be willing to they need to want
that. I think that's really when
conversations result in progress is when
the high performer can say like how
would you replace my perspective in this
zone? Oh, I love that question. That guy
has my infinite patience. How would you
replace my perspective in the zone if
you wanted to make it more
secure? That's the only type of guy I
love sitting down with these days
because then we can riff on it and I can
I can ask questions like, okay, well,
when that thing happened, I forget what
you just said, Adam, but this what
sparked it. You said like, uh, you
weren't okay with this thing in the
moment. So, when you weren't okay with
it, what part of you was not okay with
it? That prompt, which is an IFS prompt,
because it puts it in parts therapy
form, seems to create way more awareness
in people who have not been able to
develop the skill set to the fullest
yet. Once you say, "What part of you is
threatened?" Now, they're able to grab
on to something. So, these are the
conversations that I that I love having
with players who who really want to go
deep. It's it's probably the only real
mindset work that really still inspires
me lately. And um I just want to
acknowledge you for the way that you
framed it because you're clearly you're
clearly at a high level with it. Yeah. I
think it's taken away that full
personalization of this is me and create
a kind of a part where you can examine
and correct. And we all want to get
better. We all want to improve. We don't
want to be reactive people. We want to
be high performance what we do. But
sometimes we feel like we're not like as
a full entity. In act challenging to
solve, but once you go, oh that part of
me was triggered. Okay, let's explore
that part of it. Let's fix it. some like
going to the gym and going I've got weak
biceps. Okay, cool. We can we can do
some exercise for biceps and we can get
a little stronger and now it's a problem
that can be solved rather than a
deficiency that is just innate to you. I
think that's where mindset gets very
practical when we can start to piece
things together, get parts and go right,
how can we fix or upgrade this exact
part in this exact moment. So when this
happens again, you're ready. We can fix
this almost like a a car that's got a
flat tire. We can fix the tire. We can
we can upgrade that part of the the
system. So yeah, I really like your
practical way. I think we we converge a
lot on on this as well. All right, I
really want to transition now into the
current day. So, let's bring the story
together. You've done the detox chapter.
You've done some of your inner healing.
You've done a step away from being busy,
being a business, but then something
drags you back in from a new moment of
clarity, but also a new venture. So,
talk us through how you entered the
private cash game arena and how the
opportunity present itself.
It was a bit of a fluke. Uh, I spoke
about the on the Jungle podcast. I'll
give you the sort of the two-minute
recap of how I got back into it. So, we
had been doing a lot of consults with
players after the Marinelli era uh on
the CFP side and they were saying things
like, you know, we saw what you did with
Marinelli, we want to get to that level
where I think around the time Marinelli
did the podcast with you is when he was
like, you know, America's number one
player or something and he was pushing
seven figures a year. Not many guys get
to seven figures online. I mean, you can
look at Smart Hand or just ask around,
but like it's pretty rare. There's
probably 10 and on any given year that
do a million online um public at least,
you know, if they're not in private
apps. So, we did a lot of these consults
with guys in like the 200, 300, maybe
400,000 a year range and they're wanting
to know how to get there. And all we can
really say is, well, they used this
system and they worked
relentlessly. And those are the two that
you need to put together basically.
That's the only way we know how to do it
at
least. And then, you know, you would
start to see
them start to squirm a little bit. And
it was at that point where we realized,
you know, everybody wants seven figures,
but not everyone is willing to give up
everything for it. Like we saw how these
guys trained. We knew what they
sacrificed. That's why they're top 10.
But top 10 in this industry, at least
public online side, is a seven figure
cap. It's it's it's a million dollars a
year if you're one of the best. And so
it bothered us that we were a losing
potential with these contracts because,
you know, I didn't want to contract a
guy that I can't guarantee is going to
get where he wants to go unless he gives
up everything, especially if he's not
ready to give up everything.
So we started looking for where the
money is and that was what drove me to
the live scene eventually private. First
game I was invited to was one at uh Arya
table one game who are the guys we
eventually partnered with 18 to 24
months down the road at present day.
That game was very fun. I remember
walking into it feeling like this is
what poker is supposed to feel like.
This brings me back to the glory days
where we would see Money Maker and we'd
come from come home from high school and
we would watch the Full Tilt, you know,
Rail Heaven and Poker Stars and whoever
was playing
big. It really brought me back to that
feeling like the first home games too.
Even those guys, I mean, I don't know if
you know the table one crew, but it's
just a very home game vibe. There's
something different, something almost
like magical about being with that crew.
And I didn't expect it. I didn't expect
it to feel that way. I didn't expect to
make the types of connections I did with
a lot of players in the game, pros and
recreationals, who were just coming
through town. We were going out a ton
socially. We'd do, you know, restaurant,
bar, club, and you'd restart at 1 pm and
do it all over again. It got to the
point where, you know, three or six
months in, probably closer to three, we
were starting to look around, you know,
me and my closer friends in the game and
being like, I don't know if this is
sustainable, but this is amazing. Wonder
how long it'll last. And around the same
time, word got out about how much money
I was up in the game. At the time, I
didn't expect that to affect my seed
access, but because there wasn't clear
systems in place, it did. I started to
lose access and because I wasn't
bringing recreationals to the game
actively, which at the time was the only
real way that you could earn more seats,
I slowly saw that my position in the
lineup was
fading. And I understood it. I mean, it
was sort of just a this is what it is
and I'm not sure I understand how to fix
it type of situation. But it did create
a self-fulfilling prophecy where because
I didn't know how I was going to
maintain my axis. I basically started
to play
harder. I cared less about like, you
know, entertaining Renee, as you put it,
where it's like you have to show that
you care about the social side of the
game. That is an aspect of it. And I
think I was checked out at that point,
which didn't help my situation. In
retrospect, there was probably ways to
just, you know, correct this somehow. uh
if I would find a way to be better for
game experience. But in my head, it was
just like, I'm winning now. They
understand I'm winning and my my days
are numbered.
So, as I started to lose access, I I
started to put more attention on, well,
what if we could create real systems to
make sure that a pros access was not
dependent on how much money they won in
the game. I started to get pretty
fascinated with how that would work. I
started to look at it from the
perspective of there's a way to do this.
I know that there's a solution here. And
if we can find it, it also solves the
problem of the low six-figure online
grinder who's capped because he can't
make he can't ever make seven figures
online unless he wants to give
everything
up. Private would allow him to do that
if he could get
access. So, we started solving for
access. We started to really break it
down for the first to the first
principle which ended up
being what does everything depend on in
order for the game to be healthy. What
is the common interest of the gamer
runner, the pro, and the
recreational? Well, it's a fun
experience. It's what's it's what's
whatever is good for the game because if
the recreational has a good experience,
that game survives.
So the first principle of stacks which
ended up being the agency that developed
from this evolution of designing new
systems without
politics. The heart of stacks is
everything functions around whether or
not the recreational had fun at the
game. And if the recreational is not
having fun, then something is wrong. And
if we know that, then the systems for
access can be designed around whether or
not the pro is interfering with the
recreational's experience in a negative
way. So that became the northstar. That
is the only metric that should determine
if a pro loses access, not how much
money he makes. Whether or not the
recreationals enjoy playing with him is
what should be considered.
It doesn't sound like, you know, a super
genius realization and it's not. But
when we finally isolated it, we stayed
with that question long enough and did
enough research that we were able to
create real protocols. We were able to
start to determine how would you rank a
player's experience in the game in a way
that's simple enough that if his
experience score ever fell below a
certain threshold, it would be justified
in, you know, giving him less access to
the game. And so now we basically survey
recreational players, other pros, and
game runner
uh accounts of what your what their
experience is with different pros in the
games that we place. And depending on
their reports, we'll make
adjustments. These days, I don't think
it ever needs to be you're out and
there's no way back in. See, that's what
a lot of players get afraid by in terms
of stepping into private. We released
the private poker access playbook as
sort of a solution to that initial
anxiety. This was something that we put
out for free a couple weeks back where
we compiled all of the notes that we had
of the closed dooror meetings we had
with top game runners who had
blacklisted certain pros in the Vegas
network for behaviors that pissed
recreational players off. Stuff that was
purely bad for experience. Not close.
stuff that was almost like unforgivable
from the eyes of the gamers and it's not
even worth
training. Stuff that never really leaves
that room unless we put it all together
and release it in a 10-minute read like
we did. That's out there so that you can
basically brush up on all the things
that would get you immediately
blacklisted from a private game. Just an
easy example, guy three bets to
$1,075 using the three green chips for
no reason other than that it's the
perfect robot sizing. Yes, it's solver
approved, but it's also a gigantic red
flag to the entire table and the the
recreational player is just sitting
there being like, I wish this guy wasn't
so annoying and didn't care so much
about perfect sizings. So, we put all
that in one place. That's what players
can look at who are wanting to get into
private and nervous about taking that
first step. And then once you're
inside with access through stacks, we
are basically able to save you in ways
where you wouldn't be given second
chances before. We have feedback systems
now so that players can, you know, get
alerted when their behavior is drifting
in a way that might make them worse for
the game instead of it having to be this
big black and white
decision. So that's what STAX is. was
the first full spectrum agency that both
prioritizes the recreational experience
uh which is a huge part of the client
success management side uh for bringing
new players to the game and then we
balance it by making sure that the pros
are behaving in alignment with what
recreationals enjoy being around in the
games.
I love how this came about from your
experience of having a fun game and then
realizing what how can I have more fun
games? How can I create an environment
for this and you went back to first
principles of the recreation fun? And
then most people stop there. They go,
"All right, well recent fun then that's
it." But you you've decided to create a
whole ecosystem around that principle. I
was almost thinking like each each rake
has a fun ability in it's like you're
fun, you're not fun. And yeah, it's
really interesting for me listening to
this to think how you went into
executing that. So, I love the vision,
love the dream, love the the passion to
want to create really fun games for the
recreation and a long-term access to
games for the pros. But in practical
terms, how do you go about creating that
system? How do you go about creating
these fun players where the recreation
is having a great time and they want to
keep coming back for more? So, the first
model that we used was basically a
free free response. you know, we would
give it to different pros,
recreationals, and game runners, and
we'd say, "So, uh, our agency had a pro
in the game. We'd like your feedback on
how you enjoyed that pro, or perhaps if
you didn't enjoy playing with
them." And then we also had something
where for the game runners specifically,
we would have them rank the experience
score of the player on a scale of 1 to
10. Problem we ran into there is like,
who do you consider to be a 10? and
without these baselines of like who's a
10 like 10 out of 10 experience score.
So maybe you say uh Allan Keading, he's
a 10. But then the gamer would be like
no Alec if if airball is a 10 then Alex
is a
20. And so now we now we end up in these
discrepancies of like well who's who in
terms of what is a 10? Who who agrees on
what? And
so in the spirit
of working with someone like my brother
Patrick, I mean this brought us back to
the early days of detox where we had to
decide how we were going to create
things as simple as bluff catching
protocols.
So if you understand or have ever uh
encountered the MDA methodology we built
what you will see is
a a system that was stripped from the
book thinking fast and slow. There's a
chapter in that book I believe it's
Daniel Conman where they talk about how
there were studies done around people
not businesses not being good at
conducting interviews. Okay. And I
believe the way the story goes is they
realized that the simplest, most
effective way to determine whether or
not someone was a good fit for the job
was to just have 20 questions where they
could either respond in a way that was
suitable or unsuitable. If they
responded suitable, it's a plus one.
Unsuitable minus one. And you get
through all the questions and you add
them up and you get a plus or minus
score.
this ended up being far more effective
than all of the subjective, you know,
free form
uh evaluation. Okay, so that's what we
knew was successful with creating the
strategic protocols. And I saw this
principle emerge again when we were
trying to create the experiential
evaluations. Another way you could think
of this is a first principle that I
really love, which is let's not track
anything that doesn't change our
behavior.
So, if a piece of data that we're
tracking does not change the behavior,
then it's not worth
tracking. Uh, it's a principle that Alex
Horoszi talks about a lot that's super
useful regardless of what realm you
apply it to. And so I started to look at
the way that we were getting these
reports done for the players and I said,
"Okay, well, the way that they're
expressing their experience with these
players is not presented in a way that
would actually change our behavior over
whether or not we would place this
player again or even place this player
before this other player in line since
we have different players that we could
place at any given time." What we
arrived at ultimately was a pretty
simple form that's basically just did
you like playing with the guy? Um, would
you rather play with this guy as opposed
to another average or unknown rag? I
believe the term we use is
unknown. And simple stuff like that
where like depending on what their
answer is, it's pretty binary. And if we
get multiple hits from multiple people
that create a negative suitability,
we're like, "Okay, this guy's at minus
three. he needs to basically be
addressed about his behavior and he's on
probation until we see some type of, you
know, acknowledgement or improvement in
that zone. So these days, it's just much
more that format where if the player
ends up with a negative suitability
score based on some very simple
questions that are very easy to answer
for all parties, that's when we would
basically create a performance
improvement plan or PIP. And the PIP is
designed to basically rehabilitate the
players experience score by, you know,
raising awareness to him around like,
okay, you did these specific things in
this game that rubbed recreational X the
wrong way. Do you remember these are you
interested in, you know, behaving
differently next time? all these things
that usually could uh result in
confabulation and them having a
different side of the story which is the
most interesting part because then we
have to go and get multiple accounts of
did this guy actually behave this way?
Is this report corroborated by multiple
reliable sources in the game? Because
sometimes like if you get a recreational
who loses a pot to a guy, their report
of how the pro behaved in that moment is
often unreliable because they're just
tilted. So, you can't just go around
like assuming everything that a a
recreational says is truthful,
especially when they're losing. And same
goes for pros, too. It's not that
recreationals are inherently
unreliable, but they often have more
distorted stories around the way someone
behaved when they're losing. And that
would be a situation where we just need
to corroborate it. Should this report
actually ding this pros experience
score? Do we have enough evidence to do
that? Hope that gives you a bit more
understanding of how we go about ranking
the players and how we try to stay as
objective as possible with it. And
ultimately, it takes a
significant it takes a series of
significant mistakes that go un
underached by the player in order for us
to say we won't place you anymore. A
probation could occur, but probation
should
always result in a player having a
second chance in my eyes at least
because mistakes happen and it doesn't
need to be a, you know, all or nothing
event if you make a mistake in a private
game that rubs someone the wrong way.
Yeah, it feels like it's the alignment
of what makes a good game and a fun
experience with the fun experience for
the recreational driving everything
else. And if that's true, recreation has
a good time, the rec the regs know how
to facilitate that and do the right
things to uh facilitate experience,
everyone's a winner. So let's say that
the gets proven true. Let's say the
recreation is having a great time. How
do you think that fundamentally changes
the ecosystem of live games, private
games? It's a great question.
So the reason that stacks
exists, the reason I pursued it, aside
from wanting to solve the problem of how
could I prevent someone from losing
access in the way that I did, it was a
retention problem that we were noticing
in the ecosystem around the time when uh
when we were playing a lot. I mean, I'm
referring to like me and the core group
of co-founders who came up with the
concept for
stacks. We were fascinated by how
often recreationals would bounce to
other games or perhaps even bounce out
of the ecosystem after they had a bad
experience in a game. Now, what would
create a bad
experience more than anything is if
there were too many pros in the
game. All of the games were making the
same mistake. And we saw cycles of this
occurring. You would have great games
during high season. Low season would
come around and games would still run,
but they would run thin and they would
run around one or two VIPs that
day. But the recreationals, the VIPs,
they're not dumb. They can feel what's
happening. And their response to that
is, I didn't like that. I didn't
appreciate that game being run at that
action threshold. The action threshold
is a term that we've coined to describe
what the game feels like to a
recreational when there's six pros in
it. There's not enough action. Unless
those pros are very good at providing
action, which is another thing that
makes a pro good for the game. But a lot
of these games, they were just tight
pros. And those guys probably shouldn't
have been been in the game in the first
place. the recreational has a bad
experience, they bounce to the next
game. And if it happens frequently
enough in the same window, they may
bounce out of the ecosystem entirely,
which is bad for the game on the whole.
It's bad for everyone. So when we looked
at it from a business model, there was
something terribly wrong with the churn
rate of the recreational in these games.
There was just way too much churn for
how few recreationals were flowing
through the ecosystem.
And if you look at it that way, then
basically you arrive at the conclusion
that we need to solve for
churn. This the ecosystem cannot sustain
this churn rate. And it's horrible if a
recreational player bounces out of the
ecosystem entirely because poker left a
bad taste in their mouth. I mean, that's
the worst thing that could happen for
everyone.
The justification for running these
games with too many pros was anywhere
from we want to keep doors open so that
more players can walk in on any given
day and we could potentially grow the
player base. Other justifications were
we just want to prevent this player from
going to an enemy game across the
street. So we'll run it just so he
doesn't end up going and playing the
other
game.
Ultimately, churn
was the the biggest thing that we
realized was the flaw in the business
model and it was what STAX was created
to solve. At least on the VIP
acquisition and experience side of
things. We made a bet that if we could
solve for churn that it would be more
expensive in the short run because we
would sacrifice the opportunity to run
uh games at a higher frequency but the
games would be very high quality and
recreationals would quickly want to come
back again and again and again.
So we ended up aligning on this. I mean
the co-founders and then uh the partners
of the games that we organize with I
think they all subscribe to this
philosophy now that like especially if
the recreational who's playing that way
that day has identified as a player who
really wants a lot of
action which becomes a non-negotiable
for us at least placing that player
stacks will not book him into the game
if he has said I have a certain action
threshold that I do not like to play
beneath
and what that might sound like when we
sit down with the recreational in a
consult. It's the first thing we do.
I'll say, "Tell me everything you like
and you don't like and I will make sure
that it's upheld."
Specifically, I always mention action.
Especially if they're interested in
talking about preferences. Sometimes a
guy will just be like, "Make sure the
four seats open for me. I like the
four." But a lot of these guys, they
have specific preferences around how
many pros they like, maybe even what
pros I don't want to ever play with. And
if someone mentions that, it goes in
their profile on the back end of our
client success management for stacks and
it becomes a non-negotiable when I
organize with the gamer runner that day.
I say, "Hey, we have John today. John
has this action threshold. He needs to
be in the three seat and these are
non-negotiables." Just giving you an
example of like what it could sound
like. And that way the gamer runner
knows, okay, if I want Jon to keep
coming back to the game, these are the
conditions that we need to
satisfy. It's designed to prevent Jon
from churning out of the system, which
is good for everyone because we solved
for game experience, which we decided
was the number one thing that would be
healthy for the ecosystem on the whole.
So, that's sort of how that piece fits
into uh that's sort of how optimizing
for experience clicks back into the
client success management side of STAX.
We're really doing two things at once.
holding pros accountable to making sure
their experience is one that's enjoyable
to enjoyable to be around. And we're
also holding game runners accountable to
only running lineups that
are acceptable to the preferences of
specific VIPs.
Yeah. So, it feels like it's all about
tailoring the experience for each
individual recreational player and
everyone else is like is playing around
that. So, the horse are playing around
that and the players themselves. So,
let's try and piece together the player
elements and making sure they fit into
the ecosystem. So, let's say you've got
one of those players who's making six
figures online. He's again bit of a
roadblock in terms of his potential. He
wants to start playing more live. He's
got little live experience. He's a
little bit awkward, bit introverted.
Thinks this sounds great, but he's like,
uh, I'm probably not really going to be
too fun to play with because I'm afraid
robotic. How do you kind of bridge the
gap to that type of person who would
love to play those games? He's
open-minded to to learning your
philosophies of creating a good game,
but he's coming in with a bit of a blind
spot.
Sure. So, the first thing I'd say is
read the playbook because it'll make
sure you don't make any of the huge
mistakes that'll get you, you know, in
trouble right off the bat. If you can
avoid those mistakes, then we have tons
of room to work with them. But you just
can't do some of these like really
blatant
u mistakes like the ones that I
mentioned before
or stuff that would probably appear
obvious to most people, but some people
don't know and that's why we made the
book. So once they get those out of the
way, there's two angles that we could
help them become better for the game
through. The first angle or avenue would
be, are you giving enough action? And
more specifically, are you giving that
action in a way that's calibrated so you
don't have to sacrifice too much EV to
do it?
We work
with private pros who have a passion for
exploring strategy development that is
actionfriendly and also minimizes EV
loss. It's probably becoming one of the
more fun, valuable strategy development
departments um that we're pursuing. So
what that might look like
is if you're in a spot
where the EV of the decision is
relatively neutral, you can run your
decision-m framework through some simple
first principles to decide what you
should do in a way that's better for the
game. I mean, the simplest of which
would just be ask the recreational which
option he
prefers. Most don't even think of this.
would you like me to? Would you like a
call? Do you want to gamble or do you
just want to take it down? He'll tell
you. And if you've already identified
it's neutral, like there's not a single
thing that could make you look more
friendly or, you know, uh positive sum
for the experience at the table than if
you're willing to yield to the
preference of the recreational. So, like
that's a really easy one. Then there's
cool stuff, too. Like
uh I mean on my way out I was messing
around with like balancing a 10x open
size with the seven deuce bounty game on
where seven deuce if you win a hand with
seven deuce you get 20 big blinds two
from every player at the table and four
from the last guy that folds. It's a
fairly big bounty and basically means
like you should be trying to win with
seven deuce whenever possible. And so I
was doing stuff where like, okay, how do
I make myself look fun, splashy, while
also maximizing the chance that I can
take it down pre flop with seven deuce?
Well, one thing you could do is try to
balance an open size that's
absurd. Seven deuce, pocket jacks, a
couple suited connectors, and ace king.
That becomes its own range. And now it's
just like a recreational will look at
that and be like, "This guy's giving
action." And you're looking at it like,
"I'm kind of balanced. I don't know who
really knows, but this is fun. And I
think it makes sense in principle, but
you got to be willing to like, you know,
play on that edge of strategy
development because there's no Sims for
this type of stuff. Um, so there's all
these different ways where you can
curate
action, leaning it through filters of
how will it be perceived. And so what we
have on the back end of of stacks is a
series of developers who are either
really good at understanding the
technical thresholds where like the
simplest one would be you have to take
this spot even if it makes you look
annoying in the game. For instance, like
an aggressive action. A lot of times
like a recreational player gets
frustrated when they're facing
aggression in a spot where it's pushing
them to indifference especially and you
know making them have a hard decision.
But that would not be a spot where we
would ever advise a pro to make a
concession if it's high enough EV to
take that action. So at the point at
which it's worth enough money to make
the unfriendly play, you have to take
it. And that's why you need technical
analysts to be like, okay, like this is
not a spot where you should be
interested in making a strategy
concession to be good for the game. But
then you have a lot of these gray zones
where it's like way more neutral EV or
trending. And the solution in those
cases is to just like either ask the
recreational what he would like or I
mean we even have guys that are so good
at this. uh Paul who's sitting here with
me, he's like been probably instrumental
in innovating on this module for good
for the game because his biggest skill
set was just understanding how behaviors
are perceived through recreational
profiles and the recreational adore
playing with him. So, we look at what
guys like him are doing and one step
further, we can say, "Hey, Paul, you're
in this spot that this player is asking
about. How do you filter your decision
through this uh how do you filter your
decision here in order to be good for
the game?" And he can tell you what his
decision-making framework is from a very
non-technical
place. In fact, we advise him, don't
include technical in your answer. If we
tell you the EV is this, what would you
do to be good for the game? And if it's
within the threshold where we can
calibrate and make a choice, then a guy
like that on our team will be like, I
have enough experience in the spot to
know what's going to be appreciated and
what won't be, what's going to be
healthier for the action level of the
game. Generally, we're leaning towards
giving action, but not always because
sometimes it's better to let a hand go,
especially if you think it's, you know,
going to be something that the
recreational player just prefers and he
doesn't want to gamble really big in
this spot. a lot of nuances that you can
get into, but that would be what we're
calling the uh calibrated action sector
of becoming good for the
game. Side by side with that would just
be more of the behavioral solutions. So,
if a guy comes in, he has a lot of
anxiety, you know, we have mentors who
are part of the STAX Pro backend where
it's like, "Hey, man, uh we think you'd
be good to pair with this guy because he
came from your disposition. He's Eastern
European. He's got the stonefaced killer
look. We understand. Okay. And he can
help relate to you in terms of like how
you're being perceived and and help you
with some behavioral adjustments. Um and
then you have other guys who I I think
it's very uh what's a word for this?
Like psychoraphics is how we would pair
players. It's like this guy looks like
you and behaves like you and he overcame
this. This is the guy we want you to
consult with so he can help you with
some of these issues. That goes a long
way for players to be like, "Okay, this
Eastern European guy who shouldn't be
getting access in my mind has overcome
this and so I can do it too." Seems to
seems to matter.
I love this. It's all like how can the
player become a version of themsself
that is good for the game and what is
this player's path to become good for
certain game dynamics and how can you
give that person a path to that? It's
really interesting because you'd
normally myself before this conversation
would think more like, "Oh, these guys
are fun to play with. Those these guys
are really aggressive. they're good
action and other players just aren't.
Maybe you could get someone to be a bit
more aggressive, a bit more talkative,
but they're going to have a fundamental
personality. But the way you guys are
breaking it down, it's like, no, we can
make everyone or we can tailor
everyone's strategy through the lens of
good for the game first. And I guess the
the challenge comes for players buying
into this philosophy is to do that in a
way that doesn't cost them too much EV.
if you're getting them to be good for
the game, as you mentioned, trying to
find those spots where it's indifferent
rather than costing them too much from a
strategic point of view and then buying
into that philosophy. And if it sounds
like for you guys, it's a no-brainer.
You have to buy into the philosophy of
good for the game first and then your
own profit secondary. 100%. But it's
also not that hard to sell once a player
realizes how much a seat in these games
is worth over a significant time
horizon. Like the the first reframe we
try to help guys see when they come into
private is like this is no longer about
maximizing win rate. This is about
protecting your seat. Because as long as
you have this seat, I mean guys, we're
talking about 40 to 50 BB per 100 win
rates
plus in games that are five to 10x the
size they would ever be able to gain
access to online. So when you put it in
that proportion, it becomes immediately
clear that like protecting my seat axis
is of a higher order of relevance than
optimizing my win rate. And it's not
even close. Like it's a step order
function. So if we can connect on a on
that point logically with someone, then
they're like, okay, I get it. This is
like the big leagues in terms of hourly
rate, and I would never want to play for
thin edges if it meant jeopardizing my
access. So yeah, it's not a perfect
formula with the whole calibrated action
thing. It's not like you would have to
identify like, well, this has to be
exactly this level of neutrality in
order for you to forfeit your edge. It's
like, no, dude. It's like the most
important thing is that you stay in this
game. You're at this level. Don't don't
ever blow the opportunity to compete at
this level. This is the holy grail.
Everything you worked for has positioned
you to be able to have a,000 $2,000 an
hour rate. Like, it's it's real money.
It's a real opportunity. So, if you can
connect with them that it's important
not to be edge seeeking in these games,
I think that's the most important thing
up front. They have to understand that
they have to be able to put in in the
proper scope.
Renee, you've been playing live in Vegas
last summer. How would you rate yourself
on your fun ability for the games? I'm
uh definitely guilty of uh sometimes
picking up a bit too many chips. Uh so
with the with the stupid bat sizing even
though I remember I recall it's like
this I should not be doing but then sort
of everyone does it then you kind of
mimic it uh in a in a way. Other than
that I feel like I might take a little
bit too slow with my decisions sometimes
but that's also just because I'm
thinking and I don't want to act snap
because I see when I was playing I was
say like okay these guys give a lot give
away a lot of timing tells everywhere.
Uh, I don't know if other people are
paying attention to that, but I guess I
would have to find a little bit of a
balance there in terms of speed. But I
do think I'm social. Like I try to talk
to my neighbors. I try to talk to
recreationals. I introduce myself. I
ask, "Hey, what do you do?" You know, I
try to try to if I can give action even
if the seven dudes game is not on, I'm
telling you, I'm playing seven duce. Uh,
you know, these kind of things. I'm
definitely I'm there for the action. I
would have to say my experiences not
that great. I would say my experience in
in most of the games were not that
great. Um is is our hope for uh for a
public Nick like one of the reasons that
I wanted to have you on was you know
we're we're a podcast that we're trying
to educate. I think this is a very very
very important topic to educate people
on right. facilitating it more in a
private way because it's more of a
controllable environment. But I'm also
more interested in educating everyone
that's now listening online guys who are
going to Vegas for the summer to
[ __ ] you know, behave in a way that
even public games are more fun. Is is
there hope for public or does it does it
necessarily have to be private?
I want to believe there's hope. First, I
think some context is necessary
around why some of the decisions were
made to go private. And I'll preface by
saying that there is a lot of politics,
especially in the groups that are
operating in a more zero sum
fashion. And I want to make it clear
that my whole thing is trying to find
solutions here that are non-political
for every party. But, and I think I
mentioned it uh to you, Renee, at some
point jokingly as we were preparing for
this was that like you almost can't
blame game runners for wanting to move
private with how
much some of the pros who were
not interested in being good for the
game were hurting these games. I mean, a
big part of why the market developed the
way that it did is not just because
there's more money in private. It's
because there was a real problem with
recreationals already complaining in
public games about the pros that were
not contributing to the experience. So
there was like more of an order here
than I think people remember in terms of
what drove it to become more of a major
market shift as opposed to just like one
or two groups in each city that you know
were running a private game. Yes, the
money is clearly a factor, but the
driving force behind it being
incentivized from a good for the gain
game standpoint is that a lot of the
pros just didn't care what the
experience of, you know, the
recreational player was. And so a lot of
the pros that did care and thought that
they were pulling most of the weight of
making sure that these recreationals had
a decent enough time to return started
to say, "Well, why would we pick up all
the slack for guys that aren't
contributing at all? It just feels
selfish and unfair even."
So, I'm not justifying a lot of the
political decisions that were made, but
I do think it's a fair report to start
to introduce the other side of why the
private pros and game runners who did
decide to go this direction were able to
justify it from a game experience
standpoint at least a bit more than
maybe gets acknowledged when the
conversation happens normally. Would it
maybe be an idea to get like uh talking
about like giving everyone a fair shot,
right? Would it be maybe be an idea to
get the floors of all the major poker
rooms involved and that they keep an eye
out on like, oh, you know, we have Brad
over here. Brad is a regular in this 510
game. He's been doing really well. You
know, he's checking all the social
etiquets and then maybe they tip you of
like, hey, if you ever want to upgrade a
guy to seat, I think Brad deserves it.
Brad has been, you know, here starting
the games. Brad has been entertaining
the recreationals. You guys should give
bread a shot. It's a really interesting
idea. I had not thought about applying
the model to the public room, but yeah,
like maybe this guy gets preferential
must move access or something if he's
better. Exactly. Right. Reward reward
the guys for like keeping because for
example, let's say you have the private
game, right? And now suddenly that moves
who's still starting the regular game,
right? These guys should get some sort
of reward not only for starting it but
also like I said they have shown that
they also care about the playing
experience of the people who sit down.
So I feel like there should be some and
this could give incentive for people to
also behave in public games which would
be good for the ecosystem as a whole. I
like the idea. It's just a question of
who has enough incentive to enforce
something like that. Do the poker rooms
care enough? I don't know yet. But what
I do like about the idea of private
games done right, at least the way I
would describe the acquisition model
that I think is
appropriate, and I think many of the
major casinos would agree with the
statement that I'm about to make, but I
do not speak on behalf of them. This is
just my understanding of the business
mechanics of
it. As long as acquisition is coming
from outside of the poker room, it's a
pretty big win for the poker room. the
appropriate arrangement for acquisition.
Meaning, if a private game starts
plucking players from the public room,
well, that's cannibalizing the public
poker room. That's clearly not a healthy
model. So, private games that are making
sure that the players that they bring to
the game are being acquired from outside
of the poker room, not cannibalizing the
public table. Well, that's a healthier
model in general, and that's the model
that we support at Stacks. So, our
acquisition runs basically just through
the internet. I mean, nobody's running
around casinos trying to poach players
from public games because that's just
not a sustainable model that would be
either it's not functional, nor is it
above board.
I want to uh geek out with you a little
bit as a as a guy who loves poker
strategy. And uh one thing that I do
really like about playing life, side
games. Side games are a lot of fun
because what I like about
uh poker, I see poker more as a puzzle
and that puzzle has to be solved and
when you introduce new games, there is a
new puzzle to be solved. So, I want to
go over some side games. And let's first
start off with why are these side games
or I think they're also called carnival
games. Why are they good for a
game? Let's talk about squid or standing
game just so we have a a real example
that I think is the best game for the
game. Uh that would be my vote at least.
There's some other ones that we've
experimented with over the course of the
last 18 months. What makes a game good?
A carnival game, a warped game, or a
bounty game in this place. I'll put them
all sort of in the same category. What
makes them good for the game is is if
they incentivize a level of action that
requires pros to play
looser. And what makes it really good is
if it's not actually resulting in the
pro losing EV by doing so. And that I
think is a game that's aligned for the
experience
of the recreational player and the skill
set of the pro. So, the pro can geek out
on how can I make sure that I'm giving
excessive levels of action in carnival
games where you wouldn't expect it to be
correct, but if you were to model it,
oh, this is suddenly a really good spot
to be jamming any two cards. That stuff
exists in in standing game. And like,
you know, there's spots where you're
supposed to be calling off so wide that
if a person who wasn't experienced in
that zone were to look at it, they'd be
like, "That guy just torched an entire
stack on that call." Turns out it's
correct. So, it's like this perfect
synergy
of wide optimal play with uh catering to
a recreational experience that really
enjoys when there's tons of chips flying
around, when there's a lot of loose
action. You figure those two things out
and you have a great carnival game. I
think that's what Standing Game is
really poised to do. It's it seems to be
the number one in my eyes that will
continue. I've seen games fade out.
Standing game seems to be one that has
even started to emerge in online formats
now. You see some of the app games have
incorporated Squid or you know Squid I'm
using interchangeably with standing.
It's not the same thing. But you're uh
you're you're advocate of you must stand
up else it's not really stand up game or
you advocate of sitting down. I don't
care. I mean, I understand both sides.
Actually, some people think standing up
gives an extra behavioral edge
advantage. So, I guess I was I was going
to actually I wrote that actually down
like tails in in standup because people
can start bouncing around or where do
you put your hands? So, there's
definitely an extra edge I think to be
gained.
100%. I mean, I never delve too much
deep into it, but I have played with
people who are like very adamant that
you have to stand up if we're playing.
Otherwise, it's just not not fair. But
at that point, you get into Sorry, go
ahead. No, yeah, go ahead. I was going
to say at that point, if you force
standing, you get into the other issues
of game experience where like
recreationals might not want to stand
and now like do you really enforce it
and you have a whole another other
decision-making framework. Actually, the
first time I played it, uh this was in
uh in the game of Joe Viral. Uh he was
running that in Malta. I was living in
Malta and he invited me a couple times
and there also so you played stand up I
think every half hour. Uh this was
actually not reinforced in Vegas, but if
you accidentally sit down, you have to
also pay bounties and I accidentally sat
down a couple times. So that was really
[ __ ] tilting. And then if you lose,
they make you wear a mask for 15
minutes. That was also really annoying.
But that was also because it was a
streamed game on YouTube, right? So they
that was good for the for the audience
looking in. So there was an extra person
to entertain, not only the host,
recreational and pro, but there was also
the audience that you had to entertain.
Um, you were actually talking about uh
zero EV. Do you think these carnival
games uh level the playing field or do
you think it only widens the gap?
Objectively speaking, I would say it has
to level it because if it incentivizes
wider action than the recreational
player who has the notorious tendency,
the universal tendency of playing too
many hands pre flop, it's going to make
his strategy less losing. And I'm sure
you could find zones where he would play
so
poorly post flop that you could find
exceptions to the rule, but but they're
also passive often. And these games they
do they you want to be lose aggressive.
I have the feeling. It's true. So I
guess you would be measuring the size of
the mistake at every point across the
game tree which get which is why I'm not
trying to solve it that way. I'm just
thinking if I had to place a bet, my
first principal bet would be any game
that requires looser play is going to
have a recreational player losing less
than usual because the nature of their
loose tendencies won't be penalized as
much. That would be my bet, but I'm open
to be proven wrong. Yeah. So, I I was I
was asking around what what people's
fault were when when when we're playing
in Vegas. And for me, someone who also
thinks in terms of principles and tries
to break games down, for me, I see, for
example, let's say we play a double
board PLO bumpot. I see recreational
make huge mistakes. I like as a pro, you
understand that, you know, you're
playing two boards, we're playing PLO.
Uh so the hands, you know, there there's
a strategy aspect that if you're a good
decent poker mind, you'll be able to
figure out, okay, this is a new game.
This is how the game works. This is
probably what optimal stratey looks
like. I feel like recreational they have
no clue. So, we can change the game, but
I feel like pros will be way better at
figuring out this game. So, in my
limited experience, let me add to that.
Uh, I felt like it only gave us a bigger
edge because I saw recreationals make
way bigger mistakes, especially in bomb
pots, simply because they don't
understand that you need a stronger hand
on average, right? They think two pair
is still a good hand. Um, than, for
example, pros. There's two things that
are happening there. I think you're
correct. And what's also generating the
disproportionate edge is the fact that
the bomb pot is an inflated pot. So,
it's just worth more in general. So, I
think it's both. I think we can probably
find many situations where the
warpedness of the game gives the rag an
advantage that the that the recreational
will never find. But specifically,
anytime you bloat the pot, even if edge
were to remain the same, it would be
worth more. So, I think it's both. I
think it's interesting to think about.
And maybe I'm wrong. I'm open to maybe
my original position is is a bit too
reductive. But what I do know is it's
good for the game, at least with the
people that love the action. Like, I've
met some recreationals who don't
appreciate that game because there's
just too much going on or it's too hard
to figure out. So, I guess you got to
know your audience. But, um, that's
another thing that we basically ask in
the original consulting sessions when
we, you know, meet a new recreational
player for stacks. It's like, what's
your straddle preference? Some guys will
be like, I just don't like the three
blind game. Okay, how about standing
game? Like, we figure out before we put
them in the game whether or not they're
going to have an issue with this type of
stuff. So, that they know exactly what
they're walking into. I mean, the the
the easiest way to sum up what we do for
the recreational player is we want to
make sure the vibe and structure of the
game is on point before you ever walk in
so you never regret showing up. And
that's out of the words of the
recreational when we interviewed tons of
them early on when we were developing
concept. They're like, "I hate the idea
of committing to a game and then it's
not what I thought it was going to be
when I get there and I regret playing
that day."
Yeah. I mean like I remember the Joe
Valro podcast he said they want to go a
night out they have the option to go to
the cinema they can go to dinner they
can go to the strip club or they can go
to the poker table right you have to and
if they decide poker it's now your job
to entertain them so they this decision
gets validated they thought this was a
good idea right they could not be
getting a lap dance from a stripper but
instead they have to play a poker hand
with you make that as fun as the lap
dance but keep your clothes on
preferably Right. That's that that that
that's probably uh I assume that most
recreationalists would prefer that. Um I
want to I want to dive into maybe some
other games like you already mentioned
the standup game. Any other popular side
games that are often played? We had a
game running called Firetruck. That was
probably my favorite. Firetruck
functioned on a win three hands and win
a
bounty I believe. I mean, it's been a
while, but we had a physical firetruck
that would always roll into the pot. So,
it would sit in the middle of the pot.
If you win the pot, you get the truck
and you're on one, we'd say. So, that
means you've won one hand. If you win a
second hand, you turn the truck up. So,
it's vertical. Now, you're on two. If
you win the third hand, the truck sits
on its wheels and now your bounty is
active. Everybody paid you $100. And
from that point on, every hand you win
past three is another $100 per player
that they pay. So 200, then 300, then
400. And what what basically occurs here
is you develop a massive incentive to
win every next hand. So it can end up
being correct for you to just completely
punt. Like I think the record was what,
nine? I think I held the record for a
while over at win until people realized
how much action you should really be
giving. When you have a high truck
number like seven, eight, you just can't
fold. You can start open jamming really
wide.
Uh there was a point where I really
understood the the dynamics like it's
been a while since I played it, but like
the principles to of what was happening
clicked with me one day and I was like,
"Oh, I I understand what truck is now."
Like at the most basic level, I get how
this game works. It's a bounty game
where you basically get a rebate and
there's like this rebate functioning as
a dead pot that you're always It's like
a dead side pot that you're always
having
to Yeah. Actually, so so the only other
game that functions like that that I can
think of is actually the small blind
game where the small blind is the only
one that can win the bounty that's
active. The bounty sits on top of the
button every and and you add a big blind
to that bounty every hand. The button
wasn't when it moves always adds one big
blind to it and the small blind is the
only player who can win the bounty that
rests on the
puck. So, this creates similar dynamics
where I mean I played a hand with uh
Kier when he came I mean I've only
played with Kier a couple times but this
one stands out to me. is super fun to
play with. And uh I'm talking about Kier
Sullivan uh Sea Lama or whoever you guys
know from the online world. Uh so Kier
sits down and we're playing small blind
game
and there's like 40 be there's 40 bigs
on the bounty. So just think about this
for a second. like the it's been so long
since someone has won the small blind
that we've gone like two or three orbits
and now there's 40 big blinds sitting on
the button for the small blind to win.
Okay, so there's like action opened. Uh
I don't know, it's like 800 to go. I
flat 105 off because I have to play
every hand in range from the small
blind. I mean, there's 40 bigs dead pot
to play
for. Big blind three bets at 3200. Call,
call, call. I call. Now we have like a
15k pot or something. Uh, and I have 10
five off. Flop is 10 three deuce
two-tone and I'm sitting with like 20
25k looking into a 15k pot. And on
principle I'm like well I really want to
take this pot down right now. I
understand that principle of what's
occurring on the technical level.
protection is more important than it
would be here because I can risk a lot
to win way more than exists in the dead
in the main pot. Yeah, I was gonna say
because there's 15k for you, right? And
there's like a whole So you the the
basically the odds that you need for
your play to be correct is very
different for them to start calling you.
So you get it and and also like I I can
pot protect more effectively. So I can
sort of break the normal polarization
rules that would exist around open
jamming here. And so I rip and it goes
fold fold and uh it lands on Kier who
ends up having ace3 nut flush draw who
calls and uh the player behind ended up
folding king 10. So, I was I was smoked
either way, but I end up losing like a
100k pot tick here. Uh, you know, kind
of forced into playing this hand in a
way that I think is probably required
once I get, but but it's okay because if
you just think about
it, you're sitting there and you're
trying to make plus V decisions, right?
And which is what's or at least like
obviously I don't I don't know, but this
all sounds like plus V decisions to me,
right? So,
uh, yeah. I mean, like I I get I get I
get why uh why this is fun. The only the
only time I remember uh in Vegas I don't
play live that often. Someday I remember
there was one day where I was just
feeling very uncomfortable. Uh and
obviously all these side games and stuff
it contributes to more chaos and like
come on I was already not feeling
comfortable today and now all this chaos
is coming my way. Uh I would much rather
it to be the game to to be to be a
little bit tranquil, you know, for like
a couple hours for me to get my get my
confidence back a little bit. Uh but
yeah, let's say you're not in a
compromised state. Uh I think curiosity
is very important, right? That you see
this as like I said a new puzzle to
solve and be excited for it. Uh
interesting instead of but I guess
people tilt a lot, right? Because you're
like, "Oh [ __ ] what do I do now?" It's
a very tilt. I think that's actually
something that can be very beneficial.
You can pro put pros on tilt which could
benefit the recreationals. Yeah, I'm
sure that more do tilt than in a normal
traditional frame. It's good all around.
I mean, I have nothing bad to say about
carnival games unless for whatever
reason a recreational player doesn't
like them, in which case you just have
to honor that. By the way, standup game
is is kind of the same principle, right?
You mentioned small blood game and truck
game, but stand up game, you're also
fighting for a pot that's
disproportional.
Yes. Because if you still stand up, you
know, I can bet 3x pot and then for the
guy defending, that's maybe that's
really 3x pot, but for me it can be just
a pot bat effectively, right? And it's
kind of inverted because you're in
standing game, you're trying to avoid a
penalty as opposed to win a bounty. So
there is like a little bit of a
difference in how I think it gets
conceptualized. But yeah, they all
function around the same type of warped
incentive. Yeah, the the truck I think
it was also you guys also played with
the ice truck, right? That was Yeah,
that was what we introduced at the win.
It was like firet truck, ice cream
truck. Um that's where we played it a
ton over the last I Yeah, I was I was
following um who was that guy? Jimmy on
uh on Instagram and he posted a lot.
Yeah, it started in his game.
Um, I mean all those games were like
circulating the private after they came
out because everybody was trying them.
But, uh, we had some great truck games
at the win for sure. Uh, let me see. I'm
trying to think of all the games that I
played. One that also standed out to me
was Karucho. Kukarucha. Kukarucho. That
was a game that came back
from I don't want to take credit for it,
but I definitely did bring Cougar back
to Las Vegas 2022. I want to say we went
to EPT Barcelona and they were playing
Kukarucho there, which I believe
translates to cone or maybe even ice
cream cone. Nobody really knows why this
is the case, but Cuckaroo is basically a
single bet bomb pot game where you have
to either call the size of the pot or
you can fold. Upon calling, no one else
can raise. They can either choose to
enter with a call or fold. So, it starts
to the left of it starts under the gun
as usual and it walks all the way
around. So, the button can actually win
uncontested in this game. Yeah, I've
seen it happen. I'm like that. That's I
I think I think if if it gets if your
heads up with the button, you should
just shove any two. I would say there's
a lot of interesting stuff uh especially
if you make it a double board. But uh it
became a very marketable game in terms
of you know for recreationals that
didn't want to play a no limit bomb pot.
You can just do a quick cuckaroo which
we actually
renamed for messaging purposes because
it was just easier to understand. We
call it started to be known as caller
fold in Vegas. Caller fold. That makes
more sense. It's also easier to explain
to recreational. Yeah, you can only call
a fraud. What what I like about that as
well, same with the double board PLLO.
If they put a cap on it, it's more fun.
Like we don't want the recreational to
suddenly, you know, like I said, not
understand the how the hand classes
change if you play a PLO double bump
port. But we just want to have fun,
gamble a bit. I think they were playing
a 3k cap at the win for PLO double bomb
port or like this this Kukarucha a cap,
it's a gamble. We all have fun. you
know, it it cannot hurt you to a degree
where, you know, you're you're being
sad. That's what I thought when I first
started playing private and then I had a
six-f figureure charity budget get
racked up with PLO. Eventually, I
learned that I was playing way too
loose, but I definitely had I paid my
taxes for sure. But there was a cap.
There was, but we were playing so big
that it didn't matter. I mean, I still
lost. You could still get hurt even with
a cap. But overall, I think those games
are good. I think it's cool to mix PLO
up a little bit. It keeps everything
exciting. And you know, some of the
recreationals, they they really like PLO
and they just want there to be a hand
every every 30 minutes or so. What is
the craziest side game you've ever
played? I want to say truck just because
we'd get to the point where, you know, I
would be shoveling 20 grand into the
pot in a in the game that you were
playing at the win. like a 20k deep, you
would just be going all in in a spot
that's clearly correct because you're on
number nine. So, think about this, like
at
nine, the bounty is so large per player
that you can justify doing pretty much
anything. How much does it cost them per
player? And correct me if I'm wrong, but
it was 100 per player per hand that
keeps going up, right? I think it capped
at 500. Caps at 500. Yeah. So, it caps.
But, I mean, it's interesting. Like
obviously if you have the truck I feel
like this to figure out the strategy is
a bit intuitive but what do you do if a
guy shoves 20k and it only cost you a
500 poundy? It gets difficult. You got
to really Yeah. That's where it gets
very difficult and there's spots where
like you know even if a guy did have a
correct call he just doesn't want to
play for a 40k pot. So you get to take
it down anyway. I was like it ended up
not being a favorite of recreationals
because the the correct way to pro to
play was actually so abusive once you
get to the cap once you've won that they
couldn't see a flop anymore or
something. I actually had two
recreationals complain like when I was
on six or seven. They're like they
basically thought that I like trapped
them into this game and that's the
moment when like we all started to look
around be like okay maybe this is not
the most recreational player
recreational friendly game just because
of the nature of like it doesn't feel
good to keep losing a hand and having to
pay a bounty to a guy who's rolling the
table over. You know what I mean?
There's an aspect of that in this game.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's more fun if they
can win something than if you constantly
have to hand out. I I can see that. And
especially also they like I said, if you
don't have the strategic knowledge to
sort of stop it or I guess they can also
just say at some point, yeah, I'm tired.
You just go in every hand. Okay, here I
also go in, you know, but they but they
kind of they see it now as, hey, we're
not playing a game game anymore. This is
just gambling. I might as well just go
to the slot machine. That's exactly what
they said. Actually, this isn't poker
was the exact word that made me realize
this might not be this the best thing
for the game. How do you, by the way,
like I remember I played some games,
played a lot of uh side games. This is
actually the this this is actually one
of the problems with public. Then one or
two news players sit down, they would
say, "Okay, yeah, we we've been playing
this. No, I don't want to play." And I
go, "Oh, so how do they go back? like
you've been playing carnival games and
then suddenly we have to play 3 hours of
normal poker. So [ __ ] boring. It's
really frustrating when it happens. But
there's not much you can do. I mean it's
just one of the one of the pitfalls of
public then. It is. It is. And yeah, I
don't have a solution for that one. It
always is a let down when it happens,
but what can you do?
I want to uh to quickly talk a little
about online private as well, right? I
think you mentioned it a couple times
already like apps and stuff like that.
How do the ethics translate over from
life to online?
I think it basically collapses into VPIP
in terms of being good for the game. I
mean, the way that pros lose access is
if they're not giving enough action in
online app games, private online games.
I think everybody's pretty familiar with
like, you know, 40 VP IP
being a threshold that's common,
expected even in some of these games.
And I think that's fair. I think it's an
objective way to, you know, make sure
there is an action
threshold. So, I'm I'm pretty in
agreement with that existing.
Um, in terms of ethical practices across
the board, I think it's always been very
gray in the app land, which is one of
the reasons that we wanted to pursue
something that was both more
operationally efficient
and operates at a higher integrity than
what most people are used to. Um, so
just to unpack that a little bit more,
once we came out with the Stacks podcast
with Jungle Man like a couple weeks
back, we got an overwhelming demand
for private access geared towards apps.
We didn't expect it. We had had the
build going on already for the online
arm of what STAX was preparing to be,
but we decided to prioritize it as a
response to how many people expressed
interest in being able to have some type
of agency that was player first, that
was focused on integrity and helping
pros maintain access to these games in a
way that protected them from all the
usual risks.
So we decided to basically make that a
bigger priority after seeing that wave
of feedback and uh it's moved up the
queue quite a bit in terms of stuff that
we're planning on launching in terms of
uh the next logistical structure that
will be attached to the agency. So
stacks is the private live department
where we basically curate lineups,
protect pro access and make sure that
you know the experience scores are what
they need to be in order to satisfy
VIPs. That's all in
casinos. Everything else lives under
access axis which is basically the
online arm of stacks. That's where we
basically coordinate with top vetted op
operators uh from every major region and
put things into place so that the player
can just focus on playing without
needing to worry about all the
communication and risk associated with
dealing with agents who aren't vetted.
So that project has my full attention
right now based on how much demand was
created for it over the last two weeks
since we debuted the concept of stacks
on the jungle podcast. What people seem
to really like is I can start on the
apps and then I can get into that
network that will eventually place me
into stacks private game network if I do
want to play live and that's how we see
that pipeline developing.
So you can train them for good behavior
over there. And I think we build trust
online which is really necessary before
we can place a player into uh a live
game because yeah tr the word trust and
app games in my head at least they don't
really go hand in hand. So yeah you you
have something to fight here. It's a big
problem that we're trying to solve
because I mean if you look at the
feedback from the players, the
experiences they've had with the apps
almost across the board, the biggest
issue is we just don't have good
memories of the security. We never felt
safe. We had horror stories occur.
Um, and so the solution in my eyes is
basically vetting the living hell out of
the most efficient operators who have
the best track record and putting them
all in one
infrastructure where when the player
looks out on, you know, the Discord
server that it's hosted in, they're
going to see a unified front where they
deal with one or two agents who are
specialized in communication who
coordinate with all of the other backend
operators. and agencies that are in the
alliance. This makes it so that the
player feels like there is definitely a
higher level infrastructure here that
I'm used to and also I'm getting the
special attention that I feel like I
deserve from someone who seems to be
clearly aligned with, you know, my
upside, which is a huge part of our
model. We never touch rake. Our
incentive lies with making sure that we
only earn when the player earns. So,
similar to us always having had skin in
the game with coaching for profits,
we're pivoting to placement for profits,
making sure that we only earn by having
skin in the game on the pros that we
place on the apps. So, our model is
clean action
by that's what we use for uh sort of our
subscription fee to the agency. We will
take a piece of the action, but we do
not touch rake because we don't want any
part of that activity. It's just not
safe and uh it's not something I want to
be involved in. So, there was this thing
that kept popping up in terms of like
how are we positioning what the agents
do as part of this new global app
network. And the biggest thing that we
realized we wanted to make clear is that
we're not poker agents at Axis. We're
much more sports agents that are serving
poker players. At least how we see the
alignment. Poker agents are notoriously
just affiliates who are chasing, you
know, rake back by trying to get the
biggest piece of the pie on the back
end. That's not our model. Our model is
much more player first. And what we're
trying to do is make sure that our guys
know we're fighting for you. We're
fighting to get you in every great game
because we know that your upside is our
upside. And not only once we get you in
that game are you going to make more
money, but we're going to try to keep
you in that game for as long as
possible. Our agents are also more
integrated in the security channels of
the clubs across the board. So, while we
can't guarantee that there's no risk,
our job is basically to make sure that
there's less risk with access than there
would be if you were freelancing around
with anyone else. And the last thing
I'll say about it is that the way that
we coordinate the network
effects gives the player a significant
advantage because when we settle as a
collective unit with agencies like if we
have a negative balance across say the
50 players that we service and
access, our
players will end up settling less often
than they would if they were using an
agent alone. And the reason for that is
because our variance presses out in a
way that we hit our settlement uh figure
less frequently than a player would have
to settle with an independent agent. Not
to mention the fact that our credit
lines are just better because we get to
leverage our reputation to get it. So,
it's all these things that we saw and
we're like, "Okay, once we saw this is a
thing, there's a problem. We can solve
it." It really just requires better
operational efficiency, which is what
we're great at. And that you basically
never screw anyone over in the way that
unfortunately most affiliates gained a
reputation for doing. I don't want to
say most, but all these horror stories,
they exist for a reason. It's because
agents were never putting the players
first in the way that it would be if you
were in sports. you would have an agent
fighting for you to get into every spot
and we think that's how it should be in
poker. So that's what we're trying to
do. Adam, anything you would like to add
to that? Yeah, I'd love to do just a
little bit of thinking ahead of the
future and yeah, trying to wrap
everything up in terms of where you see
things going and the future of poker. So
what does poker look like in 10 years
time if STAX succeeds with this mission?
I would say you're going to continue to
see it being a placement first model,
meaning pros are going to be positioning
for placement in games. I don't think
that's going to change from this point
on, unless of course there's another
major poker boom and public poker just
becomes, you know, super big again. I
think this shift was a decisive one, the
shift to private. Uh I don't see that
changing. So ecosystem-wise, I think in
order to make sure that poker stays
healthy, that private system needs to
be gutted of the politics. It needs to
become non-political. And so I think
that's what we're trying to do at this
time. And establishing that balance is
very difficult. And I've said before on
uh a bunch of other in a bunch of other
spots, people have said like, why are
you doing this?
And honestly, I feel like there's very
few people in the industry that could
uphold this balance in a way that's
structurally incentivized. I mean, I'm
in an interesting position. I now own an
agency that services VIPs and I also
come from a background that services
professionals. Those two are not
necessarily supposed to go together.
They seem like they're competing, but
it's actually a paradoxical balance. The
way I see it, if we're going to make
poker healthy again, we got to find a
way to make sure that pros and VIPs can
live together and thrive together even.
But in order to believe that, you must
believe that it is the experience of the
VIP or recreational player that is at
the heart of their satisfaction. Because
if you're subscribing to the belief that
like it's always going to be predatory
because recreationals are always going
to lose money, well then I'm not going
to argue with you, but you don't
fundamentally understand why many
recreationals play. It's not lost on
them that they probably lose over a long
time horizon. They come and play because
they have most of them have extra money
to gamble with. Most of them are not
living under a bridge. Okay? and they
enjoy the experience of being around
other professionals who can build
rapport. It's an activity for them. So,
I think we need more awareness raised
that a the balance does need to be
upheld in a way that is
non-political. And I believe 10 years
from now, whether or not poker continues
to be an awesome thing depends on
whether or not the acquisition methods
of agencies like STAX and people who are
trying to build out private are going
cold market, trying to reach new people.
That's why I really love what Allan
Keading is doing now because he's really
in that lane of
like making poker a more awesome thing
for people who don't really know about
it yet. like his content is geared
towards pushing that envelope of like,
hey, if you're a high netw worth
individual who's on the fence about
whether or not you would be interested
in playing this type of sport game
activity, whatever you want to call it,
there's actually a real culture here
developing and what he's doing with the
storytelling narrative around it, I
think, is of a higher order of
intelligence than a lot of the marketing
content that we've seen over the last
decade or so. Uh, I really think that
his ability to anyone right now who's
able to craft character narratives that
capture the attention of the
recreational player has a significant
competitive advantage in acquiring new
recreationals to the space, which is
ultimately better for everyone as long
as we learn how to operate together. So
this would be the last thing I would say
to wrap that point up, Adam, is that I
hope we have a future where gamer
runners, operators, agencies shift
towards more of a non-zero sum
cooperative mindset instead of a
predatory or possessive mindset like
that's my recreational and you never can
book him into your game. We need to move
away from that. Otherwise, I think we
end up just cannibalizing each other.
And in the process, we leave a really
bad taste in the mouths of the high net
worth individuals who want to see this
as a fun space to be in instead of a
commodity that just gets devoured by
whoever can convince them to show up at
a game that day. So, if we do all those
things, I think we have a big future for
poker. And if we don't, then I think we
deserve to lose.
What is poker still missing that other
competitive industries whether it's
sports, esports already have? I would
say a player
focused mission, player first. You could
put them sort of hand in hand. I think
the difference
is the level of care and trust built
between agent and player is essential to
those relationships not just blossoming
but resulting in better placement
consistently in games because I don't
know like think about like the best
movies for sports agents like I think
about like Jerry Maguire and stuff like
that where it's like those are
storylines crafted around sports players
who were really connected to the people
who were working for them on their
behalf. Like there was a real story
there right down to the family and you
know what it's like to make it big in
the NFL and like that moment where
you're in like I don't see that being
much different than a guy's first shot
getting into private games. That's a
huge moment for that online player and
his family. Like you've made it once you
get to private. So I see the difference
being like is the agent truly invested?
not just in the player's future, but are
they are they integrated into that
player's life, even down to the family
level? Like I I am hardcapping access at
50 members because I want to personally
know every single player in that
community. And it needs to be that way
if we're going to build the level of
trust necessary to hard vouch for these
guys, too, because we're the ones doing
all of that. So, I think it's a two-way
street. I think the player has to be
willing to put enough trust in someone
that says, "This guy's going to have my
back. He's he's got the track record
that I know he's going to fight for me."
And then the other side of that street
is the agents have to truly care
about the avenue that the player walks,
the ascension path of the player. They
have to truly want to see that player be
in the best games in the world, and they
have to truly want to protect him. In
the same way that when the agent is
watching, you know, his baseball player
play the World Series, there's a certain
pride that they take in that. I think
that's what agents need to have for
poker players. And I think it's probably
the most inspiring mission that I've
been able to think up in the last few
years. It's why I'm so passionate about
the project is because I love the idea
that we could be doing something much
closer to what real sports is like. I've
never liked the idea that poker doesn't
get the attention that sports gets and
certainly haven't liked the idea that
the players don't get proper support.
So, like I said, I think there's a
number of people who could do this. I
would like to see them all align and do
this together because I think we are all
stronger together. And I think Axis
represents the first point at which we
have an opportunity to show pros that
this can be an actual professional
industry and there can be opportunities
um from agents that actually have skin
in the game that outperform what you're
used to and hopefully reestablish trust.
I really like that. It almost like feeds
into the dream, the poker dream or the
dream of getting to the top. If you look
at sports, there often is agents,
coaches who can facilitate that next
chapter. I recently watched an avichi
documentary and a lot of that story was
about his agent who believed in him
super young. It was like, look, I'm
going to give you access to the biggest
stages, the biggest performances, and
together we're going to take you to the
top. And I think in poker, it's kind of
missing. It doesn't really have that
someone's in it for you. And as you
mentioned, if you can create this kind
of vision that the private games are the
holy grail, the place to be, and there's
people who can get you in those games,
all of a sudden it's like, wow, if I can
connect with that agent at the right
time, he can get me to that next the
next goal. I feel like, yeah, as you
mentioned, it feels like that isn't
really what's true in poker right now.
So, it'll be very interesting to see how
you guys can start to solve that. So,
big question here. It's a tough one to
answer, but what would you like your
legacy in poker to be when you finally
move on, if you ever
do? that I upheld the balance.
That would make me really satisfied if
if people remembered me as someone who
uh succeeded at upholding the balance at
a time where it was very hard to uphold
specifically the the line that needs to
be walked in order to uh establish the
future I'm trying to create for poker in
integrity to make it non-political and
to have the types of conversations that
need to be had and to hold the types of
people accountable who are not willing
to face the truth. I think that would be
something I would be proud of if I said
I I did that with with dignity and that
I walked that line for a long enough
timeline to make a real difference. That
would be it for me. What are the forces
in play for that balance? You have this
balance point you want to walk. What's
pulling you the side of that?
I don't think it's temptation because
I'm convicted
in what I would be satisfied and I only
want to do it a certain type of way and
I won't make concessions against
integrity. It won't satisfy me to do
that. But I do believe
that the biggest threat is if there's
gatekeeping in a way that I cannot get
around for whatever reason that the
people who are in the people who have
power at the very top if they were not
cooperative if they weren't non-zero sum
thinkers that there might be no way
through that would be the only thing I
think that would could that could pose a
real obstacle and even then I would love
to just have creative solution solutions
and maybe we'll find them. But um yeah,
the forces in play that I cannot control
are people who are not conscious enough
to realize that war is not the
answer. I think I have to try to
convince those people otherwise along
the way or hope that there is enough
conscious non-zero sum thinkers who can
create something totally different uh so
we don't have to deal with the ones who
don't understand that philosophy.
How do you uh how do you think about the
future from a poker as a purely
competitive game perspective? So for
example, take I don't know if you saw
like the coin poker championship where
basically the best of the best online
started to battle it out against each
other. I remember we talked with Prodigy
which ended up winning it. What he
really loved about it that it's it was
almost like chess, right? We were
looking at the top minds and the highest
level where you're talking now about
more poker still. It's a it's it's
predatory done nice, right? Uh but the
money comes from private recreationals.
How do you see like the future of poker
in a purely competitive aspect? Do you
see a a future there where it's
basically the pros out? I think there
needs to be a very high
level competition bubble that still
exists. I mean, Triton is basically that
for tournaments, but I do believe cash
game players really still need to be
able to battle it out. I mean, I'm
talking from the surveys we do. I've
done a lot of research on what really
stimulates pros and there's a specific
archetype of pro. he might make up 20 to
30% of pros that really still enjoys the
challenge of playing super high level
competition no matter what stakes he's
at. So whether or not you want to say
it's the best thing for you know his
bottom line that's not what matters.
It's that this is what this person is
really passionate about doing. And I've
had to adjust my perspective there
because I think I have made the mistake
in the past of being like okay bro but
you don't even have your rent paid yet.
it. You're not safe yet. You shouldn't
focus on that yet. I think I've had to
sort of recognize a bit more
that what matters ultimately for poker
in the big picture is that there's still
a place for somebody to compete at a
very top level, no matter what stakes
they're at, that they're always going to
want to go battle because that's when
they feel the most alive. And I think
you can't take that away
from being the the profession of being a
poker player. that needs to be an option
at least one day of the week. They need
to be able to go and and and figure out
how they stack up against some of the
best. So, I think it's a huge aspect to
keep that intact. I I would never want
to see uh you know, the elite cash game
arena dissolve wherever that is. You
know, I couldn't even point to where you
go to get that now. But there's still
some pretty intense matches that occur
on a weekly basis where I'm sure the
boys are battling it out at 5K and all
plus. Yeah, it's a different ecosystem,
but it feels like they very much
coexist. If we look at ourselves, I'm
sure when we first started getting into
poker, we were inspired by the guys at
the very top that competitive battling
out against each other. I feel like for
poker as a brand, we need kind of both
coexisting. these great fun live games,
but we also need to see the best of the
best battling it out and go, "Wow, look
at these guys who are amazing at poker
and kind of pushing the boundaries." So,
yeah, I think there's a a whole
coexistence there. All right, we've had
a long conversation. I know you're
looking at a dinner, so we won't take
you much longer. What would you like the
main takeaway to be for the audience
today?
That there is a path to fair access if
you're a pro and that it's a decision at
this point that you can make. It doesn't
have to be a situation where you feel
helpless anymore. if you're looking for
what the next level up is. Uh I guess
what I'll leave you guys with is that
the first access virtual event is May
31st. That's where we're opening the
doors to the new app network. That is
also the direct entry point to get on
the path to gain eligibility for the
STAX Live games. It's all connected. So
access is the way in. Follow our
socials. Uh Nick Howard Poker will get
you there. Um, if you followed the old
Poker Dominion accounts, Poker Detox,
it's rebranded into Stacks Pro and it
will be folded into Axis. So, you'll
basically just start seeing Stacks and
Axis. Everything Poker Dominion related
in terms of our pro division is becoming
Stacks
Axis. So,
GGPD, it's been fun, but we're moving on
to bigger and better things. And uh May
31st is the weighin to the new network.
Uh it's going to be a 50 player cap.
It's going to be uh KYC verification. We
need to make sure that you have
references. A lot of the MDA content
that we're giving away, in fact,
everything that used to be CFP up
through 2024, $100,000 worth of MDA
content used to be locked behind private
contract. the same stuff that Matt
Marinelli used, you will get that for
free upon being verified for the access
network. It's just the beginning of
something that we're building alongside
the players from the agency side. At
this point, our model no longer relies
on selling that training material. So,
it's the first offer we wanted to make
to the community as part of this big
launch. Um, so May 31st, you'll see us
on socials. You can register there. You
get verified, you're in. I want to thank
you guys for putting me on. I probably
have never been on a three-hour podcast
that I enjoyed, but you're always
prepared with questions and you're deep
thinkers and I can tell that you have
um a really core philosophy that aligns
with mine. So, I just want to
acknowledge that and thank you for uh
taking the time to prepare. Thank you so
much for your time today and sharing
your vision with us. It's been a very
eye openening versus horse. I'm sure the
audience is also going to walk away with
a lot of things to uh to reflect on and
think about going forward. So, we
appreciate you spending the last 3 hours
with us. Thank you guys. Thank you,
Nick, for coming on the pot and uh for
trying to solve the poker ecosystem.
Adam, any uh main takeaways? Yeah, well,
Nick's been trying to solve hard
problems for a long time. I remember his
first project, which we talked about at
the start of the conversation, turn like
20 losing players into winning players.
That's not a project many people want to
take on. H, but he was very confident in
his ability to teach frameworks and ways
of thinking. I found it very interesting
when we talked about what stops players
being able to progress further. What's
kind of that bottleneck where players
get stuck, they can't move further, and
it came down to these kind of stories
you tell yourself, your inability to
either remember or to protect yourself
where you can't get to the truth as he
called it or the ability to solve
problems because your mind is getting in
the way and how we kind of navigating
that. And then we went into um kind of
how high performers kind of go past
that, how they operate on a different
level. And we talked about Marinelli in
particular, how he works on first
principles. And going back to what is
the truth, what's the core principles
that apply here. And he really hammered
home about if you want to be a high
performer. One of the main things is
agency. High agency. There's actually an
article read on this recently by a guy
called George Mack called high agency.
Type on Google. It's about 30-minute
read. That's really deep on agency
itself if you want to understand and how
it applies to you. be really interesting
how he was talking about how it allows
you to solve more complex problems when
it's a bit more nuanced. You don't
actually know. So, he came from a a
background of teaching strategies with
MDMA, but then MDA, sorry, MDK, not MDA.
Um, but obviously players have to use
that their discretion on how to apply to
certain situations against certain
opponent types and it's not as easy as
just copy and paste through the
strategy. So the best players as we were
talking about have this high agency to
be able to uh try to solve the problem
as it comes up. What is what's happening
here? How do I get past this and they
don't get knocked back easily. So keep
progressing with that. So yeah, I feel
like that's uh a skill I hadn't thought
about as much um until he mentioned it
as one of the key drivers. So I
definitely want to circle back around
that to myself. Another thing I found
very interesting was his own personal
journey and the work he did in between
detox and stacks when he mentioned he
wanted to do his own healing and he went
to the integrated family systems
approach of really understanding himself
and the things that triggered him
looking at his own responses how he's
reacting and then he looked at like what
a kind of secure version of him would do
I think that was his wording what would
the secure version of me do and then he
created a framework to move from this
reactive version to this more uh secure
version and how that would look like and
I really feel like a lot of mindset work
regardless what angle you come in it
from ends up here. It ends up with
triggers, responses and how you can
change those responses. So he mentioned
something called resourcing which I
would often call reframing where you
come up with a mental way of looking at
a situation differently. So for example,
if you're always getting annoyed by two
outers, it's often because your mind has
create a story of I'm unlucky. Why is
this happening to me? So we need to
create a counterbalancing thought
pattern to override that to get you back
to this kind of middle baseline. And he
also mentioned it interesting where he
says, I think his wife told him this,
the person who cares the most is the one
who has the the biggest reaction. And
that that's a very interesting one
because we can care about the outcome.
We can care about our self-image. We can
care about many things, but it's the one
who's got the most attachment to a
narrative. That that's often what the
caring is. So we figure that the
triggers are often we care too much. So
why does pocket trigger you? You care
too much about losing. You care too much
about mistakes. So we need to get that
back in balance. It's not like we want
to be robotic and not care, but it's
like where am I caring too much? Where
am I like holding on with too much
resistance and I need to balance that?
And I think I mentioned a lot of the
work is yes, you do the reframing. Yes,
you try to uh kind of balance that
mentally but also at some point you need
to accept. Acceptance is like kind of
the the higher level where you get to a
point where ah I'm okay with this. I
don't need to fix it. And then when
things happen, someone says something to
you or hand happens to the pocket
tables, you feel the same way
internally, but now you accept it. That
means you move on quicker. still same
internal reaction, but now it doesn't
create this long-term eB. And then the
final thing was the whole conversation
that we got to was making poker fun for
recreationals. And I love that Nick is
brave enough to take on this challenge
of redesigning the ecosystem around that
concept of how to make it a fun time for
recreationals and how to redesign the
whole game dynamics because it's very
easy to say that. We can all acknowledge
that that's a good thing, but to try and
solve that problem to to make the host
of the games buy into it, to make the
players buy into it and get everybody on
the same page with making games fun and
the players still making good money is
not an easy problem to solve. It's a
good thought experiment. Myself, I would
have went, "Oh, that's interesting." And
moved on because I would have thought
how on earth to even begin that. So I'm
really glad someone like Nick who as you
mentioned has background in the
professional online world and perfect
professional players and he also is now
as an agency with kind of recreationals
trying to bridge that gap and bring a
fun experience to poker. So yeah ready I
know you didn't have the best of time in
Vegas so hopefully with Nick's um vision
poker can get more fun again for for
everyone. I mean to be fair you know I
was probably also not the biggest
contributor. probably if he makes a list
of 10 things online players do wrong,
I'd probably also, you know, tick half
of them. So, it's I don't want to be
here the one saying that, hey, I wasn't
my on my best behavior. Uh, but at least
from what I was aware of that I was
doing, I was trying to actively be uh
good for the game or fun for the game,
right? Like I said, uh I do recall
showing a couple of seven deuces, which
there was no seven deuce game on. So,
hey, you know, I think that's that's
that's fun also. about the reason why
I'm there, right? If we were talking
about caring, the reason why I was there
was also partly to have fun, right? I
was not there to grind an hourly. So, I
guess, you know, that's kind of the
problem with a lot of the players. They
go there to grind an hourly, right? They
put their headphones on. Uh, but this
obviously not great for the recreational
game experience. If he's looking at a
guy with his headphones on, yeah, you
know, that's not really a fun guy to
talk to, right? So, actually, that's
what I will dive into. Behave at the
tables, guys. You know, we got the World
Series coming up, online kids going
there. Don't wear these headphones,
right? Uh be interested in people around
you. Maybe if you start asking what
people do, you might get into some
interesting conversation. I wrote up
speed up your play. These are also one
one for me. Uh no robot sizings was also
one that I wrote down. Give action,
calibrated action. You don't have to
torch money. Uh this was the good thing
about side games, right? If you
introduce side games and the key to side
games is curiosity. Curiosity is
something that always comes back. I
think I I explain it as what this poker
what makes poker fun is a puzzle to
solve. So if you start looking at the
new game that's being introduced and you
try to figure out what the highest EV
strategy would be in a lot of situation,
it's very appropriate to give a lot of
action, right? So think about uh the EV
of these situations, right? And that can
be a win-win for everyone, which is what
was actually one of the reasons why
these carnival games uh were so popular.
Think about
strategy on a macro level, no longer on
a micro level, right? We're no longer
trying to play our hand the best way
possible, though we're trying to if we
go with macro macro macro, we're
thinking about the sustainability of the
ecosystem, right? That would be the most
eco that the most macro that we can go.
uh try to behave that's somewhere in the
middle of micro and that macro example
that I gave. All right. Uh actually one
of the one of the refframes you talked
about I wrote this one down. This is why
I have a bankroll. I really like that.
Right. He was looking for reassurances
of where my ad comes from and I wrote
down that one specifically. Uh if you
get too out or you keep losing money to
not have your mind spiral. Yeah. Well
that that's why we have a bankroll,
right? Just to get yourself stabilized
again. I really like that one. Um, we
talked about that. We talked about uh
this was also one of his motivations for
what he's currently doing. Whereas in
the past with detox, right, he saw a lot
of edge in terms of okay, how do you
make more money? Well, you get better,
right? You follow this MDA strategy blah
blah blah. He now said that we are
coming to a point which I partly agree
on, not completely, but we come to a
point where just focusing on the game
technically is maybe no longer the
fastest route to make a lot of money.
Now, I do actually think it I don't
actually think that's the problem per
se. Uh I think obviously it's harder to
get an edge or at least no, I should
reframe that you can still get the same
amount of edge. Okay? Only uh where we
start from nowadays, the baseline that
most people have because the content
available is already higher, right? But
if you look at for example Prodigy that
won the world champions, right? I think
he was winning at 14 BB 100 over like
75k hands. And that's against the best
of the best. Okay. So, this shows is so
possible. I think the biggest cap is the
fact uh where are the games that that
you're going to play, right? Especially
with the GG uh dying uh and privatizing
his highix action, which is also pretty
pretty dead. There's just even if you're
very good, you still need uh games at a
certain stake to convert this technical
knowledge into actual money in your bank
account. So I think that's actually more
of the problem. I definitely still think
improving technically uh is definitely a
very good path forward if you want to
make more money. The only problem is in
the online environment are there enough
big games to turn that knowledge into
profit. Right? But I do agree that
technically improving technically it's
only part of a skill set that makes a
successful poker player. Right? It's one
of the reasons why for example me and
Adam when in our coaching program we
focus both on the mental game on the
performance side on the soft skill side
on the technical side on the managerial
side right all these aspects that if you
optimize in all areas you will become a
more successful poker player I think I
gave the example right yeah I mean
you're pretty good and if you keep on
focusing okay I want to get better
technically if that's the only thing you
focus on yeah then at some point your
return of investment that that's
probably no longer where your study time
should be right you know maybe you
should focus on other area if you want
to make improvement. Uh he also said
that because of that uh poker coaching I
think he said poker content poker
coaching that's a little bit of a uh
downhill from there unless it includes
personal attention guys. So if you want
to work with me and Adam and have us
help you make more progress in your
poker career in the mechanics of poker
where we teach principle first, right,
which would set Martinelli apart, where
we teach all aspects you need to know in
order to become a more successful poker
player, not just only the technical side
and where you get personal attention,
which was one of the biggest criteria.
Guess what? We are your guys. Okay,
mechanism poker.com. Go check it out. I
want to thank you guys. If you made it
all the way to the end of this podcast,
leave a like, subscribe to the channel.
I want to thank our sponsors, Coin
Poker, GTO Wizard. Go check them out and
I will see you guys in the next
[Music]