Kind: captions
Language: en
What are some other mindset gaps between
the low to midstakes guys and those guys
who really excel at the higher stakes
agency? I'll give you a specific
example. Back around the time where we
put out the public product, Ether, that
was an advancement on the original night
vision product that anybody who followed
MDA back then probably
remembers. Detox put out night vision
as a categorical archive of aggression
hotspots. meaning like here's all the
spots where if you bluff they will fold
too much. That was sort of a whole
sector of mass data analysis at the time
that was tailored to the aggressive
actions. Ether was a bluff catching
almanac. It was the first time where we
categorized a lot of different lines,
formations,
textures, and it would allow a player to
go through sort of at a glance or in
depth and identify, okay, these are the
textures where people are either over
bluffing or under bluffing.
It was very practical as an upgrade in
the sense that would it would allow you
to adjust in a pretty binary way. If you
ended up in a spot where you know there
was a lot of evidence that at least this
specific player profile bluffs too much
in that spot, well then I just press
call. Simple
enough. What we saw in the first intake
of players who bought that product was
that they were very clearly forked
between two types of students. the type
of student who could apply agency and
look at a series of patterns and be able
to say, "Okay, I understand the signal
here. I'm going to navigate this
gracefully and calibrate." That was a
key word at the time. They could
calibrate better. when they looked at a
bunch of different patterns in a row,
the low agency player, the low performer
that correlate, he would look at that
list of bluff catching patterns and he
would say, "Okay, I I like this. I think
I get it. Let me take it into the
arena." And the moment that one of the
patterns would change in game, he would
break down. and he would return to the
group chat and be like, I don't know
what to do when one little thing is
different. The player who has high
agency does not have that issue. I can
connect this to another trait that we
saw emerge. It was probably the trait I
saw in Matt Marinelli uh more than
anyone when he was coming up. I had
identified it early. I didn't know he
would end up being as great as he
became. Disclaimer. In fact, very few
people know this, but Matt Marinelli
applied to Detox twice and got rejected
before he got in, just to disclose how
poor our recruitment filters actually
were at the time. I don't remember
exactly why uh he didn't get in, but he
he definitely uh didn't get what he
deserved in those first two two
applications. But what I noticed with
Matt once I started training closely
with him was he was a man of principle,
first principles especially. He would
look at a system
or, you know, a a series of, you know,
information, I guess, and he would be
able quickly to deduce what he really
wanted to anchor himself in from that
line of information. I'm not doing it
justice, but basically Matt would look
at something and say, "Here's the most
important thing in this batch of
information that if I just understand
this thing, I can trust myself to use it
and calibrate when I take it into the
arena, even though the situation is
going to
change." He expected it to change and he
embraced the fact that you're never
going to encounter the exact pattern
that you study. But because he was so
principled, he was someone who was able
to play any game. And just to connect
this over to what I think the biggest
skill set is with live players, really
strong live players at this day and age
are the players that can adapt quickly
to a warped structure. I mean, Renee,
you know what they're playing over in
Vegas. You were there this summer. It's
standing game. It's squid. I mean, those
are sort of similar, but it's anties.
It's straddles. It's all the stuff that
would require a player to be able to
calibrate without just having a perfect
picture in his head of how he's going to
execute something he's memorized. It's
not going to take you to the top in in a
warped model. Um, so that would be the
last thing I would say about about that
little riff would be we're very careful
which players we put into which
environments. We identify agency first.
We will never put a player with low
agency into a uh onto a site or
structure. We'll never put him into a
format where he's going to have to
use I don't want to say use his brain.
That's too harsh. But where he's going
to have to calibrate to a warped a
warped structure. Whereas like there are
certain guys where like if we get a new
you know if a new app comes out and it's
like it's using a different type of
Annie structure it's like okay these are
the guys we send in first because they
don't get overwhelmed by that. They
outperform when the when the model
changes.
[Music]