Kind: captions
Language: en
So imagine someone listening who is
getting ready to play a scooped grind
and yeah they want to optimize their
performance during it. What would be
your top three tips to increase their
results or just survive a series like
that? I guess first thing would be the
assumption that they won't move time
zone I guess for that. So let's say
assuming that they're going to play it
from wherever they normally play online.
For me, again, my main consideration,
like this series, for example, I
basically just decided I was going back
to Vancouver. Even though it's on too
early of a time zone for me, I would
prefer somewhere a bit more east of
there. So, I was debating that. I go
there also just because I like the whole
uh environment basically kind of the the
atmosphere and I sort of curated it in a
way of like I'm planning to be focusing
on this series during that time but also
I'm like okay I know the things that I'm
going to do in the evenings roughly I
could go to this gym I can go to
whatever class yoga class something like
this that's going to be nice for me in
the evenings. So, one thing is just have
the that environment clearly set up in a
way, assuming that they're going to play
it from their house. That's kind of what
I was thinking about. You probably know
things that are around your house um
that you can
do, but think about how it might
complement the grind or not and
how you best operate for those kind of
things like
before and after the grind. Is it nice
for you
to, you know, work out beforehand, after
it? How do you decompress after the
grind, before sleep? So, your schedules
for this is very important. Obviously,
like sleep schedules is of course a big
thing.
So, it's hard to give like clear advice
on that for if someone is living in X
place and they have this certain
schedules. Uh but thinking about all
those things, the way you can optimize
that would probably be the the main
thing. Other ways, I guess it sort of
depends, you know, if you're a full-time
player or or part-time, how or you know,
recreational if you're looking at these.
So, you can maybe plan how your series
is going to look. You can look at the
schedule, think what the events that I
want to play. Are there events that I'm
going to prioritize?
How much am I going to play each day? Am
I going to take any days off? Things
like that. Sort of plan and envision how
your weeks are going to go. Then things
like trying to make the most of the 5
minute breaks. Try and get, you know,
meals sorted if you can is a huge thing.
How else are you going to use them?
Maybe are you going to have little
4-minute meditations packed in something
like this? something that you're going
to be able
to
hopefully set you up better for each
next hour after this that 5 minute break
basically. So these are I think quite
important that hopefully each person
knows how they work best in those
environments so they can think oh those
four hands I'm going to sorry those four
minutes I'm going to run hands that I
had from that last
hour and
then they will not be on my mind for the
rest of the day. something like this. If
it's hard for you to kind of let go of
the last hour, that might help. Or if
you just want to take your mind off
cocoa, go see the sunlight for 4 minutes
and then set yourself up for the next
hour. That's, you know, perfectly great.
So obviously it works differently for
each person.
Um then there's like are you going to
study before the series? Are you going
to prepare? how you're going to work for
the series. Again, can be for each
person. Some people might just want to
take their brain off poker for the
series because that's what they're going
to do for those 3 and 1/2 weeks and
focus only on the playing. Others might
like to study and then feel like really
ready to go cuz they're feeling like
really switched on. So, in that way of
anticipating how you're going to be for
this series as well, I think is
very important in terms of both ability
and confidence and execution and all
these things because you're going to
need to be executing when you're on day
seven and hour seven of the day and
you're going to be tired and trying to
not autopilot and what everything. So
you have to kind of be prepared to
struggle in a way like be prepared to be
tired and having a tough time. So if you
have the study to back it up, then you
will do better at executing in those
tough times. All right, that's
important. And hopefully as well
also in the tough times where it's like
late in the day and
you're s you're playing for more money,
the final tables, like these kind of
things where it's more important
obviously to be playing well. hopefully
then you will still be executing well.
Um if
there's some kind of ways that help
you relax for let's say a final table
where you're able to feel confident then
that's very important like knowing where
all the money is up top on final tables
this is going to probably define your
series in a lot of cases. Yeah. So,
those are the main things as well as
even like the preparations before each
day that you might want to do. Are you
going to want to sleep until this time?
Are you want to go Are you going to want
to go outside and see some fresh air,
see some friends, get exercise? Are you
going to want to prepare, meditate
before a session?
So, just focus on how you think you will
do best. It's a bit hard for me to say
because people are so different in those
aspects. So hopefully you know how you
optimally work in those kind of
environments. So yeah, well that was a
master class in what to consider to
prepare yourself for a series and what
was evident there is how much planning,
preparation, intentionality goes into
everything from environment to routine
to your evening windown to when to take
breaks, what to do on your breaks, when
to eat, what to eat, what schedule I'm
grinding, do I need days off, do I need
to grind before study before or not? So,
as you mentioned, very personal, but I
think the questions you went through and
the kind of the main things you put
forward there, each player needs to
address them for themselves and go,
"Right, for me, how do I make sure
everything is set up for me and my
environments to make sure I perform the
best?
[Music]