Kind: captions
Language: en
listening to you by the way it it got me
thinking about something interesting
because how so nor I think the majority
of people would also write would also
put it in JPT but it would just say give
me give me the perfect give me just a
perfect outcome people have the desire
that they just want the outcome right
whereas you were curious like hey don't
just give me the answer tell me how you
got to it so I want to learn but I think
the majority of people just want the
outcome come which I think you can link
perfectly back to poker with like
solvers. A lot of people just want want
to know what do I have to do and they
kind of miss the they don't have the
curiosity to uncover like hey how you
got there that that I find the
interesting part and then I thought like
okay on one side you could say that with
AI more people have access to it so it
could level the playing field but like
you just said I think actually it will
only make the gap bigger because it's
your mindset towards it right and how
you use it you will only get you will
only get better and the people who are
looking for shortcuts they will only
fall further behind. Do you think it do
you think it will level the playing
field or do you agree with me that it
will probably only amplify uh the people
who have your approach they will only
become better and the rest will only
fall further behind even though you
could say we now have access to the same
tool. I mean, it depends how many bots
are in the pool, right? Like
like like that's that's the danger. Like
the the existential danger is is that
you're actually not playing against a
human and that they are either like
assisted or completely like there that
there's a bot playing because that
outcome it was always kind of like
annoying in poker. like just just being
up against bots is uh annoying because
they're filling the seat of a
potentially weaker player whether it's a
regular or or a recreational player. Um
so it makes for like a different type of
playing experience. But the bots used to
be
uh pretty bad. I like like I I have some
I'd never really battled bots, but I had
some heads up guys that were like
dealing bots for 5B00 and just like
taking that money to the bank and and
enjoying it. But the problem becomes
once you started applying real time
analytics to that. Uh you're not going
to be able to run them over by
overbuffing the river and they're
they're not adjusting right. So um is
kind of rolling it back to to that. I
think that's a bigger picture question
that I think is undertalked about in
poker. Um I I I have some potential like
maybe want to explore a couple of
solutions. I don't like talking about
problems. I like talking about like how
would I solve this? Um
but I think from a from a personal
competitive advantage point of view
definitely right like it's like that
with everything. Like just going back to
the analogy of the guy showing up to the
job interview with a shovel when when
there's a concrete truck or like a
concrete spaceship even uh to to really
drive home on the point. Um
uh that's of course uh going to be
natural selection and I think we're
already seeing that. If you would like
map out the poker ecosystem and see
who's winning and who's losing and why
and like do a deeper dive analysis
there, you're probably going to realize
that the people that are
more curious,
more actionoriented,
more
solutions oriented. Maybe solutions
oriented is better than action or like
they're more solutionsoriented and then
like they take action to to make those
craft those solutions.
um they're going to be the big winners
in the pool and they're all it's always
going to be like that in any
environment. It doesn't matter if it's
poker. Poker is nice because it is this
kind of like dynamic and and relatively
flexible equilibrium, but you can map it
out easily. Like it doesn't it doesn't
you don't have to be rocket scientist to
understand how it works. Uh because
you're constantly trading money. Like I
see poker players as a hybrid between a
trader and a tennis player. Like you
have to show up for practice yourself.
You have to keep hitting the ball. It's
kind of grueling. It's ups and downs.
Like tennis has less variance and but
then you like integrate trading in that
part of the algorithm and now your job
is just to like make as many like small
trades as possible. Every bet is a trade
essentially. I mean both has a ball,
right? Like if you look at I'm not an
expert at Novak Dookovic. I haven't read
his biography, but like the way that
he's managed his career seems like very
on point and that's why he has the
results that he has. And you can look at
some YouTube videos where like the
statistics is not that much, right? Like
like he used to bat an average of like
winning whatever like slightly less than
50% of points and to to go from that to
world class, he's like winning slightly
more than average now. and then like
keep pushing that those like small
incremental gains by all of the
lifestyle changes whatever like all the
stuff that that goes into uh becoming
Novakovich versus traders where um I
recently through Perplexity by the way I
forgot that that's all the only place I
read my news is on Perplexity great
place to they have like a digest page
that you can read your news which is not
the doom and gloom from regular media
it's more like hey here's the scientific
breakthrough through and like hey here's
something you find very interesting and
hey here is a world new that news that
you should actually pay attention to
because it matters uh and it's backed by
source and relevant because any anything
else is just an opinion and we can read
opinion pieces that's great but when I
when I want to know what's going on I
need facts
um so the the fact that I was I found in
that news feed was that index fund had
outperformed traders by 2x like Wall
Street traders was outperformed by
simple index funds by twice. Like
there's a ginormous margin when you
really like think about why that is. And
then you know they do why why why
it's like lower costs uh less human
error less like general overhead
um better real time um adjustments right
so like like I think it's like a perfect
example that kind of illustrates the
point of
when you augment both right like the
noakovich
uh and his process to become an elite
competitor and like doing those
incremental gains for you as an athlete
like in our case mind athletes for the
most part but like you have to power
that with your physical performance as
well obviously uh nutrition and anything
else that that kind of fuels performance
um and you add the data analytics and
insights and real-time predictions and
cutting cost and becoming more
efficient. Now you're supercharged,
right? like now you have the best of
both worlds
um and a very datadriven way as well to
to get predictably good outcomes which I
think is like the there's never been a a
more sure time to be successful if you
apply yourself because you can now do
your market research like I could I
could have an idea I I have I do this
all the time I have an idea and I used
to have to go through this whole
process of proving that this is a good
idea
and imagine like going back to like the
the distractions like imagine how many
times I get distracted in that process
and I go off and I do something I'm not
supposed to do like that's the biggest
cost in that like the actual work that I
do can be quite efficient and rewarding
and it's fun and you know you get a
group together with people and you talk
about it and figure out some solution
and it's worthwhile that's that's Right.
Um, but the distractions, that's a big
cost. And
now I can do my market research. I can
say like, "Hey, I have this idea I think
is really good. Could you help me kind
of spawn the idea a little bit further
so it's not my halfbaked idea of what
that would be? Could you make that into
something compact?" And then I put it
through to some one of the research
engines. I can't wait to use Manis. I
haven't used it yet, but like some kind
of research engine like deep search like
um elillicit. It's if you haven't
checked out elicit, I will give you a
recommendation.
It's
incredibly powerful. It's like they
they're outperforming every other the
research engine on the benchmark. So, so
check that one out. Um it's also more
like it's more
um
it's putting the it like you would in in
a very academic paper, right? It's like
it's it's an academic paper engine. Um,
so you can if you have a big question, I
go there, but it cost you cost you a
fair bit of money to run your data that
way. Uh, if you have a smaller question,
you just do like a quick like grock
search uh on a deep search and you're
going to get back here's your initial
market research. And remember how I said
that you can now do all everything in
like this virtual simulator with the
robots, right? Like what you can do now
is you can virtually simulate your
product from market research, target
audience,
sub audiences. Who would be more likely
to actually like adopt this kind of
technology? Why?
Then send that to prototype. Create a
demo. Send demo back to my table.
Say, "Hey, I have this demo. Now giving
the marketing plan, right? like I want
to use score app to uh craft a mini
survey where I start initiating my
clients, my my potential customers
and from that how can I engage them in a
way where
they're not going to find me dreadfully
boring.
They're going to actually like maximize
their engagement because of our
attention span having dropped from 8 12
seconds to 8 fact. It's like we have to
people's attention is lower and lower
and and it's being commoditized and
people are waking up to that