Kind: captions
Language: en
You mentioned the node locking. Do you
recall a time in your career where you
started to play with that and that kind
of opened your mind? It's like [ __ ] You
mentioned like this 250k break even
stretch and you were really focus too
focused on GTO.
&gt;&gt; Was that like the turnaround point
there? Was that when you started not
locking and seeing like oh [ __ ] I've
I've been applying all these things and
they're true right to a certain degree.
A lot of things you can hear people say
a lot of things. Yeah it's all true but
is it really that relevant? Like is it
the most relevant factor at this moment?
Yeah, exactly. Well, the solver is
always correct. You just have to set up
the solver correctly. So, when people
say GTO, they often mean against a basic
output rather than the actual output.
So, you can have a GTO counter strategy
against a compromised strategy. For
example, you can you can bet 50% on the
river for full pot. And then if your
opponent, let's say, overfolds, then
you'd be betting, let's say, 60% of the
time. And with not locking, you're
finding out what the thresholds are.
Let's say he overfolds by 10 percentage
points. Do you bet 10 percentage points
more? Do you change the way you're
betting? Do you start, for example,
having two sizes where, you know, in the
past what I would have done, let's say
10 years ago, I just go all in for five
times a pot with almost exclusively
bluffs because people just weren't
calling me. I recall not getting called
down like that for about a year. So
having a bunch of value hands in that
sizing obviously doesn't make sense. My
strategy is super easy to exploit. I
mean, if you basically win the pot
whenever you click call, then I'm
getting wrecked. But as long as they
don't call, then they're getting
wrecked. And then if I bet 75 on the
river, that's where I put my value hands
in. And I might still put some bluffs
in. So overall, my my ratio of value to
bluffs might be correct, but since I'm
splitting them over two ranges, and it's
completely unbalanced, they could be
exploiting me very badly. But as long as
they don't, I'm winning. Obviously, this
was 10 years ago and nowadays you cannot
just go for crazy strategies and expect
everybody to just, you know, get owned
by you. Your opponents are much better
than they were back then. So now having
uh let's say GTO base is far more
important than it was back then. I
remember there was a guy called Sir
Donald from Spain. Do you remember him?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he was 3.5xing the button. And my
and me in my, you know, black and white
mindset was thinking, "No, that's bad."
2.5 is the size in the go. Even though
there's a case an argument to be made
for almost every sizing, but he was
basically the ultimate exploitative
player. I I still remember he opened the
button and I would have A2 offsuit
against 3.5x at 500 zoom where the
rake's pretty high and I thought, well,
how can I fold an ace? Even though
calling ASUS offsuit against 3.5x button
is massively losing. So he's essentially
using exploit an exploitative strategy.
He's basically saying, "You don't have a
3.5x defending range. You don't know how
to defend flops, turns, and rivers here.
So, I'm going to use a strategy that
maybe in theory loses slightly to GTO,
but you're going to make such massive
mistakes that it more than makes up for
it." And he was a massive winner. And
then I thought, "Oh, well, he must be
running hot." So, I dismissed him. But I
should not have dismissed him. I should
have asked myself, he's playing such an
a funny strategy, but clearly it's
working. So, let me find whatever it is
that's working. There was another player
called Eccentric BG from Bulgaria and he
was limping and I thought the same
thing. I thought the rakes way too high.
People probably waver fold to steals.
Why are you limping here? But if people
are, you know, isolating king eight
offsuit against his, you know, 18% MP
limp, then they're just getting wrecked
against limp calls and then three bets,
right? So there's value in every
strategy and it's very important to not
just say things are bad or good. There's
almost nothing in life that is
inherently only bad or only good. Right?
Yon had a famous uh expression about
that.
&gt;&gt; So how did uh eccentric and sir Donald
uh motivate you in terms of thinking
more creatively about strategy and what
was the result of that?
&gt;&gt; They didn't I I only figured this out
years later. I just thought back at the
players who I found tough to play
against and they had great results and I
asked myself, well, why is that? And I
just realized there's something to their
strategy and it's not just whatever is a
high CV in theory. So, I started
implementing this uh maybe 3 four years
ago. I went to Colombia with one of my
best friends in poker, show force, and
we started raising 3x from every
position, which is kind of the old
school strategy, right? 3x or 3.5x.
And because we are the only two players
using that strategy,
people are not going to study against
us. If you've got 50 opponents, you're
not going to study against two of them.
And the same was probably true for
Eccentric BG. He was the only guy in the
pool limping. So people didn't thought
it was worth the effort to study how to
play against limps. So we we know how
our opponents are going to make
mistakes. We've prepared. They don't
know our strategy which gives us a
significant diff um advantage obviously
if we prepare well. So you have to
change your preop ranges your flop
turner reverse sebed strategies you have
to change almost everything. But the
good thing about being the only person
with a certain strategy is that if it
works you're going to crush. Obviously
if you're the only person making that
mistake and nobody else is you will get
crushed. That's why I'm not a fan of for
example saying oh I could limp. I could
don here. let me dunk. Let me try.
Because you don't understand whether
you're range donking, how large you're
doning, what your turn and river
strategy is. So maybe you're capturing a
little bit of EV just by donking the
flop, but you're going to give it back
uh on the turn in the river by getting
own because you don't know what you're
doing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So if you start to apply different
strategies, you have to know what you're
trying to achieve with those, right?
where where's the EV of this strategy
come from and execute that to to as
close to perfection as as you can
because that's in the end you know
whatever strategy you decide it's the
execution behind it that's going to
determine the EV now obviously certain
strategies will indeed be more optimal
either in theory or just simply because
how people will respond to them I saw
for example in I think it was the world
championship on coin poker I saw Jason
Gil he was opening 5x I think small bit
Yeah, I'm pretty sure he was opening 5x
and he was tree betting to out of
position from like 2.5 to seven or
something from the big blind something
stuff like that. So trying to drag
people in parts of the game tree that
you know you know but they don't. Right.
Exactly. It's actually I actually recall
as well in the past I would open do the
same. I would open like 4x or something
from the small blind trip with 5x and
then I remember the board comes low and
then people thought this is a good board
for me. Well I just opened 4x so you
raise a bit tighter. So people were
overstabbing low boards because they
thought they were good for them, but I
was either opening bigger on the bottom
or big on the small blind and therefore
the boards was no longer good for them.
So that was kind of a way that you know
people were not really keeping track of
the ranges properly. Um, so yeah, I
definitely think there's a lot of value
in