Kind: captions
Language: en
Welcome back to the Mechanics of Poker
podcast and welcome to the Cash Game
World Championship special. This time
we're going to do things a little bit
differently because over the next four
episodes, you'll get to learn from five
of the top competitors in the challenge
who battled it out in this intense
30-day championship which created some
of the toughest midstakes games online.
We'll dive into how they prepared, what
they learned, and the road they took to
get there. Packed with real stories,
mindset shifts, strategy, and various
tactical jams. I played in the challenge
myself and personally handpicked the
players who stood out to me the most.
So, let's meet the crushers and jump
into this first episode.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I am basically Kik at the coin
pocket challenge, but my real name is
Enrique. Hello guys, my name is
Christian Frimmer. Uh, I'm probably
better known as Equinimity 911 and in
the challenge I played under the name
PTSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, my name is Louis. On the
challenge as Cherry Sweet. I used to
stream under BM Black, but I think as
mostly known of her poker sites as
Cherry MX or Yeah, Cherry Sweet.
&gt;&gt; I'm Connor Rash um Venator on Coin Poker
and known better uh in MTTS as Fear the
Reaper. Hi, I'm uh one of 45 from the
challenge and uh better known as Marsh
Menas.
&gt;&gt; If you had to describe your current
playing style or strategic philosophy in
one sentence,
&gt;&gt; a balanced player to your specific
player style.
&gt;&gt; Go for aggro. A bit of this, a bit of
that. Balance. I try to play good poker,
but I also try and go out of the way
when I trust my gut.
What was your first reaction when you
heard that they were organizing a
midstakes version of the Cascan World
Championship and what made you feel like
I have to compete in this?
&gt;&gt; So, I was really excited about it. I
remember talking that with a friend that
it will be nice for us to have the
opportunity to compete because uh the
last December we were following
almost every day the highest stakes
challenge kind of having also the dream
to one day participate in this kind of
events but of course if it's high stakes
is going to take at least couple of
years to be able to participate not only
because of the letter but also the
bankro
&gt;&gt; I wanted to compete because I wanted to
see in a rag battle format how I would
do against guys that are playing maybe
like 200 NL to some 1k&l guys.
&gt;&gt; Um, hearing that there was a midstakes
one was definitely something I was
interested in. Um, and I wanted to test
myself a deep stack um because it can be
helpful in tournaments as well to get
sharp at 100 BBs.
&gt;&gt; I just thought playing with no rake
would be very cool. Never tried that
before. And then I also do like wreck
battle battling. I would I was expecting
to just be to there be like a lot of
wrecks. So I thought that would be funny
as well. And then the letterboard thing
I think it was super cool aspect. It was
it did make it feel like a bit of it
made some kind of like MTT aspect in the
cash game which has never been seen
before. I actually was uh very excited
when I first heard about it because uh
last two years uh I was kind of
demotivated at my place in poker. I've
been playing mistakes for the last
couple of years and before I was playing
higher and um I felt like I kind of uh
stuck at those stakes and uh like been
been just gring it like casually without
any uh particular big goals in mind and
uh this challenge uh
excited me because it's like a big clear
goal and also I thought uh it's a very
achievable goal for me.
&gt;&gt; Did you do anything uh specific to get
ready for this event? Whether this can
be strategy, study, mindset and did you
have any kind of plan or goals in mind
going in?
&gt;&gt; I did only pre flop study because I
haven't played with aunties too much but
apart from that no because I wasn't sure
which opponents are going to play. It
didn't have make any sense to just study
one spot for that two weeks because it
will have no uh impact on on a one month
win like I think you have to be
preferred before that event to just play
that not uh not after.
&gt;&gt; So I came in fairly unprepared I would
say just wanting to play my own game
that I was already playing.
&gt;&gt; No I I didn't come in with any goals. I
just kind of wanted to play um for the
battle and and for the fun of it.
&gt;&gt; What do you think were like some of your
strength and possibly weaknesses going
in that you know thought you would that
made you think do you that you had a
good shot or things that you were on the
lookout for like oh this is probably
something I have to work on?
&gt;&gt; Well for me um the best part of the
challenge is the cards being displayed
after each hand. Um because my my
biggest strength has always been um you
know using a meta to my advantage and
you know you play a really out of line
hand against someone and immediately the
equilibrium shifts. Um so that's one
thing I really really enjoy about poker
and when cards are uh turned face up
after every hand that that change
happens much faster right than normal
poker because you know you don't get so
many showdowns on average. Um,
weaknesses I guess would just be, you
know, not as sharp theoretically in in
no anti-cash. Um, compared to some of
these guys who have been grinding more,
but uh, during the weeks with anti um, I
felt at least, you know, I could hold my
own with the cops guys theory was.
&gt;&gt; You you mentioned already the meta. How
would you describe the meta and how do
you think the show element made the meta
evolve quickly?
Well, I mean,
you know, even even in simple hands like
three bet pre and and you fold, you can
see if if the guy has a combo that's not
in range or not. So, like, you know,
every hand you're gaining information
whether it's they snap three bet you and
it's aces or they tank three bet you and
it's aces. So, you get timing reads, you
get sizing reads. Um just the amount of
information you get every hand with
cards up is is insane compared to
regular poker.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely not. I was playing I was
grinding like full schedule scoop. So
when scoop scoop was about to end, this
challenge started and like while I was
having, you know, a couple of tables of
entities, you know, when I was like one
tableabling or two tableabling, I just
added some cache tables and I had never
studied like I never studied any no rake
cash before. So I was just playing like
this sort of like rake cash ranges.
while I hadn't studied anything the
first like three four days I probably
lost like 13 bans or something and then
when school was over I took time and you
know sat down and started studying and
that's just what I did throughout the
whole challenge I like played a couple
hours sat out I had a lot of spots that
I screenshotted then I just went through
just like not going like super in-depth
in every hand but just like studying the
kind of spots like overall and then
hopping in again and playing, hopping
out, studying, and then just like keep
doing that over and over again.
&gt;&gt; Actually, I did something very similar,
especially with the prefab. Yeah. I just
Okay, I know bit wider and let's start
from there. And then just review review
and you know, reiterate and every time
every time just get better as you go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it makes you feel super sharp
when you like when you keep doing that,
right? Like throughout the end, like the
last 25% of the challenge, I didn't do
it as much. And it's I just feel like
it's it's I sort it does reflect a
little bit in my results. You know that
when I don't do it, I just start
autopiloting a little bit more. I get
almost like a little bit more bored
because if you have just studying some
some hands, you kind of feel like, oh, I
want to go in and like get some sort of
spots that I know better now. And it's
it gets more gets more exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I feel like you you you give your
brain something to pay attention to
like, oh, we just had this, you know, we
just studied this spot. Let's not be on
the lookout for it, you know? And if you
don't have anything like that, like you
said, your brain is like, oh, wait,
we're just going to do what we always
do. Okay. Well, we can just autopilot,
right? Chill. There's nothing we have to
pay particular attention to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I really feel like I mean
it's it's something I thought more about
like throughout this challenge because I
feel like there's a bunch of like good
wrecks but I just al also feel like it's
a lot about performing like I I do feel
like Stefan is you know like he must be
like a very good player right since that
he has been competing at like a very
high level right but I just feel like he
could not perform in this challenge
because the buying was too low he was
like so like his performance level was
just like not So compared to some other
guys like maybe like me that could just
like be very excited and have fun
playing this challenge like it just
makes such a huge difference.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you and you saw that right if
you I don't know what your experience
was in the field but if you compare like
an average 500 maybe 1k table compared
to the average tables that were running
in the challenge. I would say the
average level sometimes would be like 2k
it was definitely not uh not 500 NL
level. I would say
&gt;&gt; I haven't played 2K and L so I don't
really know and I haven't played like a
ton of in like in L1K as well so I
wouldn't say I have like I mean I feel
like when I have been playing L1K I I do
feel the difference in in the Rex like
when you get down to an L500 it's like
you do want to fold the river a lot but
here in this challenge it was a
difference experience very different
&gt;&gt; I thought I could win it because I have
uh every tools in my toolbox to win it
like a years of experience. I'm tough
mentally because I dealt with huge
things swings when I played the higher
stakes. Uh also I used to be a big
grinter. I used to be a supernova elite
on star so I can play huge volume and uh
I know how to maintain a good focus for
long periods of time. So the biggest
challenge for me was kind of just to
structure the months. So I have uh the
time to dedicate to the competition. Uh
I have a family with two little kids. So
it's kind of was the biggest challenge
to structure my days. In my head I was
planning to play like six tables on full
focus and uh just to bring the probably
around 50k hands.
Um and I thought with that approach I
have a chance but not really big because
I thought that at the mistakes there
will be a lot of guys who could put like
uh 100k hands volume.
&gt;&gt; Were you uh surprised you mentioned like
uh the volume and that going in you
thought that you know a certain minimum
volume was required. I think in the end
you ended probably top five in volume if
I'm not mistaken. uh somewhere people
were not putting in more volume.
I actually was really surprised about
it. Um because uh I started this
challenge uh by losing 20 buys in first
week and uh I thought I basically I from
that point I don't have a chance uh on
winning it but uh I did enjoy playing
and uh the other thing uh I thought was
that it's a good learning opportunity
because with showdowns you just uh can
trade your intuition. You see where
people bluff whether your like faults
are good or not like those types of
things. So um I decided to play
the most hours as I can no matter what
just because of the learning opportunity
it gives with this with show table
aspects of it. Basically just training
my intuition. What was your uh first
week of the grind like when it started?
Did anything surprise you or feel
different compared to what you might
have expected going in?
&gt;&gt; Well, not only the first week, just the
first day to be able to see the
showdowns were was really really crazy.
like also uh in a mental kind of way
like the game flow that you have in the
during the the session that I had was
completely different to a normal running
session because you
might get bluff and you have you will
always see the showdown you will show
all your the showdown so basically you
will give information and you will
receive information in every hand and
that was uh something that I didn't
expect and I think in the first week uh
at least
20 or 30 wrecks were playing really
really aggressive like I think during
the challenge there was like a big
change from that first week everyone was
bluffing every hand almost any street
the pre flop uh that I saw the the three
bets that I saw were crazy like during
the third and fourth week these guys
didn't weren't pain maybe because they
lost a little bit or they just calm down
but in the first impression was like wow
I'm I didn't expect that I wasn't
adapting quite well to the opponents
like these guys are really good I think
uh the field kind of a bit uh
softer than I expected it to be and uh
at the same time it was uh more
aggressive than I expected it to be. So
it took me some time to readjust because
uh usually
when I come to a new pool I I play very
overly aggressively until the pool
adjusts and here in the beginning like
the pool is kind of everyone was over
aggressive and so it kind of developed
this kind of a meta where you
have to slow down a bit. So in the
beginning I think I tried too hard to
win this thing. Also I I feel like many
people
uh myself included uh treated uh treat
it in a way that like uh they should win
it in a day when in reality it's like a
marathon.
You have to like put the same amount of
effort every day for the 30 days. And uh
like many people just tried too hard in
the first week. Uh also one thought that
uh crossed my mind during the first week
because I was thinking that this pool is
a kind of a clean pool. I mean in terms
like there is a no guys like with a RTA
or some other cheating software for sure
just because of the nature of the event.
I think it's like just not reasonable
thing to do.
&gt;&gt; People were just like laughing way more
and also like catching way more. Um did
this aspect of the challenge where you
could see the hand every time. It
definitely made people want to make the
cool bluff way more. Probably also for
me, but like it was there was really
this aspect of I want to show the table
how cool I am right now. I really feel
like that was the thing.
&gt;&gt; How aggressive people were pre flop.
Post flop not so much, but pre flop it
felt like people were more aggressive.
And my first week started off very bad.
Downsw
15 buyins in the first day or two. So I
got off to a very bad start and then um
caught some heat after that. So the
second half of my first week was pretty
good, but the first few days were
definitely rough. It honestly surprised
me um
how high the level was for 500 and L
because the last time I I really grinded
cash seriously was maybe 2022ish
where I put in a lot of volume 2021. Um
and the game has progressed a lot since
then. Um and and most of my volume
volume has been in MTT. So when I'm
playing 100 BB deep, um these guys are
not quite as sharp at that because in
MTTS it's just a you know tiny fraction
of the game. Guys maybe study it 5% as
much um as cash guys. So yeah, the level
was was higher than I expected for 500
and all.
&gt;&gt; Are you grinding hard, studying solvers,
reviewing hands, but still not getting
those results that you know you're
capable of? You're putting in the time
and effort, but without clear direction,
that effort does not pay off. That is
why I created the Mechanics Leakbuster
program, which is the exact system I
used to make over seven figures playing
online poker and have since taught to
hundreds of students so they could do
the same. Through our league finder
stats and pop-ups, you will gain clarity
on your biggest leaks and tendencies,
insights on how your strategies have
been performing in game, and the impact
variance has had on your results. But
knowing your stats is only the
beginning. In the program, we dig deep
into the root causes behind your leaks
and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve. As a poker player,
you'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break, and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back, and
take your game to the next level, join
the Mechanics Leakbuster program using
the link down below. And for the first
month of enrollment only, you will get
access to weekly group coaching calls
with me and get a chance to win a
one-on-one coaching session in which I
personally review your game. So don't
miss out on this limited opportunity.
Join the Mechanics League Buster program
using the link down below and looking
forward to seeing you guys in there. How
do you think in general this show
element affected the meta? Did it affect
your strategy in any way? And did it at
some point mess with your mind maybe in
any way as well?
&gt;&gt; No, I just I I loved it. So many times
you get, you know, sort of frustrated,
but it also makes you like very curious
like when they made the bluff and I mean
I just I feel like it should be on on
every table. It messed with uh with my
mind a lot because like uh when like
when you see every time you getting
bluffed in some spots where you didn't
expect it to, you feel like you own and
even in spots where you expect to be
bluffed sometime and you make some hero
fold, it still messes with your mind
because you like it like it treats it as
a defeat. like you need to
relearn how to
uh how to process those things. So yeah,
I think some people in the chaos they
were quite fast to put like uh to make
like a strong judgments of the players
because uh for example uh they probably
saw
quite a few bad plays from my side or
like uh some
no sense [ __ ] bluffs and uh this
messes with them. So they start to
readjust the whole strategy in most of
the spots and at the same time like I
know what I showed up with. So I'm
readjusting as well. So it's like a
constant u leveling war between
each of the players and also it's a very
massive pool.
So it's very hard to keep track of
everyone. But I did try to just develop
uh this basically the sense of how
people play and uh tried in every
evening I tried to just um scroll and
look through showdowns not just analyze
them just to make them subconscious like
how the guys like what they show what
they show and what did I show.
Um
yeah also just like during the play you
can I was sometimes just uh looking at
the heart and uh you can easily like uh
check showdowns in subtonum lines. It's
a lot of info and from and uh from a lot
of showdowns you can kind of make
generalizations about how the guy feels
or how the guy uh thinks. It was the
pre-flow adaptation I had to do. I start
um fing almost most more fing all of the
bluffs that I needed to to do and even
more because uh the meta um wasn't
adapting the first week. I think also
Stefan was playing and I didn't I never
played against him and he was in every
table and just because you have him on
the table you have to really be careful
with your pre flop. If you want to play,
you got to play that really aggressive.
If not, it's better maybe not to play
it. So, I think meta was also kind of
adapting. I think second week or third
week, I see I saw different adaptations.
Maybe the guys were just were showing
bluff in every spot. They were more
towards give ups on the river. Um, but
also the pre flop was not as wide as the
first week. So I think everyone got a
little bit uh they just if they were
here they put a one less pressure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It seemed like everyone the guys
that were too much they were kind of
scaling it down. The guys that were too
little they kind of scaled it up. So we
all kind of adjusted towards the meta
you know when when week two when week
three was going on. I talked to most
people and it was almost like I would
describe it as like the opposite like
the normal overb bluff sports were now
sort of getting underbluffed and the
normal underbluff spots were getting
overbluffed. It was it was really weird.
It was like the opposite world of a
normal mitstakes uh population I would
say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sure. Also because you were seen
all the shons you will see. Okay. Now
he's not doing that because I make notes
every every hand. I I was making notes
of all the opponents. I have like one uh
worksheet where I was okay this guy I do
this. I think he in future situation he
will uh have the same um same pattern.
So basically I have I was seeing my
notes and then I was seeing the shows
and sometimes they were contradicted. So
they just changed they adapted from the
following week. So yeah probably you say
aggressive guys were slowing down and
tight guys were putting more pressure.
So they were finding more the
equilibrium I would say. Yeah, I would
say that my adjustments I started making
were just being more aggressive pre flop
and post flop. Not really letting people
get away with maybe betting too wide in
certain spots or not free betting so
wide. I was just trying to punish those
things as I saw them. And um I think
that adding the show element to the
game, it definitely made it feel a bit
more personal in sports because yeah,
like if people were doing something out
of line, you see it and then it's, you
know, maybe they're they're doing an
exploit on you, maybe they have a read
on you. And I think it also just made it
it made the games play in a way where
people were
adapting and adjusting quicker than they
otherwise would. Yeah, I guess
especially when you see something more
out of line like you said, for example,
if you see something completely
ridiculous,
you know, you're probably going to note
that and that would that could
definitely change the meta where, you
know, in in in normal in normal games,
uh, yeah, you often can do something
ridiculous but don't see it. I remember,
for example, sometimes I made way too
way too wide of an open because I
thought the guy was just overfolding was
like, "Oh, wait." But this is this is I
don't know how many pips to wide. I just
felt like go for it. like [ __ ] but if I
win this hand, he's going to see it. H
maybe, you know, I don't know what I
could do here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I I saw some crazy things
when I was looking back at my hands. I
saw, for example, like Ventor five bet
jammed blind v blind with 10 n suited.
And I can't I don't think he'd ever do
this on a nonshow table. I think he
purely thought that there was Eevee in
doing it because when they fold and they
see he's doing with it with 10 9 suited,
it creates some kind of dynamic there.
So yeah, definitely opened up the doors
and in ways that you don't typically
see.
&gt;&gt; Well, I came in playing my normal
strategy, which is a pretty heavy red
line based strategy. Very aggressive pre
flop, pretty much all nodes post flop.
Um, and then you find out which guys are
are adjusting hard to that and you
counter adjust. So, yeah, I figured out
which guys, you know, are going to fight
back the most, which guys are going to
press the call button the most, and then
you, you know, try to try to not really
bluff those guys anymore.
&gt;&gt; Then you then you flip your strate. You
think that that's also where the show
element came in really nicely or you
think it hinders like someone with your
style? I think it was very helpful for
me um you know for the most part because
as long as you can stay one step ahead
it's to your advantage. You just have to
make sure you know not to not to let
them catch up.
&gt;&gt; How do you how do you know when someone
has catched up or like the
&gt;&gt; Well, sometimes you actually predict
before you see um before you even see
them adjust. Like I played the pocket
five hand, which was a super crazy hand
against um I forget his name. I I guess
we'll see later on, but against this
player
&gt;&gt; gay for you, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh what is it?
&gt;&gt; Was it that one? Too gay for you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Too gay for you. Um I played
this five hand and I remember
immediately writing a note after this
hand like do not bluff this guy for a
long time and for the rest of
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially the more the more
extreme, right? If if you come show up
with a combo, I remember I did the same
when I did something pretty extreme out
of line. I and it got shown. I made a
note of that. When it's like something
quote quote regular, maybe on the
aggressive side, it's fine. But when you
do something that's out of line, that's
when people really like, oh, wow. Oh,
wait.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; So, that's what's going on.
&gt;&gt; The more out of line it is, you know,
the the bigger the adjustment will be.
And that hand was like off the charts
out of line. So, um, yeah, I just made a
note like, you know, you you need to
have it in big pots against this guy
going forward. And that's what I did the
rest of the challenge and he sort of
seemed to be on range call um for the
rest of the time I played in every spot.
You you feel like this is part of uh
where you gain a good edge like with
this aggressive style kind of
advertising yourself and then really
paying attention to okay so these guys
are the ones that are now just fed up of
me and they're going to just call me
down and against those guys I adjust.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I mean it's it's such
huge EV when you when you can just bet
four or five times spot with the nuts
and get paid regularly. Um, so being
able to set that up early in the
challenge I think is crucial.
&gt;&gt; In week two, anties got added. Were you
a fan of the change?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in the beginning I was I was kind
of um
I didn't like that they will do anti
because it's just uh the format time I
don't play. And it went well for me. I
think I was um adapting faster than most
of the guys to this change. And um I
used to play a lot of heads up and I
think it helps to range people down in
wider ranges wider range spots. So I
felt like uh actually it was to my
advantage.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I love anti um you know coming from
MTTS. I think it it's just a way better
format of poker. You get to play more
hands. There's more in the pot to fight
for. you know, more action and uh yeah,
can just play a higher V pip. It's more
fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's very funny because again, I
never studied anything with ENT in cash.
Um, obviously I played MT so it was kind
of like playing MTS, right? But I was
kind of thinking like uh I I I wouldn't
really like it. I would just like it to
be without entities. But then I played
it and it was just so much fun. So much
more going on like um so yeah I really
enjoyed playing with NT and I mean when
when ranges just gets wider it just
creates such a better environment so
much more room for creative plays and so
much more room for people making
mistakes as well. Like it's so crazy
like when you play in a non-Antans with
high rake environment where under the
gun opens 2.5x and you're sitting in the
big blind you have to start folding like
king 10 off and [ __ ] It's just like
it's kind of cringe you know and here
you just you just qualified for every
hand was uh so that was very funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I haven't played that much
but I think it was kind of uh good
because um not many people were used to
play with antis not only myself. So I
think if I study that fast and adapt
well I could have an edge on that
because it's not only that I don't know
is that maybe it's new for most of the
opponents. I guess if the opponents that
will have more experience with that will
have an edge, but because I thought most
of the meta, most of the Rexs haven't
played that much with antis. I think it
was something that could be an advantage
for me if I get to adapt quicker. So
yeah, I think most of the guys weren't
playing pre flop correctly. I h saw the
preflop charge on wither and that you
have to make some not standard calls on
the bottom and only a small bl. I I
don't think that many uh people were
doing that. Basically, if you open two
eggs on the bottom, you have to call
queen five suited in the small blind or
something like that. So, yeah, I think
um there was uh some kind of pre flop
edge in that kind of situations. And if
you don't have the pre flop correctly,
then you're going to mess up a little
bit post flop because it's like the best
of anything. So, yeah. Um, I wasn't a
fan before because I have no
information, but I think uh I did well
in the anti-game because I was studying
that uh outside of the tables
&gt;&gt; in terms of like adjusting from your
normal strategy. Like for example, you
said for example, a lot of people
normally don't really play cold calls
from the small blind. I saw a mixed
approach. people who would maybe be a
bit let's just call it stubborn or they
try to just kind of ignore almost the
ante and stay within their normal game
right not flatting from smaller noting
in other positions
&gt;&gt; a bit wider in the big blind I think
that's an easy adjustment how far off
from your normal game were you willing
to go
&gt;&gt; I tried to copy what I thought it was
the GTO or the best solution possible
but of course uh sometimes uh solvers
that the server solution wasn't the best
one because there there were people that
were also not opening enough. So I have
to just try to uh guess if opponents
were adapting to the ante or not in
order me to also defend wider or not
because if he's not opening on the
bottom I don't know king seven offshoot
whatever h I cannot defend for free off
and maybe against some other opponents.
Yes. So I was trying to play
as I had to do but also adapting to the
players that I was facing because as you
said there were players that maybe even
were opening wider than they should and
others that were just stucking to the uh
six max and no anti games that they are
used to. I mean, personally, I'm a I'm
not an anti player, so I don't have much
experience there. But I do feel like um
since the vast majority of players there
also are not used to the anti format, I
felt like there were some areas where
you could make pretty big exploits. The
biggest thing that I personally thought
of or not the biggest thing but one of
the things I noticed for example was the
big blind is meant to defend way more of
the suited hands pre flop even against
like early positions with the with the
ante. And so what my assumption with
that was was that on runouts where um a
flush gets there maybe on turn or river
um they're going to end up with a lot of
these weaker flushes.
And I think my assumption was they
weren't going to realize how much of
their range is actually these weak
flushes. And so on the river when
picking a bet size, what I found was or
what I assumed was if I use this
hyperpolarized all-in sizing where I'm
repping either like end not flush uh
blocker or I have maybe king high ace
high flush, I just assume they're not
going to be they're not going to be
elastic with their flushes. I just
assume they're going to pure call these.
So for example there when I felt like
players weren't used to to their ranges
being slightly different. I felt like
this was a spot where I could just under
blow fastly and just pile money in with
value and it's just going to work well.
For example, there were other um more
commonly occurring things as well. Even
like defending the blind correctly
against small open race sizes, you know,
not flatting enough in positions,
playing free bet fold. I just felt like
people were not realizing equity with
enough hands pre floped given that
they're having to invest money in every
single position. So, it created a
situation where I think if you I didn't
personally select tables like this, but
you could have just found tables where
you felt guys weren't actually playing
um pre flop correctly in this structure
and just V pip like 4050 and get away
with it and actually do quite well just
by opening wider or realizing equity pre
flop with more hands. So you you
mentioned there about u like table
selecting that was not part of your part
of your stratey at all.
&gt;&gt; I tried to always be on a table with
Stefan. That was the only table
selection that that I used personally.
&gt;&gt; You like some action?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean well I just felt like
Stefan was
the closest thing to a recreational that
I saw. I know there was one of a wreck
in the field. Um I didn't even realize
he's a wreck. I don't play with a hood
or anything. I just assumed this a rag
cuz he was auto topping up. I can't
remember his name. He lost like 50 lines
in the first week.
&gt;&gt; He was like second second biggest loser,
right? Also with quite quite high
volume. I remember if I if I if if I saw
table sometimes you had a table with
Stefan and him.
&gt;&gt; It was a crazy table because these guys
both, you know, they were in the never
fall to three bet squeeze 25 three bet
25% camp and they were all completely
completely crazy. So it was like okay it
seems like a good table to get aces.
That was that was my strategy, guys.
&gt;&gt; I I probably missed out on a lot of
Eevee by not realizing that guy was a
recreational and just never like I was
never looking for tables with him. I
think other guys were. That probably did
cost me a bit. Yeah. For like obviously
it's not as actively table selecting as
a normal grind, but for example, what I
would do is when the grind started, I
would first take a look at okay, what
are the tables? and I would just go one
by one and start adding myself to
waiting lists where on tables that I
thought were better and then I go with
my preparation and then these tables
will pop up and I average I have better
tables. So like sometimes I would for
example sometimes it would be would be a
six-handed game and there would be like
three of the top 10 guys were in there
&gt;&gt; but then I looked in the lobby and so
hey
&gt;&gt; three weaker guys are playing
three-handed. Well, may maybe I should
play that one forhanded instead. In
general, actually, I looked for more I
tried to find more three and four-handed
games as because I I I just like that
format more. You get more hands in. And
I was definitely also looking what you
said. If I knew guys were, for example,
mimra and anti. I love that. So, I saw,
oh, I can be big blind versus the
button. This guy is playing mimra and is
a general weaker player. Oh my god, this
is amazing. I'm just going to defend any
two. I'm going to overrealize like
massive. I'm gonna get a lot of like
bluffability postlop, you know, because
I thought that these were kind of
passive weaker players. So, I definitely
uh yeah, it was definitely part of my
strategy. Not as actively as normal. Uh
but I definitely think just looking
around uh yeah, definitely gave me an
extra couple of BB and win rate for
sure.
Yeah, just to add to that, I think my
approach was kind of similar then
because I always wanted to play like
less than six00anded because I it just
felt like they're just bigger there. And
also my my initial strategy was I fire
up 12 tables and then once I have 12
tables, I just weight list the others.
And if like I have a table where there's
guys that I feel like are genuinely very
good players or like decent players,
then I'm just going to swap that table
out for like you said a table with some
of the weaker guys or maybe lower on the
the leaderboard. I I would do this type
of selection.
&gt;&gt; How do you think on average uh the poor
adjusted to the anties
&gt;&gt; from my perspective? Um not too well. I
think uh many
uh a lot of guys played
too tight three flop and uh they will
overdo like it's not it's uh not only on
antiix but non anti people usually
overdo with four betting a lot. Uh when
you in rake free environment you have to
call in position much more often for
three bets. Um,
and in terms of uh post lock strategy,
it's hard to tell.
&gt;&gt; I feel like people got better in the
end, but as I just remember in in the
beginning, I just feel like there was a
lot of probably a lot of overfolding, so
like the small sizing, the small dongs.
Um, yeah, that's like mostly what I
remember. just, you know, you could like
throw in these like 10 15% dunk bits on
the turn and you would just like see
snap folds where I would be pretty
certain that they would have hands that
they should just continue with. I think
the field adapted fairly well. Um maybe
people
maybe some regs were a bit too tight on
average like they don't know that you
can you know flat queen five suited in
the small blind versus a button man and
stuff like this like missing the you
know u the sort of borderline hands um
at first and anti but I think for the
most part um people adapted pretty well
but yeah it's surprising how much or how
loose you can be with no rake and and
one vbie do
&gt;&gt; you feel like as an empty player
Especially with the ant is there. You
you you gain an edge. Obviously, it's a
higher average tax size than maybe you
put it in most of your volume, but still
there's way more multi-way pots, like I
said, way more cold call cost spots than
regular raed cash games.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Multi-way um is still
sort of the wild west in poker. It's
it's one of the few um nodes where where
freestyling is still uh very important.
And um yeah, definitely definitely
something that's a huge difference
between anti and no anti. It
&gt;&gt; it's a difficult one, right? Because if
you've not studied these spots, then
it's kind of like do you really want to
start implementing a new strategy that
you're not comfortable in and post it
can cost you more than the EV of just
not taking the spot to begin with just
by not flying that position. For me
personally, I I actually felt kind of
comfortable just taking these spots. I'm
not saying I played them great, but I
feel like I did play them like
reasonably well. And I I just felt like
it was the right thing to do in the
moment to take some spots like flying
the small blind, cold calling behind,
especially when I found that peop I felt
like people were for betting me a lot.
And so I couldn't just free bet fold the
small blind. And then if I have like,
you know, king nine suited, king 10
suited against an earlier position,
especially an ant, it's like I didn't
want to just fold these hands free. And
so I kind of felt forced to to develop
flying strategies in these spots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's indeed an interesting
dilemma. Is it okay? I'm going to try to
capitalize the V by V pipping the wider
or and then the question is do I play
the hands well enough post flop in order
to to make this flat plus a V, right? I
do think like the extra hands that you
get to flat. I see them more as like a
bonus. And it's not like it's not like
you suddenly have to defend for offsuit
and you get in trouble with shitty
hands, right? It's like you said, oh,
oh, nice. Now I can flat 4 six suited or
a king five suited, you know, stuff like
that. Hands that are, you know, still
relatively good, right? Especially like
speaking from the small blind or or on
the button. On the button actually, you
you you could get a little bit more in
trouble because yeah, it sometimes could
get quite wide. Um, how do you think you
you you did on average there?
&gt;&gt; I love it personally. I in general I
like winging it. So if if the foret
allows me to wing it and just hey nice I
get to play these hands. Let's let's see
what develops. I personally I feel like
I thrive in this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean personally I would lean
myself more towards that category as
well. I would say that compared to the
other players, I'm underststudied in
maybe like a theory aspect and I I kind
of just fall back on like
what why logically think is a good play
in the spot. So I feel like with this
kind of approach, it's you have more
liberty and maybe playing spots that
you've not studied and maybe the other
guys haven't studied. You'll probably
just do a little bit better on average
than them. And even if they have studied
the spot, I personally I found that I
could just make it work well enough to
where it is worth doing. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How did your strategy evolve as the
challenge progressed in general?
Anything you started or stopped doing
more or less of?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for me it kind of
it kind of how would I explain it? It's
like so to start with I was probably
playing too weak or too passive in
spots. not as not as a strategic thing.
I probably was just playing too weak or
conservative
or maybe too respectful. And then as the
challenge progressed, I got a lot more
aggressive. And then like what I kind of
found is um as I got more aggressive, I
felt like people would see this because
of the show aspect. And then naturally,
I'd kind of tune it down a bit. after
tuning it down a bit, if I felt like it
wasn't needed anymore, like maybe I got
some confirmation, I'd go more
aggressive again. So, for me, it's kind
of like um it wasn't a continuous thing
where like I just adjusted one way
forever throughout the entire time I was
playing. I tried to mix it up, let's
say, when I felt like it was appropriate
or had some sort of confirmation on
that.
&gt;&gt; I was constantly changing my strategy.
it uh
it depended on
on my mood a lot. Like if I feel like
today I kind of
want to go bankers, I would go bankers
and like play overly aggressive for one
day, but the next day I kind of want to
just relax and chill. I will just go
like uh I open 12 tables and uh just to
play like a decent solid strategy
without uh overinking it. So I was just
basically trying to switch it up every
every other day. So the people just uh
like it's hard to read someone's
strategies if it's if it's always
different. I I think I I think it worked
or at least if if I could tell you from
my perspective. I think I changed your
tag and your perception like many times
throughout the challenge. First week,
second week, I was like, "Wait, like the
first week I made I made some
conclusions and the second week I I I
changed my conclusions and the third
week I changed it again." So, yeah, you
did a good job in in confusing your
opposition.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. That worked. Yeah, especially
third week I think I played a really
really nitty style because I kind of
uh showed up a lot of like uh crazy
bluffs or some crazy hands and also I
ran well like the biggest uh attribute
to my success in the challenge I got on
a heater and uh on a hitter at the right
moment after like I kind of developed
was some sort of crazy image that I just
got dealt a good hands and and uh I
widened up my value ranges in many
spots. So
worked out for me as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel I feel like what what
helped contribute to your image because
I felt like or I feel like you're a
player more that if you just think the
situation is right, you just do it
regardless of of your hand per se.
Whereas other guys, you know, who try to
play more quotequote GTO and they just
switch a little bit with their
frequencies. But with you, I saw a
couple hands that were like, wait, if
this hand is in there, that what's in
there? But later, I kind of found out,
you know, you just kind of play more the
spot when you just feel like the spot is
right or you have a read in your
opponent, you you're not afraid to go
for it. So, I feel like that definitely
contributes like if you see a couple of
hands like wait, what is this hand doing
in here, you know? So, then it's very
easy to draw big conclusions and
definitely I think that helped. uh uh
you get paid off in in the past. I
remember throughout the challenge I like
I said at many point I was like this
guy's out of line and then I was like hm
or he's actually not and then yeah I I I
went back and forth on it
&gt;&gt; because it's a competition like you can
treat it like an entity and like every
situation is like a is a unique like it
will not happen ever again. So I tried
to play that way also.
I pay close
not always but I try to pay close
attention to timing timings of my
opponents at at and at mistakes uh
people give
give a lot of information by timing
tells and uh also like um yeah just
keeping in the head of what uh
what perception of me they have
currently
and how that might change like if like
for example I haven't bluffed in a guy
like for a while like I can go for it or
if he like I remember that I never
showed him like some
some weird hands like I can over bluff
him or not like basically it kind of
tried to
make my decisions based on history a lot
and if there is no history you can do
whatever. I I try to be careful in the
river. I try to pay a lot of attention
and really sort of like sing it through
when bluffing the river because you know
people did not like folding. Um so I was
thinking a lot about right about that.
Um and the same thing as like when bluff
catching I I tried to sort of like
really think it through because it was
such a different experience than playing
normally. And yeah, as I said before,
like in the m middle of the challenge, I
really feel like I had a super good
feeling whether people were like over
bluffing or not. And in the end, for
some reason, I I just like
I had a worse intuition or whatever. I
don't know why. I just it just feel like
I maybe just because the players were
better, right? um in the in the end. So,
they were probably just playing like
better poker and it was harder for me to
to to figure out including against you.
I remember like in the beginning I I did
had a like sort of like good feeling
about a lot of the spots and in in the
end I just still [ __ ] crushed you.
&gt;&gt; That was kind of funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we definitely uh we
definitely tangled quite a lot. It was
uh it was a lot of fun. But I I think we
we actually chatted also with the one
was a flop in in in in the podcast and
he also said uh in general like people
were switching it up week by week. Uh so
people are also kind of changing to the
meta in different ways and obviously you
know there's some some just card
distribution variance in terms of the
spots but I feel like also within the
challenge right you play every day and
also yeah some weeks you just you know
you feel it more than than other weeks
right so obviously there's swings in
performance there as well um but yeah
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah what moments of love was
definitely one of the guys that
uh I could not figure out like sort
like he was definitely capable of
switching up, you know. So like that for
sure there's going to be spots where he
play against me where he would never
bluff and I call down figure he would be
bluffing and vice versa. So like yeah
that's uh definitely a good player.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well I uh start having data on
also most of the players because I was
playing I don't know 20k hands per week.
So yeah, I kind of study some of them.
It's not a big amount of data that you
have to study because it has a lot of
variance, but you can see the
tendencies. So I think my strategy was
just trying to distinguish the ress that
were ready to battle every hand that the
ones that were maybe more conservative.
So uh overall my strategy was just to
try to
uh change my mind
because I have like a big tendency of
myself of playing the previous meta I
was playing in my normal uh cast game
and in any situation I was like having
this um
mental guide that okay this is spot is
on the bluff and sometimes I was just
thinking too much about it but then I
have to really make sure that that spot
was under bluff against this opponent
and because the coin poker meta was
completely out of line in my opinion in
most of the cases. So it was just a
challenge for myself to just not uh be
able to think what I was just having
inside of mind because I just doing for
the last two years but to try to play
mostly the opponents and not your not my
hand because yeah I have to look blue
cuts quite more than I would I'm used
to. have to maybe
not bluff enough in this situation where
they just gonna call any blue cards
against other players. So probably
uh yeah have less aggression in certain
spots and blue cards more in every
situation which is something I do
opposite in in my actual uh cast games.
I tend to be more aggressive um a little
bit more forward than in the challenge.
Yeah, I think I think on average that's
going to be the right adjustment for the
normal grind and like I said, it was
almost like it's the opposite world. I
think what also contributes obviously a
challenge like this, you already kind of
filter out like the real core bomb
hunters, right? And then also on top of
that, you probably noticed this yourself
as well, let's say you have a normal
grind and you play a multiple sides,
you're looking for tables, you're you're
partly distracted now. It's just like
you open your tables and all you focus
on is play well. So you have also more
attention to the tables that you're
actually playing. So I think it's was
mainly those two. The fact that you
already filtered out the players and the
players that do play, they give it their
all, right? And I think also the
competition kind of raises your
necessity to focus and raises your
necessity to think creatively. So I
think that's what made these games
definitely tougher than uh yeah than
than your average grind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, there weren't any like we
players like day by day if you play any
1k or 500 NL in any site there will be
some guys who are not that good and then
that will be just from Hampton or
whatever and they will just win because
any recreational in coin pocket challen
games I didn't find any guy who were
okay him making big mistakes I think
most of the guys were also kind of uh
good because they joined the challenge
and by joining the challenge you're just
saying okay I want to compete I want to
try to do my best and they were showing
almost every day so they had to be good
otherwise h if you just play 100k hands
on these games and you are not good
enough you're just going to lose a lot
of money.
&gt;&gt; Do you think on average the level of
play or the average level of a table was
improving as as the weeks progressed? Do
you feel like maybe like some guys took
a shot in the beginning and maybe some
of the weaker they kind of already
filled it out? Do you felt week four the
games were tougher than week one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because the ones that were still
playing probably were the best ones. So,
I would say yes. But also because I
think there were a lot of uh
medium h steak grinders who just take a
shot of let's say five 10 buyins and
maybe they weren't the best in the pool
and they just lost and they they quit.
So, I think the the level was higher
because the ones that were still playing
probably were running hot, which also
brings you a little bit of kind of an
edge because when you're running good,
you're playing better. Sometimes you
make good decisions, you are you have a
good state of mind and also because they
were also kind of the best players I
would say. So, yeah, I think the level
in the weeks three or four was quite
quite high.
&gt;&gt; So, next next time around, put all your
put more volume in week one.
a a little little tip for the audience.
&gt;&gt; Sure. But we won was kind of a a jungle
like kind of
&gt;&gt; trying to find who who is doing what
like this. I remember speaking with my
friends like this is crazy like I have I
don't know how to play because I'm
falling and every time they show a bluff
I'm bluffing every time they call or
what like it's kind of a funny but uh
yeah it was kind of trying to adapt to a
new meta. If you're looking to level up
your poker game, let me tell you about
GTO Wizard. It's got everything you need
in order to improve as a poker player.
Whether you're just starting out or
already crushing it, you got tools like
a hand history analyzer, a GTO trainer,
and even custom drills to help you
sharpen up your skills and make smarter
plays. It's what so many of the guests
we have had on are using in order to
dominate cash games and tournaments. Get
started for free and get 10% off your
first purchase using the link down
below, gtoizard.com/mechanics.
If you sign up, you also get access to
the weekly coaching webinars where you
can learn from me and other great
coaches. So, looking forward on
educating you guys over there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, with most of the pros in the
field, how did you handle the increase
in competition? What affected this new
&gt;&gt; in terms of a rag to wreck ratio. It was
definitely like more different than what
I'm used to. I had a period where I did
do some rack battling on ACR. I was
playing like 1 to 3k an hour for a month
there. That was I would say pretty tough
as well. So I I had some I had some
experience with it but
um the main difference for me I felt was
that
it felt more exhausting in a way to play
where or it took more mental energy and
focus to keep up with the games because
it just felt like I was in more marginal
spots like significantly more marginal
spots than I'm used to and without any
sort of pause where you just have a spot
in to recreational where all your
decisions are probably winning a lot or
it's like very clear decisions either
way.
&gt;&gt; It was definitely super fun just to
battle in a in a pool that you know
didn't have too many recreational
players at all because for me that
that's the most fun part of poker, you
know, is you're trying your hardest,
someone else is working very hard on
their game, trying their hardest. Um and
it's a battle. It's a lot more fun than
for me at least than just playing you
know some cash game and some drunk guy
is giving it away um you know calling
three bets with 73 suited or something.
So yeah that part definitely brought out
my competitiveness.
&gt;&gt; I didn't enjoy it more because like uh
now
uh it's such field you can't uh rely on
money coming from uh recreational. So
like it makes your brain to focus more
and pay much more attention to what's
going on at the tables. I think it's the
bigger difference. But I wouldn't like I
would say that there was quite a healthy
amount of recreational during the
challenge. I think um that because uh it
was basically like 247 like maybe
sometimes 20 30 tables in the beginning
like so active lobby
uh I think it's very attractive for the
recreationals and uh it's been more of
them during the challenge than on the
other days because like after the
challenge I uh I still keep playing but
it's Like I think the games are worse
than during the challenge actually.
&gt;&gt; You mentioned you were tough mentally
before the challenge from your SNE
background and play some higher stakes.
How do you feel like this set you up
well for the challenge?
&gt;&gt; I think uh whoever leads like in the
first week or two they will not win this
thing. Like I had this belief like at
some point like something happens and
they will break or something like this.
And for me, I mean, the stakes is not
too high, so it doesn't matter like what
happens like it doesn't affect me. Yeah.
Just I think the just the experience
that playing higher makes it treated
more like a
kind of play money game. I would say
not like play money because it's like my
uh I've been playing mistakes for the
last two years but um I'm kind of
overall for for it so I don't really
care about the monetary aspect and the
things that mistakes don't affect me.
&gt;&gt; How did you set up your routine during
the challenge? What was your approach to
your schedule? How much were you playing
volumewise in terms of hours? What was
your studying look like? Maybe walk us
through like a day in the challenge. I
basically do a like a schedule of myself
of of the journey I will do the previous
day. So I in fact I use like tpt to make
me a calendar of myself. So I basically
uh have three or two sessions in the day
between two hours or three hours if they
were three. Um I also do did the sports
every day. So a day in one day uh that I
will do in the challenge of myself will
be waking up between 7 900 a.m. in the
morning trying to do like 1 hour
breakfast and if Estonian time is good
which is not very good I would do a walk
uh if sun was rising or whatever to just
uh wake up and have this good energy and
then I will start studying like for one
hour review probably the hands that I
play in the the last day hands that I
have that I noted that I have stand outs
probably some theory or probably just
some notes that I wanted to put into my
opponents to just also have this um in
my brain so I can if I see the note in
the morning maybe when I play with him
in two or three hours I will remember
that okay this guy did that in that
previously showdown and then in the
morning I will do one session between
two or three hours then I will always do
a sport uh going to the gym doing tennis
or if I at uh some football matches
because I play like in a league here in
Estonia. H then I will eat probably rest
a little bit another session. Um before
that session I will also review some of
the hands that I play in the morning
session but not for the too much time.
Then I will rest. I will always take a
walk or for a 1 hour probably call my
family which I miss a lot or talk with
my friend. And then after that I will
have my last session which it was the
toughest one because I will feel really
really tired. But of course if I had
this excitement I this uh pressure of
myself that I just had to win I would I
will do it. It was kind of a more of a
like I felt poker more as a job in that
month
than any other time that I've been on my
pocket career because I feel like
sometimes I don't work because I love
what I do. But in that month it was like
something shut up. In the challenge, I
try to I I tried to not have these like
very long grind where I just sit and do
nothing just then grind and play and
drink coffee and because I didn't want
to get into that sort of mindset where I
started autopilot piloting and wasn't
you know focusing. So I tried to take a
lot of breaks and go for walks and I do
a lot of sauna that really helps a lot.
It almost like it resets the day. So if
I sort of have a bad day or being in a
bad mindset, I could go to sauna and
come back and it sort of the day was
reset. Um so yeah, working out, doing
sauna and going for walks, trying to eat
healthy, trying to drink a lot of water.
&gt;&gt; And my approach to it was I would just
play until I felt tired or I needed to
eat asleep and then not take that much
time off to be honest. Um I was just
playing a lot and then
not I wasn't routine and when I would
wake up and sleep I just slept when I
was tired and woke up when whenever. So
I wasn't disciplined in this regard and
it led to me playing like different I'd
say different time zones. So there's
some different player pools I ended up
playing. So I put quite a few hours to
craft a schedule for the challenge and
also like talked to my wife how
important this thing is. So she can
so she basically like took care of our
kids for during the whole months. Um
which is hard to do with two little ones
especially during the weekends.
So thanks to her I was able to structure
the day how I didn't want um my day
basically it was like the same day every
day I I wake up around like 430 during
the challenge um do my morning routine
like nothing special just a quick
exercise session running and maybe some
light lifting session in the morning I
like to do uh cold shower and stuff like
medit meditation just quickly to do all
the things. In the beginning uh I did
like uh
3-hour session break for lunch and uh
then another 3hour session but uh later
on I just uh most of the days I just
played for 6 7 8 hours straight depends.
Uh, every day I finished uh with a sona
and uh a one hour walk with my kids like
to pick up my my oldest one from daycare
with a little one. So then just went to
bed like around 8 9 wake up repeat. I
would mainly play from like
5 or 6:00 p.m. until midnight, 1:00 a.m.
Um, I was in Eastern time. Um, I felt
like that's when games were best and
that's where I felt my sharpest. So, I
would wake up, you know, go about my
day, go to the gym, whatever, and then
start playing from there.
&gt;&gt; What was the most challenging period of
the challenge for you? Was there any
moments where it got a little bit tough
or you maybe weren't feeling on top of
your game?
&gt;&gt; My lowest um point in challenge was
definitely when I was leading. So, I was
leading and then I uh was out drinking
with my friends. I think it was Friday
night. Then I completely [ __ ] up my
sleep schedule. So, I went to bed like
4:00 in the morning. Then I [ __ ] up my
sleep sleep schedule. Then I couldn't um
I couldn't sleep the night after. So I
kept playing and that day I think I lost
like 10 by or something maybe even more.
Um so I just like yeah that was
definitely the lowest point because I
just did the exact opposite of what I
been doing the entire challenge and that
just punished me instantly. So that was
uh yeah also also when I was leading the
challenge I got this I started getting
these expectations you know because
before the challenge I had didn't have
any expectations about winning so when I
was leading I was like oh I could
actually win this.
&gt;&gt; How would you reset yourself after that?
So you've got this kind of adrenaline
rush a bit of expectations because
you're in the leads then you have this
night out and can't sleep for a few days
lose 10 time buyins and you got to pick
up the pieces and get back to it back to
normality. So how do you uh pick up your
normal routine h from that moment? just
don't drink coffee, go to the gym, do
sauna, just try to to get back to that.
Just I mean I did realize this is not
working. So um I just have to just try
and do anything just like use a lot of
energy so I could get back to like the
normal sleep schedule again. You know
that is so much you know good quality
sleep just has so much to do with how
you can perform right. Um, there were
moments where Stfan got the best of me.
We had a a very uh interesting dynamic.
I remember that the first day I played
with him, he was playing like three or
four different open sizings and um all
of his strong hands were in the 3.5x.
So, I felt I felt really dialed into his
tendencies. Then there was one hand
where he opened the button to 3 and 1/2x
and my read was so strong that I had
aces in the big blind and just jammed
for 100 BB um and he snap called with
10s. So at that moment I was like wow
I'm I'm really locked in against this
guy. You know I I know exactly what he's
doing. Um, but then as the challenge
went on, he changed things up a bit and
sort of got one step ahead of me in a
few hands, which is why I played a crazy
uh hand against him with ace9 suited
that was in a coin poker video where I
like five bet called off 200 BB against
him with ace9 suited or something crazy.
Um, so yeah, Stefan, he he gave me
troubles at times. two weeks into the
challenge, like I I actually had some
good spots outside of the championship
that I needed to take and I had a really
really big month last month outside of
the the championship. And so it kind of
took away a bit of the drive to keep
grinding and then also I I was feeling
very exhausted from the championship.
Um, I wasn't really doing anything
outside of the championship other than
if I was on a break. I would just be
like watching videos on YouTube or
something. It's not like I was doing
things I enjoy. So, the quality of life
for me during the week and a half, two
weeks I played wasn't great. And so I
think it was a combination of wanting to
prioritize the sports outside of the
championship, feeling drained and like I
wasn't having a good life balance at
that time like my sleep schedule being
really bad. Um yeah, I think these
things combined just made me want to
step away from from the championship.
&gt;&gt; How hard was it to remove yourself and
not go after that leaderboard? I know
you said when you first started it was
more intrigue to play against the
certain players and then as you got into
it I'm sure maybe competition kicked in.
How hard was it to make that decision to
for lifestyle reasons and overall
enjoyment to not push hard for the
leaderboard?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, honestly it was actually very
difficult cuz I I get quite addicted to
these things and so I found myself like
checking the leaderboard even when I
wasn't playing. I was just I'd have the
lobby open and I'd have to be
distracting myself to to not get back in
and play. But um yeah, I struggled with
it definitely.
But I also don't feel like it was
necessarily a mistake. The issue for me
was I kind of said to myself if I I'm
going to, you know, put all this time
into the championship for me it would
only feel worth it if I am playing to
win it or at least top two, top three.
And so, yeah, it did hurt a bit to step
away from that. Definitely kind of took
away like the purpose of the the
championship for me.
&gt;&gt; Do you feel like you're still going to
have won it at that moment? You decide
to step away, you said to make it worth
it, like top one or two, what was going
to be needed from that moment to get to
one of those top two positions? Was it
higher volume? What do you feel like you
would have needed to do?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I didn't feel like higher volume. I
just felt like I'd have to like maintain
the pace I was going. I don't like know
for sure if I would have won it. I feel
like I would have had a good chance
though. I felt like I was pretty
comfortable in the lineups I was
playing. And I actually felt more
comfortable as the championship went on.
Like I just found that my assumptions
were getting more precise, I would say.
So for me, I think it was just like if I
kept going at the pace I was going, I
probably would have landed somewhere
good. I can't say for sure where that
would be. I think I think it would have
been possible that I could have won it
or at least top three it.
&gt;&gt; Are you someone who's a bit of a lone
wolf or did you have a group of friends
doing the challenge or people you were
studying with throughout the event?
&gt;&gt; I would say I'm a lone wolf. I don't
study poker. Uh I used to have a buddy
whom we grew up throughout the poker
like I still have him but he quit uh
playing online poker four years ago. So
we don't study together. Uh yeah. So the
last four years I was on my own
basically.
&gt;&gt; No, completely alone. Wolf. Um I don't
think I mean I was on the stream and we
just talked a little bit on hands but
like in general just um alone. I've been
doing that like with cash. I haven't
really been studying with anything when
I've been playing cash. Most of my poker
friends is MT friends.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I came I came into the
championship alone. Wolf. I did
initially plan on playing it with a
friend of mine. We were going to study
to prepare for the championship and we
just never ended up doing it. he didn't
end up playing either in the
championship.
&gt;&gt; There were like five or six Spanish that
competed in the challenge and two of
them were really close to me. Uh one of
them um is my study partner from the
last probably six months. Uh I met him
in last past December and he went to
live in Estonia this year because I told
him and the other guy was also in
Estonia living here and I met him from
last year. So we basically were um not
studying together that much during the
challenge because some of them will have
different um hours of playing. For
example, they were playing more toward
the night and I will like to play in the
morning because I think my mind was
growing in the morning. But we were
sharing some showdowns, sharing some uh
thoughts about any opponents or some
hands. We have like WhatsApp group or
whatever. But we did not uh study that
much during the challenge because
we didn't have too much time. Like if I
had to review my hands and play six
hours and then study, I would just um
kill myself. It was really really hard.
the guys who I talk strategy with,
they're much better cash players than
me. So, you know, anytime I'm trying to
get better at at something, I want to go
to people who are at a much higher level
than me. So, I was super fortunate to
get their input um you know, from guys
who are playing ACR, 3K, 5K regularly.
So, yeah, that was huge.
&gt;&gt; How do you personally handle making
mistakes during a challenge like this?
Did they throw you off? Are you someone
who can reset from those quickly? Yeah,
like I definitely made some puns. Like
that's for sure because I was trying to
take I was trying to take lines that I
just knew would kind of getting out
there a lot and then when it goes wrong
it it feels a lot worse than if you're
just playing a safe strategy where you
know like you might find a bluff which
is like it's kind of like theory fine
but it might not be good against this
guy but since it's theory fine you just
feel okay about it. Whereas if you
actually try and take a strong deviation
and it's wrong, it feels pretty horrible
because it Yeah, it's just a pun, right?
Um for me, I I guess one aspect of it
was
if I did do something like this and it
gets shown, it feels okay if I can kind
of manipulate that to claw back some EV
in a similar spot later on. Other than
that, like I would say I if I genuinely
felt like I made a a big blunder, a big
mistake, the only thing I could really
do is just think about where my
assumptions went wrong or if they even
were wrong in the hand and like think
about how I could avoid doing the same
thing next time or like avoid taking the
the path that led me to making that
mistake the next time around. Well, if
it's just one off, um, you know, or a
few small mistakes, I'm able to kind of
flush it pretty quickly and not really
ruminate on it. But, you know, if I'm
making several really big mistakes, um,
you know, in a short period of time,
sometimes I'll just end my session
because, you know, it regardless of how
hard I try to compartmentalize, I feel
like it's best to just, you know, wait
till the next day to play and and play a
game rather than, you know, trying to
fight it so hard and risk just playing C
or D game um for no reason. Well, of
course, everyone gets like kind of
tilted a little bit in the middle of the
session if you make like a mistake, but
because I played too much hands, like I
think at the end of the day, it wasn't
affecting me that much. But I had to
confess like that making a mistake in
the challenge where was uh like a big
punch to me because it it wasn't only
the mistake but also I knew that I was
going down in the leaderboard and it was
kind of like I was being really results
oriented every day like uh okay because
I not only made a mistake but also now
I'm far from what was of 45 that was
winning. So it was really hard to me to
know if this was a mistake or not h to
distinguish the reality from the one
that I created on my mind that I have to
win every day in order to become the the
winner of the challenge. So yeah, I
think um I was kind of dealing not
really well with mistakes uh than I do
normally in a normal session because I
know it was
for every mistake that I made h the goal
of becoming the winner was farther. So
yeah, I think it was kind of tough to
lose and I think mentally was probably
one of the
most important things I should have done
better like not punishing myself for
just uh losing and just focusing on the
on the strategy that I had to do and
that I know that I can do better. But of
course, yeah, we were also um talking
with our friends. How how did you do
yesterday? Did you won? And to be
honest, it doesn't matter. Like you can
be playing really good and lose and you
can be playing bad and won't fight by
ins. But I was being so result oriented.
And that's why I think um my mistakes
were I was suffering with my mistakes
more than I should. Yeah, I felt
embarrassed embarrassed quite a few
times during the challenge with my
place. Like sometimes it's just because
uh like when you play 12 tables uh and
it's like fifth hour of the session and
you have like two big decisions and uh
you just click something and then
realized
but like it's whatever just keep
greening and also like uh um I learned
to treat those like plants like an
investment in the image.
So, okay, like I did this stupid thing.
Now, like uh the more people see this,
the more people like think that I'm like
a bad rag or stupid or something like
this with like this, which is like
would pay.
&gt;&gt; So, for you, what do you feel like was
the biggest contributor to your success
in in the challenge overall? There's a
lot of factors we've talked about, but
if you could pinpoint the biggest ones,
what do you feel like they are? When I'm
playing my best, I'm very interested in
the the hand. When I make a decision,
like my mind instantly goes to is it
better to dong? Is better to check, is
better to to check race here. Like when
I'm I also pilot, it's more like just uh
he bets like I'm just always thinking,
okay, I call and then I'm thinking on a
turn way on the FL. I wasn't even
thinking about check racing. Why why
were I not even thinking about check
racing? So, and I'm also like when I'm
playing great, I'm I'm screenshotting
and tagging way more hands that I play
because I'm way more interesting
interested in in the hands. So, I know
if I have a session, I haven't
screenshot any hands, it's because I
haven't been playing my best, right?
Because I haven't really been interested
in the hands.
&gt;&gt; I guess I've always never really had a
fear of of doing something stupid in
poker. Like, you know, some people are
are restrained by like what if this
isn't a thing or what if that's not a
thing. like always I've been unchained
by that. So I think that's helpful
because um you can trust your gut a lot
more in spots and just you know fold
your whole range or call your whole
range and bluff your whole range and not
really worry too much about you know
looking stupid or being exploited or
whatever. And I think that's when I've
played my best is when when I'm in that
sort of mindset. The biggest
contributing factor yet probably just my
adaptability I would say just being able
to
being willing to take adjustments that I
think have a lot a big payoff that other
people weren't finding. I think this is
just where my biggest hedge was. First
is uh belief and motivation. Second is
routine. Third is uh ability to maintain
focus and uh attention.
And uh on the last is my poker skills.
&gt;&gt; So for you, how did the leaderboard
affect your mindset throughout the
challenge? Did it have a positive
effect? Was there any times where the
leadup boards was a negative impact?
Maybe checking it too much, especially
when you got to the to the top.
&gt;&gt; I think the leaderboard was definitely a
net positive for me. Um because you know
even when you know I started down the
first couple of days being down like 6
7k
and when then I got to like 10k it was
kind of like a like I really like my BB
100 was like in crazy high at that point
right and I was like oh the first couple
of days I feel like didn't count it for
me because I haven't studied now I'm
studying and now I'm really paying
attention and I'm like crushing up and I
just see like I just keep doing this and
it just goes goes goes But I feel like
if there was no leather board, I might
have been not as encouraged to like keep
doing the same thing. So the lead boat
was uh great great for me.
&gt;&gt; Uh definitely not positive. I I've
always been super competitive, so having
a leaderboard to check every day was was
a huge motivator. Um for me in MTTS, uh
there used to be like a pocket fives
ranking um for MTT players. I think it
ended in 2024 or something, but that was
like a giant motivator for me and and
finally getting to number one on that
was like such a huge achievement. It it
really it really motivated me every day
to just keep grinding, keep keep trying
to improve cuz it's something tangible
you can look at. Overall, it's a
negative impact because uh every morning
uh when I woke up and uh sometimes I
started off by checking leaderboard,
checking Discord and it's just bad for
your mind that uh it's a distraction and
that in like first two weeks at least
maybe on 3 weeks like two and a half
it's not really relevant. you can't gain
anything from it. So, it's just a
distraction from from your brain which
uh uh which ruins your focus a little
bit, I would say. But uh later on it's
uh need to need to pay attention to it
because um I was in a position where I
where I happened to have a huge lead and
uh at some point I needed to decide if I
should play more or not. And um I
decided because the lead was huge I
decided to take a day or two off and see
what happens. And um during those day
days I was just uh railing the games and
um I was quite uh surprised that uh
people didn't push it like they did the
same thing they basically did every
other day. They played their normal they
didn't increase the volume. they didn't
uh increase the amount of tables because
like if you are going for a first place,
you kind of have to take a chance and uh
like for example sometimes they some
guys they we've been playing five tables
but uh it would be hard to catch up on
those amounts so they just I think they
needed to take some risks and uh I
didn't see anyone doing it. So I was
quite whatever I will keep looking. But
uh at some point um
uh when was director was catching up I
was railing a session and uh I saw like
he was he was on a crazy like uh
upswing. So I decided uh to jump in and
and to play and to increase my
basically like make a stop win of for
buyins and then reassess.
So I did this at some point but overall
this experience of u not playing in the
last week uh really sucked and I didn't
enjoy it at all. Now I would rather just
keep uh playing and uh whatever because
uh in the end like I realized like uh it
doesn't really matter if you take the
first place if you are happy with uh the
amount of work and effort you put into
it. So but like wouldn't lie I still
wanted to win the trophy badly. though.
Also, I thought that it's on the others
guys side to push me to play like they
have to catch up and uh they basically
like didn't put a necessary amount of
work for it. So, I decided to whatever.
&gt;&gt; I I say it's a double-edged sword. I
think it was necessary to make the
championship what it was. I feel like
without it, it wouldn't have really been
the competitive, you know, environment
that that was made through the
leaderboard. So, I would say that it was
a net positive. The only real drawbacks
were, I guess, constantly wondering
where I was going to land on the
leaderboard the next day, maybe, or
putting in too many hours, let's say,
and overexerting myself, just chasing
the leaderboard spots. But, I'd say it
was overall a good thing. Definitely. Do
you think it made you more
resultoriented? is that for example that
was a problem that I had especially when
I started to move up the leaderboard
like in the beginning I wasn't really
paying too much attention to it also
because I started straight away down I
was like okay it wasn't really something
that was my mind but then at some point
you know I started to gain some heat I
went on like a 30 40 buy an upswing and
I was like oh wait now I'm actually
quite high in the leaderboard so then I
actually started caring and and started
to notice that I started to play way
more resultoriented like playing to to
win like I was very very focused on okay
I need to win instead of just, you know,
enjoying the process, letting it flow,
focus on focus on the strategy.
&gt;&gt; I mean, for me personally,
I'm pretty sure that Coin Poker support
hates me because I was messaging them
every like 20 minutes for my hands so I
could import them and check. I've always
been a very resourceoriented player to
be honest. I always have been and I
understand the drawbacks of that. like
you kind of hinted at maybe fighting for
parts where you shouldn't, let's say, or
over adjusting in spots where it's
actually not the right thing to do, but
I I personally don't really view being
resource oriented as that bad of a
thing. I actually think it's fine.
&gt;&gt; So, it doesn't influence your strategy
in a negative way because, for example,
I would actually have the opposite. I
would just be less curious. I would just
I would just want to flop a set and try
to and and get a stack. That's that
that's basically what then starts to
happen. I stop becoming less curious. I
start to fight less for pots. I just
want to get a good hand and make money.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Yeah. I guess my um
experience with it was kind of different
in the sense of I I think for me being
resource oriented was just like a a very
quick feedback loop that can often be
inaccurate because there's so much
variance which is obviously the
downside. But I feel like it also opens
up options for me at least to to maybe
find adjustments quicker than I
otherwise would if I just like followed
the process that I came in beforehand
with. If you want to focus more while
playing, let me tell you guys about
Brain FM. This is actually something I
stumbled on prior to the World
Championship and it's been what I've
been listening to for hours and hours
straight while playing. It's music
specifically designed to help you focus.
Personally, I have ADHD. They have a
special function where they play sound
that interacts very well with your brain
waves, helping you to focus. And it's
been something that I've been listening
to and using for doing work or playing
poker. And it has definitely changed my
focus and helped my game. So, I wanted
to inform you guys on this opportunity.
link down below, one free month trial
and uh yeah, let me know how you like
it.
&gt;&gt; Actually, um a guy like a reg Nimrod, he
sent me a YouTube video of um some
it's called like free 3pm study with me
where it's like rain sounds and thing
and he said he got it from you. I've
been doing it a lot ever since and it
has helped a lot uh for me as well. Um,
it really can get you get you in the
zone. And also this thing like I put it
on and I just know for the next 3 hours
I'm I'm locked in like I know now and
that's like 3 hours is kind of like a
nice time you know where you just know
like now it's it's time to go.
&gt;&gt; So what were the final days of the
challenge like for you? Were you
fighting for a top spot? Were you
chasing or just grinding it out at the
end? And how did this influence your
approach? Yeah, the the the last week I
I think I was um I was pretty far
behind. So I was already sort of like
thinking, okay, I'm not I can't win
this. And I was also going on vacation
with my girlfriend. So um the last week
I wasn't playing that much. Um I was
playing a little bit um still just
because you know for the sake of the the
challenge it has been a lot of fun. So I
was playing a little bit from vacation
only like a couple of hours per day.
Well, I think it was on
the last day of the week three,
something like that, that I was top
three, top two, and I had this really
good session where I felt I haven't the
leaderboard hasn't been up yet updated
yet, but I thought I was the third. I
was first and I think I didn't manage
that really well. I was feeling a lot of
pressure, which it was like something
new for me. I the last s the the next
session I play I play horrible. I try to
win every pot. I put a lot of variance
in my game and I wasn't knowing what
why. So
yeah, I think uh I didn't manage well my
mental
state uh because I felt the pressure.
Okay, maybe I can win. Uh because during
the challenge I was always far beyond
the the first one in the challenge but I
think it was between the second and
third week which I managed to uh win a
lot of EB and and there was one session
I think I won 15 by on EB and then in
next session I lost 20 because I was
completely out of control. I think I
didn't manage to just
also I think that day I want to rest. I
I felt I my my body was so tired and I
remember my friends told me okay let's
go out for some dinner and then I saw
the tables I thought they were like good
and I end up playing and and yeah I had
this remember I don't know how many bins
I lost but yeah really wor of the
challenge so I felt really bad of myself
like what I'm doing um and then in the
four week Um,
I also
was trying to win which was basically
really really hard because W of flow had
a difference between the rest of like 20
by or more. He was running really hot
and was doing pretty well. Also, he
wasn't playing for the last four days.
So yeah, I try to play in a completely
different way that I'm used to trying to
just stack me off lighter to try to make
something crazy happen like uh try to
force the spot and then I finish up
wearing really bad like it went the
opposite like I I saw by
putting more variance in the game I had
the opportunity to win more and maybe
fight for the uh uh tough well to be the
the first one, but then I ended up
losing a lot and then as Adam said in
the day 27 or 28, I just quit the
challenge because I was so so so
exhausted and also mentally block like
uh because I was feeling really bad when
I was playing bad like
it was this kind of thinking you have on
yourself when you make a mistake and you
said what I'm doing like I I I or maybe
they just didn't call me but why I'm
blasting this or this kind of thinking.
So yeah, I think I was being
very assert oriented also.
&gt;&gt; If you look at the at the feud, what
were some common mistakes you see
players make and what do you think
separated the better racks from the
medium and weaker racks? Well, I I think
the biggest general leaks are sort of
the same human leaks you'll see in any
game of poker where, you know, checking
ranges aren't as protected as they
should be. Um,
uh, ranges that are or betting ranges in
smaller sizes are not as protected as
they should be. Uh, flatting ranges pre
flop aren't as protected. So, just sort
of the same general leaks you'll see
anywhere.
um these guys weren't uh you know that
consistent with their timings in a lot
of spots I thought which is something
that I've I've been trying to pay a lot
closer attention to recently but yeah I
think overall
you know post flop the cash guys are
much sharper than MTT guys in my opinion
and in you know 100 BB at least
&gt;&gt; actually I find this question quite
difficult to answer for some reason I
felt like the best strikes were just
okay I I know the people that I didn't
like playing against it felt like they
were able to play in a way where it's
like I I didn't have much room to fight
back against them.
Maybe they were just like playing solid
finding the the raises in spots where
you really don't want to face a raise.
Maybe it was just um you know for
betting me a lot like finding nice river
bluffs and then it's I have to find some
uncomfortable calls against them. I
think these guys were the ones that I
least enjoyed playing against or I
struggled the most against. And so I I
guess in the opposite of that would just
be the guys that I didn't really feel
like were pulling me in uncomfortable
spots or
you just have an assumption where it's
hard to find bluffs for them in this
spot and indeed they weren't finding
bluffs in these spots. So you don't even
have to have a difficult decision in a
lot of areas. and they just let you get
away with playing your own strategy
without actually
doing things to make it hard for you to
fight back against. I would say these
are the things that made
for me at least people easier to play
against and then yeah harder to play
against as well.
&gt;&gt; Well, the last question I have no clue
because I'm not a high tech rusher and I
I don't know how they play. I I still
feel sorry that in some particular spots
I just don't know what to do and I think
really good players or highstake rushers
won't have this kind of problem because
they have more experience or because
they just have studied that good players
have a structure in the game and they
have a plan when they play. So it start
by the pre-flop plan but also when
they're playing on the flop in any
street they know what we'll do in a
specific turn in a specific river
because or either they have already
studied that or they are thinking about
okay if the turn brings a flash draw I
will play this size and I will play this
range. players that don't think this way
that they lose the all the time back
because they have to think in game about
this strategy because they either
haven't studied or they are not quite
sure will have more problems.
&gt;&gt; I guess like one mistake it's like you
can go 2x pot and you often get called
more than if you go B66 or something. So
like giving that so I feel like the
midstakes guys in certain areas are just
going to be more humans
and the the high stakes guys just you
just cannot take the piss of them. They
will just you know and they will just
also in general just be more accurate
and just [ __ ] you up more because you're
doing stuff yourself wrong. So I guess
like the the difference is just they
will take advantages of when they see
your mistakes and the the weaker guys
will just be sort of like playing their
own game and and sort of being more
human.
&gt;&gt; I think in the questionnaire you also
mentioned something about the fact that
people kind of pick sizings for their
hands.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Um yeah that that
yeah the custom sizing thing is like um
if if I would really trust my intuition
a lot. It was like you can almost like
predict like you can say like oh there's
three hands that go this sizing and then
there's you know a bunch of other hands
that go this sizing. So it could be just
like from like the four bit sizing
sometimes, right? And like maybe like a
little bit different sizing and it can
be like the the C bit sizing and
sometimes they will be seating 20%.
Sometimes they will be seating 33%. And
you know it's just like you I I don't
always just like fully try to like go
crazy but it's like I can say when we
get to show oh he picked this and he did
that. So now I kind of like know he has
exactly that. Sometimes you can't do
anything about it because they won't
fold. But it's like that can actually be
the most frustrating thing. Like you
know exactly what they have but they
can't fold. So it's like you can't do
anything. You have to fold anyway.
&gt;&gt; Now that the challenge is over and
you're back to your regular grind. How
different was playing the challenge
compared to your normal grind and what
do you miss the most about it?
&gt;&gt; Well in the first days of July I just
took like few days off. I was like
completely exhausted. But yeah it was
kind of tough at the beginning. I was
if I said before when I start the
challenge I have this previously mental
uh thoughts of my
experience in my previous game when I
start playing back again my current
games. Now I had this thoughts on my
mind of the challenge. So yeah there are
bluffs here and so I have to try to make
also the readaptation to my regular
tables. Uh so I think at the first days
I made a lot of mistakes because of
that. Yeah. Also not seeing the
showdowns is quite different. You were
winning a lot of information from that
and now I don't have that information.
So it it was tough but of course I know
the opponents I play every day. So I can
also have uh extra information just
about their data or the statistics.
&gt;&gt; I missed that. Uh, I I missed the no
rake. That's the biggest thing for sure.
I immediately went back to GG and paid
like $40,000 in rake in a month. That
was fun. Shout out to GG Poker, I guess.
Um, yeah, the no rake was definitely the
the best thing about the challenge. And
then after that, the thing I miss as
well is the the being forced to show
your hand non showdown. I definitely
miss those two things a lot. If I could
choose, I would just always
play in an environment where you have to
show your hand on Showdown. I think it's
more fun and I I just think I mean to be
fair, it does benefit me more. I guess
that's probably why I want it as well.
Yeah, it's kind of annoying going back
to playing um in games where you do have
to make pre flop considerations because
of rake. And then also like if you have
a feeling if I had a feeling about a
spa, I don't get that immediate
confirmation that I did get during the
championship.
&gt;&gt; If the event started again, what would
you do uh differently?
&gt;&gt; Okay, I won't pass it to B next week. Um
I will need I think at least one month
more for taking a rest. But yeah, I take
a little bit of rest during the mig.
Take it more as something that I have to
feel happy about it, not as a job. So
it's like a challenge. You have to of
course work hard but I have to enjoy. So
I think I will just put like a goal of
myself to if I'm not enjoying playing I
will just quit and maybe get some drinks
with some friends because life is al is
not only about poker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I would change uh my morning
routine and uh eliminate the phone and
uh check in Discord because like once
you check leaderboard, Discord, it leads
to checking some other social media
stuff and like I could just play maybe
like 40 minutes more or something and I
be more focused during this time. I
would eliminate those completely.
&gt;&gt; Um probably studying more before the
challenge. So, I'll come in sharp. Um,
but other than that, probably just like
sort of like do what I did most of the
challenge. Just play low table count.
Try to try to um yeah, focus on every
hand and try to perform as best as
possible. For me, I cannot perform if I
play bunch of tables. Even though I do
it sometimes, I cannot perform at like
complete a game. And in this challenge,
I feel like if you want to to win, you
just have to sort of like play like your
your game to win.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Also, I feel like if I
looked at the winner, for example, was a
flop, one thing that I think he did very
well when we asked him this, he just
said basically he was already starting
like two weeks before and he was like,
I'm going to win this challenge. Like
straight away from the beginning, you
know, that high belief and just he made
a plan. He said it the whole day, okay,
so how am I going to approach this? You
know, we was very deliberate. Whereas
you and me, we kind of, you know, in the
first in the first week, we we jumped
into it a little bit and then like,
well, you know, why not give this a
shot? But then you're already kind of
one week behind, right? Compared to, for
example, someone like one was a flop who
kind of already planned it out, who
already kind of envisioned it and
already kind of knew, okay, I was going
to I'm going to win. This is what I'm
going to do dayto-day. He said that he
approached it like fighter camp. He
said, I have 30 days. It's fight camp.
You know, this is my this is my schedule
and I'm going to do it every day. And
that's what he did every day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of funny because when he
was I think he was like top six or top
seven maybe. I remember telling my
friends I think this guy he's going to
be like the guys I'm getting trouble
with. Like he he's going to win
probably. Like I said that when he was
like I just had this like sort of
feeling like he was playing so much and
he was playing well and he was the guy
capable of like you couldn't really like
figure him out. So I was just thinking
like there's like this guy I'm going to
be like having trouble with. Also, I
found out he was Russian and I
definitely changed something for me. I
thought he was Sweebies in the beginning
and when I found out he was Russian, I
just for some reason because they have
some different crazy mentality, I was
just like, "Yeah, this guy I'm I'm going
to get troubles with."
&gt;&gt; Well, if I were seriously trying to win,
I would want to put in a few weeks of
dedicated study just for cash ahead of
time. um just to sharpen up
theoretically and yeah, just play the
whole challenge instead of just half or
or 2/3 or whatever I played. So yeah,
those would be the two biggest. I think
I just have more confidence in my own
approach and not like cuz at the start I
was definitely doubting like I had a lot
of doubts about how how I was playing
sports. Now, I guess I would just play
with a bit more confidence. And as an
added thing, I think that I would pay
more attention to trying to kind of
manipulate people's image of me, but
more uh consciously and strategically. I
think that would be quite an interesting
thing to do and just try and create
exploits through that.
&gt;&gt; Closing it off on a more personal note,
what did this challenge teach you about
yourself? It taught me that that uh I
guess in in cash I can still compete at
a decently high level. Um like I said, I
don't rate myself that highly as a cash
player, but I think like if there were
another midstakes challenge that with
some study, I could compete for first
potentially. And um my my background as
an MT player doesn't necessarily limit
me from learning or improving at other
formats.
&gt;&gt; I think I made a lot of mistakes during
the challenge. uh not only theoretical
mistakes uh that I learn but also I
think I know myself better um because I
know where are my limits uh what
what things will lead me to a mistake in
a um what what states of mind that I
have in playing can be bad for me and
that can lead to playing bad. So yeah, I
think um I not only improve as a player
but also I would say as a person or as a
professional poker player in an
mental way. I think my mental game has
improved a lot. So I think that's what
this challenge touched me because being
so result oriented is really hard. So
yeah, having the opportunity to compete
any to really good players,
but also to be able to enjoy the
competition is something that I didn't
do in the challenge, but that I think
now I can do because I know how I'm
going to react to a bad day or to a bad
uh bad session because I just run bad or
I made some mistakes. I think now I'm
dealing better towards uh bad sessions
or towards bad results when my play
probably is almost the same every day.
&gt;&gt; That if I really want something, I can
do it. Uh and I'm not uh kept
as I thought I was. Um but it's not
because like I won this. It's it plays a
role of course, but uh it's uh I was
kind of reflecting on it a lot like
during the last week like when I was
just railing the games that like I'm
actually just happy that I did a good
job because usually I kind of blame
myself that I'm lazy not hard worker. Um
I actually I think uh throughout my
whole career uh the maximum hours I put
into poker maybe 150 at max and on
average it's 100 120 hours and during
the challenge
I played 180 hours during first three
weeks. first week I didn't play and it's
and
also was reviewing the hand so it was
close like 200 hours in three weeks so I
can definitely do it if I want to but it
depends u like what you want it's kind
of tough question what you really want
what you think you want to want to want
you know
&gt;&gt; yeah I don't like rack battling I guess
&gt;&gt; what makes recreational is more fun to
play against.
&gt;&gt; It's having decisions where
everything you do is probably good and
then if you do find an exploit is
winning exponentially more than an
exploit against a regular.
&gt;&gt; So you would say sort of the return of
investment in in this case it's
investment is the effort that you put
in. You feel like you feel like you get
a deserved a deserved nice good return
of of the brain power that you put in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's just like the times
that I have spent studying spots, I put
in so many hours and then it's like it's
it's hard to even notice the return on
investment for the time spent studying.
Whereas you can like look at one thing
against a recreational and just
immediately see you're winning more in
these sports and it's a big amount more
that you're winning.
&gt;&gt; Um, probably just that I really need to
perform when I'm playing and that's like
very important. It's it's very easy to
just sit yourself down and say if I play
a million hands and just play this many
tables per day, I will just make this
amount of money. But it just doesn't
really work like that because we are not
robots. We actually humans that have to
perform when playing because otherwise
we will not be making the amount we
think we we will make. Um so yeah, just
like really try to
focus on performing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'm not kidding when I say I I
think I had like 451 when saw flop. My
red line was in China. Like things were
not looking good for me.
&gt;&gt; Last year when I first shot 1k, I think
it was the most
difficult period of time.
&gt;&gt; I had to move down the stakes and uh I
couldn't climb back.
&gt;&gt; It was crazy. Like I I think I was
playing and studying 80 to 100 hours a
week. It was crazy. I was doing nothing
else. I've made four WSOP final two
tables and never made a final table. And
so like my whole live poker career has
really come down to like four or five
hands.