Kind: captions
Language: en
We have gathered five of the top
competitors in the midst world
championship. In part one, they shared
how they prepared and performed under
pressure. In part two, they opened up
about their struggles, setbacks, and
what it took to get them there. Now, in
part three, we focus on what actually
moves the needle.
&gt;&gt; I think there's a misconception on how
much variance there is in live poker
cash games. I think people underestimate
that so much.
&gt;&gt; I know. I understand the variance and I
know that it doesn't matter what you do
in a day. good advice because I feel
like a lot of poker players really need
that.
&gt;&gt; It really made my life more enjoyable.
&gt;&gt; Strategy, study habits, common leaks,
and the breakthrough that took their
game to the next level.
&gt;&gt; I have just been way too much of a
calling station. I think it comes from
projection.
&gt;&gt; And he's probably just playing the spot
way better because the EV difference
between B50, B75, or whatever is just,
you know, nothing, right? And you need
to be able to do at least eight of a 10
in every spots to be a winner.
&gt;&gt; In my mind, there is no difference
between GTO play and exploitative play
because uh
reflecting on uh how you got to this
point strategically. What has been one
of the biggest strategical breakthrough
moments in your career and what changed
after that? I guess like when I figure
out that if you have a bluff catcher on
the river and they under bluff by 1% you
can just fold your bluff catcher. I I
remember that as being like wow like I I
haven't thought about it that way and
that kind of like made poker
way more simple for me because I feel
like you get you go through this journey
where in the beginning where you're like
complete recreational poker is in some
sense feels kind of simple. It's like
you just, you know, you think he bluffs,
you think he have it, like you just
click fold, you click click all, like
you have this hand, and then you go
through this phase where you're thinking
about your range and like all these like
things, you know, and like, oh, does he
does this, does that, and do you have do
I have to defend and do I have to call
here 20% of time blah blah blah and then
you go through this like you go back to
the thing where just like it becomes a
little bit simple again. I think my
biggest poker insight is uh
that in poker you are free to do
whatever you want. You can build GTA
strategy with any like with any size. Uh
so I mean some strategies are
better or worse in terms of EV but uh if
you know how to gain that difference and
usually like with people
it's uh not like playing with machine
who knows your strategy you kind of
gaining much more EV and also I think uh
not to be
rigid
in a certain
that you have to play like spots in a
certain way. Um, I enjoy like to be
to be creative and uh I can play the
spot uh the same spot uh differently on
different days like for example like
today I feel like I want to play polar
strategies. I can place polar or like I
feel otherwise like you can do whatever
as long as you
as long as you have an idea
uh how the mechanics of the game tree
work and uh what what uh possible
reactions you can face. But I usually
I'm not like I I I don't rational
analyze them too much. I always been
like a feel kind of player.
So it's into my intuition trying to
attempt to intuition more. In my mind
there is no difference between a GTO
play and exploitative play because uh
exploit is a GTO with no lock. So, it's
kind of the same thing. You wouldn't
want to play GTO for the sake of playing
like a nice looking strategy. If you can
quickly
lock some assumptions in your brain,
that would be the GTA to play.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, by far the biggest strategical
breakthrough for me was when I started
looking into
population tendencies.
I think that is also for me that that
was the biggest breakthrough because I
did study theory beforehand. I think if
I had started by looking at population
tendencies, the biggest breakthrough
fruit for me would have then been
studying theory later on because I
really do feel like
the aha moment was being able to and I
used both of those things to
to develop my own strategy. And I to be
honest, I feel like if somebody is like
a very theoretical player, someone is
very exploitative, I typically think
they are not as well-rounded and they're
kind of not as successful on average
than the people that are aware of both
of these things.
&gt;&gt; Why are they on itself standalone not
enough? What's what's lacking? I think
the theory isn't enough because it's a
defensive strategy and it's just like if
you just play a defensive strategy then
you're going to be leaving money on the
table in a lot of spots and it's when
you're already paying rake it's
difficult to really win a lot if you're
just not going for for interesting lines
or like aggressive lines.
Um, I think in terms of population
tendencies, it's not enough to just
understand that because you're going to
make I I do think that you'll end up
making like sizing mistakes where
it's almost like purely exploitative.
They like they have um
tendencies that are really obvious and
very bad. like they might just take a
sizing
that their bluffs want to take or they
might just take sizings that just their
bluffs want to take. Maybe they're they
end up in a spot where they don't know
what the data says for this and they
don't know what the theory response is
and so they're just lost because they've
never actually studied the spot. And so
I think even if they do pick up Eevee in
areas where like yeah, people are
messing up here, if they're still going
to have so many holes in their own game,
they cost them a lot by not being aware
of where they are. And so I think they
kind of end up in a spot where yes,
they're winning in some spots, but
they're losing in too many. And I
actually think Fury is the same thing.
Conversely,
&gt;&gt; from from the questioner, it seemed like
another big breakthrough. I guess we
could call it a breakthrough or maybe
maybe element of luck. You mentioned
that you were pretty quickly surrounded
by the right people who approach poker
as a way to make money and not as a way
to have fun. And you said that one of
you know big mistakes as players make is
they play for fun and not for money.
Could you maybe elaborate on that? When
did you when that mindset shift and was
that you think also a big sort of
breakthrough or aha moment in the way
you approached the game?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So like first I'll just say what I
mean by fun. I think that some people
um pursue poker and they kind of think
of it in a way of like oh I want to play
chess. I want to play this like I enjoy
chess because it's about how good I can
be compared to the other person. And the
fun aspect is kind of like an indulgence
of not even like caring really about how
much money they make. Just playing to
try and feel like they're playing sports
well. It's like yes, this is like I
understand that aspect of it definitely,
but then I think it's entirely
neglecting the entire purpose of being
at the table or at least in my opinion
because if you did just like this then
go like yeah okay you can play chess
maybe I guess poker is better because
incomplete information but still I think
the point remains that if you're just
going to play and not care about
winnings it's kind of an immature way to
approach the profession cuz you are
there to make money It's not guaranteed
how much you can make longterm. Like for
example, I couldn't go to 100 today and
get uh 100% rake back. It doesn't exist.
And I'm glad that I maximized my hourly
when it was there because, you know, I
was able to build a role to then play
higher stakes and whatnot. And I think
people pass up on these opportunities
and just instead prioritize like playing
Zoom because it feels fun and for no
other reason than oh I get these
interesting spots against regs instead
of prioritizing okay if I actually just
play good spots and I play good volume
then I can still like have fun in these
elements of the game but I'm also able
to move up in stakes and play against
even better people who can put me in
tougher spots if if I enjoy that but
also get to make more money and actually
get some financial security longterm
which is not promised in poker.
&gt;&gt; Was the cash game world championship for
fun or for money?
&gt;&gt; For me it was for fun. Like I for me it
was not for money but I will say with
the caveat that like I've passed what
was what were my financial goals for
myself at least like in in this year and
so I kind of allowed myself to just you
know if I don't make any money I don't
really care at this point. So, like
since I'm kind of taking a step back now
from running as as much as I was at the
start of this year and definitely last
year, I don't mind doing these things.
But, um, I mean, if I was trying to play
like 2KL for a living, I don't really
think it would be a good decision
necessarily to take a month and play 500
and all against regulars and no fish.
&gt;&gt; I do I do get what you mean. I feel like
I've heard both sides work, right?
There's some people who really just love
the game and they and with with this
competitiveness and that's how they kind
of rose to the top and making good money
was kind of a consequence of that.
Obviously, you know, there should be
some professionalism around it. I
remember actually the first time I kind
of heard kind of a similar approach to
you was when we had Benab beat on where
he said, "No, I purely use poker. I I
enjoy poker in itself, but I use it to
facilitate the things that I actually
like to do in my life, right? It gives
me the financial freedom to do to do
other things, and that's more where he
gets the satisfaction from. Whereas
these other guys, they might just get
all their satisfaction out of poker,
right? And if you're trying to get that
all out of poker because you have, I
don't want to say necessarily nothing
around that, but then I guess you have
to kind of sprinkle in more fun because
you get all your satisfaction out of
your poker career. So I think you have
kind of have to find uh the balance for
yourself. I'm sure there can be some
people listening now that might say,
"Oh, if I only do it for that, I would
never I would never make it for this
long." Right? They need they need their
few. So I think I think that it's quite
personal. What's your thoughts here,
Adam?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's changes as you
progress. I think often most of us get
into book just for the money and that's
a fine thing. It's a starting point of
of life and then as you progress maybe
you achieve goals and then you decide do
you want to keep pushing to achieve more
and more stuff or do you want to use it
as a a kind of a lifestyle aid to live
the life you want and also to create
opportunities and create amazing
financial opportunities. You can become
your own boss by being a poker player.
And then as you evolve as a person and
mature, you might go actually I see
other things in my life which are maybe
more important than poker or equally
important and I don't want to sacrifice
those so I can do more poker and I want
to have it on the side. So yeah, it's
definitely a very personal pursuit. I
think most players will go through
phases where poker is the only thing and
then maybe some more balance where it's
like a partial thing or less intense. Um
but yeah, I think it's just being very
um being flexible with what poker
provides. That's the the beauty of it.
Like you're your own boss. You scale up
your hours, your efforts, your
dedication or scale down based on what
you want. And if you've created a good
financial situation, you don't have that
pressure. You're in a great situation
because now you can follow interest,
follow passions, create a life that you
really enjoy and poking can still be a
really really good part of that.
&gt;&gt; But as you said that most that did you
think most players get into poker
because the money for for me personally,
it wasn't necessarily like that. I just
got into poker because I thought it was
fun and I kind of had to mature in a way
that I had to take the money aspect more
seriously. Luckily, I also had someone
who definitely took that way more
serious. I kind of had mixed people
around me, right? Uh surprise surprise,
the guy that took the money aspect more
serious, he's he's the richest of them
all. So, uh if if that's the if that's
the path you want to go, if that's very
important to you, then obviously go down
that path. So, I had a little bit of mix
and everything. I feel like throughout
my career I feel like I had a good mix
of both I'd say. So yeah, I think find
find it very interesting. Anything you
would like to add to that, Cherry,
before we go on to the next topic or
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess the other thing I would
add to it is just that I think that what
I as I was moving up in stakes, I
noticed there were some people like that
I thought were very good poker players,
let's say, and they were they had good
win rates, but their preferred way of
playing was just like four tableabling
rig tables for 3 hours a day and then
calling it quits. and they were doing
this at like 200 NL or 100 NL and then
by the end of the year like even if they
had double my win rate since they were
playing such little volume. It's like
they kind of run into this issue where
they didn't have a bank roll to move up,
they're still paying expenses. Yes, they
had fun, but it's like I feel like it
really inhibits uh growth in in poker.
And I think like for every guy that's at
high stakes now because he just rag
battled and crushed people, there's
probably like 30 guys that are stuck in
100 Zoom or 100 Russian cash, whatever
that are still not able to, you know,
move up in stakes.
&gt;&gt; Um, so the the biggest breakthrough
strategically for me was playing on
Ignition um back in 2022 2021
because it's an anonymous player pool.
So, you know, no one has a screen name.
And so, what that means is that people
can't counter exploit you really. I
mean, they can they can within that one
session, but you come back the next day
and they don't know who you are. Um,
compared to other sites where they can
have a HUD or just remember your screen
name or have hands on you, whatever. Um,
so on ignition I was able to play a
super exploitative red line style where
I was just sort of blasting all the
spots that that no one else in the pool
was blasting and people were folding and
if they had uh if it weren't anonymous
they could counter adjust but it's an
anonymous pool so it was very hard for
people to counter adjust. Um, so that's
where I developed like my sort of red
line style with ignition.
&gt;&gt; You mentioned uh that during the
challenge you you mainly studying by
sending hands to other guys who you
consider to be better cash players. You
mentioned guys you know that play up to
like 2k, 3k, 5k on ACR cash. What is
some insight? You mentioned you gain a
lot of insights. Do you maybe have like
an insight that stood out to you like,
"Oh, that's actually very interesting
and something that you took from that
going forward in the challenge."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, one of my friends
has always advocated for like one sizing
flops and turns. Um, which is something
I've tried to incorporate more in my
game over the last year or so. And I
think it just makes your life simpler in
a ton of ways. It's it's a much easier
strategy to implement. Um, and it's much
harder for your opponents to read into
your sizings because when you're
splitting sizings, you know, you're a
human. So, it's it's very very difficult
to keep both both ranges properly
balanced. And um, if you know your
sizing for every spot and just use one
sizing, it's going to be quite hard for
people to get a sizing read. I think
being able to understand the statistics
of my opponents, like I'm playing mostly
against opponents and not my hand, is
basically the thing that that said to
me, okay, yeah, wow. Uh, when I saw an
stat that has this number, I know the
strategy that I had to do to win against
that and it works and it's like, wow,
how did that change? How how did the
experience of playing poker change? How
did it feel different after you learned
that? So I can imagine that before that
you were mainly trying to play a
strategy and now you were kind of
pointed in, hey no, your opponent have
certain tendencies and you can make
exploits based on that. How did poker
the experience of playing poker feel
different after that?
&gt;&gt; Well, in order to make the exploitation
of course you want to know the theory.
So um when I knew that I was more
motivated to study theory so I can know
how my opponent separate from that
theory and what productative moves can I
do because uh when I start doing this
kind of stuff and my theoret theoretical
pocket knowledge wasn't as high as I
wanted. So I think it brings me yeah a
lot of uh motivation to analyze better
um what is the GTO strategy in most of
the spots. So when I also can combine
that with the data I have on this
opponent on the read that I have because
it's we are kind of all humans and we
it's really impossible to be able to uh
copy what a server do does and all of
the players including myself have
tendencies we will be more forced to do
one thing on the other and the EV spots
are not are never EV in in a real
situation they going to show a positive
or so minus because opponent will
call more or call less or fall more or
fall less in specific post specific
spot. So yeah, I think uh being able to
combine those things uh has been really
like the feeling that I uh had when I do
that is really good and this is
something I have keep working on and
will keep working on to be able to win
against the best players.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think what it also really does
it really helps you keep an open mind,
right? You always look for you're
willing to gather more information. I
think actually a mistake that I often
see is that players when I analyze a
game like oh yeah I'm trying to figure
out the strategy. I'm like okay well
let's pay attention to also the
information that's available to you at
the table. People kind of forget about
that right player reads player tells
timing tells bet size tells read
specific on the board because they're so
focused on okay what do I have to do
here? They think about the strategy
think about the theory but they kind of
miss valuable pieces of information that
that's right in front of you if you're
willing to look for it. And I feel like
kind of the consequence of your
strategical breakthrough and seeing poke
through that lens is uh it raised the
necessity for you to pay attention and
look because you now understand the
value that it has.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Like I think there are a
lot of eds and a lot of information that
can be useful apart from knowing what
the server does in 10 dual rainbow like
um also you mentioned times. Well, this
is something I've been studying a lot in
the last couple of months and sometimes
it's really helpful. Like I've seen a
lot of players that I play against uh
making the same timing with so sorry
different timing tails with value on
bluffs. This EV situations you can
change the way you react to them based
on that for example. So yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was definitely something
actually I was paying a lot of attention
to in the challenge as well, right?
because you have the showdowns and there
there were some interesting reads also
in terms of certain player profiles do
yeah it's it's quite interesting
obviously obviously not going to give
the whole uh give the whole information
out there but if you're willing it's
it's again like if you're willing to
look right you will find but people
often forget to look I think that's a
that's a big problem in poker nowadays
are you grinding hard studying solvers
reviewing hands but still not getting
those results that you know you're
capable of you're putting putting in the
time and effort, but without clear
direction, that effort does not pay off.
That is why I created the Mechanics
Leakbuster program, which is the exact
system I used to make over seven figures
playing online poker and have since
taught to hundreds of students so they
could do the same. Through our league
finder stats and pop-ups, you will gain
clarity on your biggest leaks and
tendencies, insights on how your
strategies have been performing in game,
and the impact variance has had on your
results. But knowing your stats is only
the beginning. In the program, we dig
deep into the root causes behind your
leaks and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve. As a poker player,
you'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break, and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back, and
take your game to the next level, join
the Mechanics Leakbuster program using
the link down below. And for the first
month of enrollment only, you will get
access to weekly group coaching calls
with me and get a chance to win a
one-on-one coaching session in which I
personally review your game. So don't
miss out on this limited opportunity.
Join the Mechanics League Bustbuster
program using the link down below and
looking forward to seeing you guys in
there. What is the best advice you have
been given and what impact did this have
on your life or your career?
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I guess um I actually listened
to your podcast with um MM MMA shadock.
He really made me think about like now
like how I should sort of like spend my
money and not letting a lot of money
just be on a side and sort of trying to
sort of like think more what I do with
the money outside of poker. like I
already have some sort of plan, but like
right now I I definitely have
um way too much money on like some sides
and just sort of try to think about what
I will do with these these money to to
create more wealth. That was that was
like actually like a a very good good
advice because I feel like a lot of
poker players really need that trying to
be more professional with my money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for for me as well. So I I
definitely enjoyed it. I remember
actually we did a episode with I think
Peter Arts is that his name? Yeah. The
the Belgian FT player and he said the
same like don't leave your money
uninvested. A lot of players you know
you can just always put your you don't
have to keep your whole room poker. I
remember also don't know if you listen
to the episode we did with Mario
Mosbach. He said something really
interesting about the consideration if
he wants to play high stakes online and
he was mentioning like okay let's say I
do play higher stakes online then I need
to suddenly like I don't know 8x the
bank rule but this money that I now need
to put extra I could have also just
invested somewhere get let's say 6 to 8%
return of investment quite easily
guaranteed compared to putting that into
poker added variance and then basically
he was thinking about it more that way
like oh do I need 8x the role. Do I get
8x the amount of return of investment?
Probably not. Um, that was actually also
pretty that was actually pretty eye
opening for me. I was like, "Huh,
actually that makes a lot of sense. You
need so much more money if you want to
play high stakes and that money. You
have to also take in consideration what
other things you could do with the
money, right? And how much ROI actually
increases on your year."
&gt;&gt; Also, just like he talked about this
like there's like there's not one
formula for one player. like there's so
many different formulas and just like
figuring out like what sort of um what
works out best for you and like thinking
about that that's uh that's the I feel
like that's very important for a poker
player.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know the thing came to
mind to start jugg
enjoyable because uh as a poker player
and especially I've been kind of a
lonely one and um I moved a lot through
different places so it always happened
the same story like in one year you
develop relationships with people then
you move to the other place and you
repeat and it was kind of nah. But uh
when I started to train, jiu-jitsu has a
strong sense of a community and uh at
some point I developed a lot of
friendships at the gym and uh later on I
realized that uh whenever I leave I will
make friends
just through through this. That was a
significant uh change for me.
&gt;&gt; My dad always says, "How do you eat an
elephant? One bite at a time." Um, and
so for me, that's sort of what I try to
do in poker. Uh, show up every day and,
you know, take your one bite and and
hope by the end you've you've achieved
what you want to achieve. I think I
would say a
phrase that my grandfather
taught me when I was young and it's
something that
he also
tal to my mother which is be able to
enjoy 100% when you have time for enjoy
but also
remember when you're working to give
100% because if you want to enjoy 100%
you need to do the previous work. Having
this kind of mentality of be able to
give everything on two different
scenarios which are work and joy is the
correct equilibrium of your life.
&gt;&gt; How do you uh apply this in your in your
day-to-day life? Do you maybe have an
example? To be honest, I think uh I
don't apply the joy thing as good as the
work thing, but I told you before when I
play poker, when I do something, I just
want to be the best one at what I do and
try to not do too many things at the
same time, but the things I do, try to
make them correct and to take it really
seriously. However, for example, um I
think I have to improve the the side of
also forgetting about work in your life
and connect with people you like, people
you love, your family, whatever, which
is something that from the probably last
year I haven't done it a lot because I'm
so focused on poker right now. But
probably
it's the same mistake that I told you in
the challenge that I didn't rest but I
kind of improved in that. And for
example uh the last five months that
I've live in Estonia in I've been
playing almost uh not every day but yeah
almost every day. And now I'm going on a
one more vacation
and probably in November I will go also
three weeks with one friend to
Philippines. And I hope I will be able
to disconnect 100% from poker road 75%.
To be able to enjoy the
award that I won by working uh that
much. How can you say that? On the
contrary, what do uh what do you what is
the worst advice you've ever received or
that you think is commonly given in the
poker space?
&gt;&gt; If I had more time to think about it, I
would probably at some point like come
up with like a very bad one, but I
there's nothing like that comes up on on
top of my head. I I remember a
conversation with a guy once that was
like thinking that he essentially he
thought that everyone was just
approaching it wrong. He was just like,
you you you just like try and get to, I
don't know, 2 million at like the
fastest possible. So, oh, you just take
insane variance and then if you drop
down now, you just start grinding again.
But I just feel like this is such a like
you just that's just you need such
little variance to go against you for
that to happen. And now you have to
start over and go and and thinking that
when you go down and you can say you can
just grind it up again. Sometimes you
also go down and you can just like take
on bad various and it can take you a
long time to grind it up again. So it's
like I feel like that approach was very
bad to just go insane with your with
your role and probably not the thing for
99% of all players. Um I feel like that
was a very pretty bad advice. Yeah, I
feel I feel like then they usually talk
about like the up the compounded upside
effect, right? That if you can make that
shot work, it's there there's a lot of
value in that. I do indeed like on paper
if you just look at the rational numbers
and if you have a guy who's just doing
the math like, oh yeah, this is the best
approach, but then you don't take in
consideration the whole mental thing
around it, you know, how will you how
will you bind back after a shot failing?
And this is also very very personal.
Like I know guys that are just super
rational. Oh yeah, what do you mean?
Yeah, you just take a shot. Oh, it
doesn't work. problem, you know, when
other other guys for other guys it it it
has a bigger effect than just, oh yeah,
I lost my shot, you know. So feel like
you have to definitely take how you work
uh in consideration there. It's not
there's not one one one approach fits
all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I um I I mean I only take
big varants when I go play these live
stops because I only do it like three
four times a year. So I know when I'm
like when I'm on playing online, I'm not
taking crazy varants at all. I'm doing
very safe and then I when I go to EBTs
or whatever, then I I take on more
various because I know this is only
happening like a couple of times a year
and I will have, you know, high return
investments when I play. Um yeah, that's
sort of like how I do it.
&gt;&gt; One time my friends told me to buy this
coin called Blender that like went to
zero. Um, I didn't put that much money
in it. But yeah, uh, that's the worst
financial advice at least.
&gt;&gt; I don't think I have received too many
worse advices, but I think I will say
that there are a lot of people that just
look at the solver and just they think,
okay, if the solver says that, it's
okay. You just didn't play um like the
sol you're playing bad. And there are
too many guys that have this uh kind of
approach where if they seen you made a
bad play, they will say, "Okay, it's a
mistake." And having this open mind you
were talking about before,
maybe will help you thinking maybe it's
not a mistake. Maybe he's doing that
because he's
thinking that you might be doing this
other thing. So I think yeah, there are
some people that are too that are not
open mind. opposite of open mind and now
I'm I don't find it but I think it will
be the worst uh you can say to a poker
player like to
not being able to think outside the box.
&gt;&gt; Was there a a mistake you made for way
too long? One that was maybe hard to
admit or hard to fix?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. So, like a big mistake
that I would say I was making for a long
time was I'd be playing my session and
then I'd just have like a podcast open
on the side and just be like kind of
like splitting my brain between focusing
on the podcast and playing. It's hard to
really say how much that cost me in
terms of like how much longer it took
for me to get better uh skill-wise or
how much it took off my win rate, but I
definitely think this type of splitting
your focus or just playing a video in
the background. I I think it's really
costly. I'm not sure how many players
actually do this. I know it's a big
issue for me, but now I will listen to
music when I play, but I will try and
stay focused when I am actually playing.
In strategic terms, uh first thing comes
to mind is that uh the hugest mistake
was to play in a lot of tables because
it uh hinders your progress a lot. I
think the best way to approach the game
is uh to play four six tables and uh and
think through every decision and uh
build more reads on people trying to
spot tings things they do. It's a more
enjoyable way to play the game, I think,
as well. It was kind of what I was doing
for the last years. Just it just get
really boring to do it and mistakes.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. Um I have just been way too
much of a calling station. I think it
comes from projection. Like if you if
you bluff a lot, maybe you assume other
people are also bluffing a lot. So
you're projecting your your thoughts
into them. So yeah, I I've always
struggled with with calling down too
many spots that aren't that aren't
bluffed properly.
&gt;&gt; How do you uh how do you fix that?
&gt;&gt; Put my mouse on the on the fold button
whenever I can. I mean, uh, just I think
it comes down to just respecting
respecting people a little less, you
know, not not giving someone credit for
finding like all the super creative
bluffs and certain spots and,
you know, just saying, "All right, you
have it. You win. I fold." you feel like
you progressed, you're happy with where
you are now or you think you could still
is it like something that still if you
if you slip a bit to CB game, it's you
know the tendency.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely still a leak. Um
I've patched it some because in the
beginning it was it was very bad. But
I've improved it some, still working on
it, but yeah, it's something I always
have to have to keep in mind. probably
looking at the results or the graphs
that much time like I was going to bed
probably thinking I lost uh this kind
amount of money or I won this amount of
money and sometimes um I was telling my
friend now I don't see the graph and
maybe I was looking at the graphs like I
was lying to myself uh so I think this
is a mistake that probably I did in the
past because
right now I feel completely different
from that thinking like I know I
understand the variance and I know that
it doesn't matter what you do in a day
you're going to get the result that are
going to be and it doesn't depend on
you. So being able to understand what
depends on you and what doesn't depend
and be able to go to bed without having
this thought of okay I want to know how
how I did it uh is something that I have
improved and I did uh some mistakes in
the past. I had this necessity of
knowing if I did good or well
where now I think okay have I play good
that's okay. How has your approach to uh
improving as a poker player and studying
the game evolved and how did it become
more efficient over time?
&gt;&gt; Some people have a lot of different
approaches to this. I feel like there's
a lot of people they sort of go go like
now I'm going to studying button against
big band and then other people is going
to be like I'm going to look at the
spots that comes up and then I'm going
to like look into the spots that I think
find find interesting and I feel like
I'm in the in the last camp where I do
kind of it's like I do both but I kind
of I feel like I'm in the last camp camp
because I find it more interesting But
as we spoke about in this challenge, it
was there was a lot of spots where I was
like
how do I want to create my strategy in
this spot like um and I'm kind of like
in doubt can I can I do this strategy
and like is it a pun to do this strategy
and just like figure out like how like
structure your strategy in sense right
make it simple and yeah
&gt;&gt; yeah I think when I started it was a lot
more difficult because I wasn't aware of
any tools tools where you could like
look at your frequencies, your stats,
compare it to what solver stats would be
in the sim in similar spots. And so it's
a lot tougher to actually like identify
maybe frequency leaks that I had in
areas.
So that was like a large time consuming
thing for me where I actually had to
manually try and find this myself. Now
it's a lot easier like in Hansen you can
just find these things and then see oh
I'm overfalling river here and then you
can still decide like is that good or
bad like you can look into that and find
an answer as well. Um before that was a
lot more challenging and so my approach
would actually just be to I think my
approach was literally just to keep
trying keep playing keep looking for new
things trying things and by chance when
I did find something that fixed my
problem then it helped but um it was a
lot less efficient back then because I
couldn't just struct in a structured way
look at at it objectively like this is
where I'm leaking this is what I need to
which is what I think is just the
easiest way to the easiest way to fix
now is definitely just like a stock
checker. I would say um the biggest
breakthrough for me was when I got
introduced to a community of better
players. Initially when I started
playing poker, I was sort of on my own.
I had maybe one other friend in college
who who wasn't that serious. But as I
progressed, I I kept meeting more and
more uh very good players, very smart
players who were much better than me and
could sort of take me under their wing.
And I was very curious about the game.
So maybe I was able to offer a little
bit to them in terms of figuring out
some things they hadn't thought of. So
yeah, finding beneficial relationships
like that has been great. And then a lot
of them, you know, you become great
friends with outside of poker. So, um, a
ton of benefits to that.
&gt;&gt; For the last two years, I've been
studying a lot of theory because, well,
I haven't studied before I become a
professional poker player, almost any
theory. I watch some videos, but um, and
sometimes receive some classes, some
lessons, but not something that I put
effort on, that I write on. So for the
last two years, I've been studying
almost every spot in the game and also
do some
um
some worksheet where I summarize all the
principal points and I um
add more information on those um
worksheet. If I find something different
today that I didn't have in the past,
now I put that in my work document so I
can have all the information clear and
summarize. But uh I will say that since
last year since I been playing higher
stakes and the player are better I am
more focusing of being I will say more
balance or playing more GTO because
these guys are quite better and they
also play more uh
so oriented. However, in the past, I was
playing, yeah, you can be completely
unbalanced in every spot in 500 because
it doesn't matter. No one is going to
know most of the time. And now because I
face really great players, I need to
take care more about not only how I
perceive my opponents, but also how my
opponents perceive me and how they might
adapt to me because they know how to
adapt and they I don't want to show them
my all my strategy. Uh at least that is
so easy to to read if I have scythe
intel for example or whatever. I had to
take theory more seriously.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like also once once you
go up in stakes, the pool gets smaller
and people naturally will pay more
attention to you because they face the
same players more often. So from that
perspective as well, like like you said,
I feel like if you have leaks in your
game, they will get exploited more
easily or you have onbalances. People
will pick on them because yeah, they
simply pay more attention to you because
they face you more often, right? Because
they're simply less stable, less
opposition. uh it became more
much more efficient when uh GTOV became
a thing and when they added an old lock
tool because now you can even like the
lazy person as I am can do put in into
some assumptions and play with them to
like in a matter of minutes. Before
that, it was kind of a process to do
that definitely helps with efficiency,
but not only for myself, so it makes a
competition. If you're looking to level
up your poker game, let me tell you
about GTO Wizard. It's got everything
you need in order to improve as a poker
player, whether you're just starting out
or already crushing it. You got tools
like a hand history analyzer, a GTO
trainer, and even custom drills to help
you sharpen up your skills and make
smarter plays. It's what so many of the
guests we have had on are using in order
to dominate cash games and tournaments.
Get started for free and get 10% off
your first purchase using the link down
below, gtoizard.com/mechanics.
If you sign up, you also get access to
the weekly coaching webinars where you
can learn from me and other great
coaches. So, looking forward on
educating you guys over there. How do
you uh identify, prioritize, and fix
leaks in your game? And could you maybe
walk us through maybe a recent example?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I remember last year I
asked for an expert. well some someone
that was quite better than me to look
into all my data. I sent him all my
database, my statistics. Um in the also
poker academy that I am working with. Um
you can upload your statistics and they
will have one one by one uh meeting with
you where they will go number by number.
Okay, this is the theoretical number.
This is your number and this is what
maybe you should do to your meta. If I
want to give you an example,
um I mean it's an easy one, but for
example,
one of my leagues last year, it was that
I wasn't for enough in most of the
positions and I made a lot of changes
not only um in the frequencies but also
the different morphology I can have
toward different people. And now that I
know that I have improved that also
because against polarized ranges or
linear ranges
uh I have different morphology. So um
this is something that
not only I have improved but I have to
keep improving because
maybe if I start forwarding more some
opponents will less to me. So, uh, I got
to be really careful on how I do my
changes right now because I think people
are being able to adapt to you really
fast. Um if you want for example a
specific example of how can I
well it's not something that I did bad
but but for example few weeks ago I was
playing hea with a a really nice wreck
who was falling too much to a small
three bet I look about it on the server
and he has to call so many hands that he
wasn't calling but then one week h after
that I saw some hands that he was
calling that okay now I realize he just
adapt to me and he's doing great. So
that leak that he had he just improve
it. It's not something that I did but he
did it and I realize okay now I cannot
exploit that. So I think that being said
is something that I did in the past with
my previous leagues and I have to keep
doing it.
&gt;&gt; I have no leaks. I'm a perfect player.
Um, I guess what's just really
important is that you play some hands
and
some of the hands you play, they might
work out, but that doesn't mean it's a
good place. So, I think it's important
to to try and be
as objective as possible and don't think
that just because you made this very
crazy play that it's a good play and
sort of try to still studying it and
sort of be very honest with the with the
sol response and with what a human does
because it's very easy to just be like,
I just made this because my opponent is
doing that and I know he's doing that,
but it doesn't mean that he's doing
that. Like even though you think he's
doing something else, it doesn't even
mean mean that it's like that good,
right? And if you're wrong about it, you
might you might be bleeding, right?
&gt;&gt; How do you do that? Like not essentially
not lie to yourself.
&gt;&gt; It's very hard. It's very hard. You sort
of have to I mean I have a I have a guy
um where if I send him a hand he's
almost never like I I will send him like
the interesting runs right I won't be
sending him like should I arrange bet
here like I will I will be sending like
the interesting run and almost every
time I send him a hand he will be highly
criti critiquing my my my play right so
he will almost be like so that's kind of
like a nice reality check because I mean
first of all he's a better player than
me but also is like a guy that just have
a completely different view of the hand
and that can just make you sort of um
that makes me like sort of like question
what I did and sort of thinking about
okay maybe I'm maybe I shouldn't be as
confident as I am right now because of
that could just be easy variance right
like I can just be having this thought
that I think he does this and then he
did that but that could just be variance
you know maybe he's like not doing it
all the time at all like maybe he's just
Yeah, if that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; What does your current study routine
look like?
&gt;&gt; Well, currently I'm at the beach uh on
vacation, but when I'm when I'm really
locked in uh and on poker, um usually I
I like to study with one or at most two
other people and a variety of different
formats. Maybe we do a hand review, a
deep run review. Maybe we just focus on
one certain spot. Um, maybe we, you
know, dive deep on a specific exploit,
look at final final table replays, see
what the top players are doing. Um,
takes on a ton of different formats, but
it's sort of spont it's always been
spontaneous for me. Not really super uh
regimented for the most part. There
there have been some stretches where I
plan out, you know, three weeks and I'm
going to hit, you know, these 10 spots
each for a certain amount of time, but
for the most part, it's been more free
flowing.
&gt;&gt; Is then more like you've identified the
spot that you're uncertain about and you
kind of use that or maybe like your
curiosity as like a compass to steer you
in the direction of what you want to
focus on,
&gt;&gt; right? For example, I mean, maybe I see
in a sim that blind v blind and limp
check on a mono flop the big blind
should check back a flush half the time.
And I I ask all my friends, you know,
how often do you think people check back
a flush here? And everyone's like, oh,
like never. Like 5% maybe 10% at most.
So then you run the node lock for what
you think people are doing and and get
uh get the solution for how to play
against that
&gt;&gt; and then press and then press the button
and be aggro. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's something that in European
players spend too much or too little
time on?
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure that a lot of guys are
very focused on being like, "Oh, this is
like a B75 spot." So like he bet B50.
I'm like he's definitely making a
mistake. Like there's no way like this
is just wrong. where like if the guy
just studied in the spot and with B50
and has the frequencies with B50 more
correct than you have then he's probably
just playing the spot way better because
the EV difference between B50 B75 or
whatever is just you know nothing right
so it's like thinking more about that um
and this about like trying to find the
correct sizing in in the in the spot if
that makes sense
&gt;&gt; I don't think there are many people who
study more than they shoot. So,
I'm definitely guilty of that because
it's like a playing is the most
enjoyable for most people. It's the most
enjoyable part in poker, but uh you have
to put in hours into understanding the
game and kind of slowly analyzing the
things like going deep into the game
tree and also
I'm still guilty of that. I I have kind
of a good surface level understanding of
uh a lot of different strategies. But I
think what most player luck especially
at mistakes is a
deep understanding of them. It's kind of
taking uh each board and uh analyzing
each turn river and uh doing it with
nlocks. uh it takes a lot of time but uh
the more you do it the more patterns you
have and the deeper understanding you
have and I think uh that's that's what I
would do if I want to play higher
because it's easy to get things on the
surface level especially when you have
so much educational content I always
watch uh uh courses videos but it's a
lazy way to study you're kind of
watching someone doing the work but the
most benefits comes when you do the work
yourself. You can use educational
materials for inspiration and stuff and
uh
ideas but you need to go deep into game
three yourself if you want to achieve
some sort of excellence.
&gt;&gt; Um I think blockers are super overrated
in most spots. um like river river
bluffing or bluff catching spots. Um
like if someone bets pot on the river,
you need to win a third of the time. And
in many cases, it's going to be you only
win 20% of the time. So block, unless
it's a super narrow range spot, blockers
aren't going to swing the equation 13%.
Um or or you win 50% of the time against
pot. So then you just call your whole
range. So, like I think a lot of a lot
of spots you face should be range calls
or range folds, you know, or range
bluffs or range give ups regardless of
blockers. So, I think like,
you know, when when you're facing a a
pot-siz riverback from a guy who never
bluffs, you don't want to think, oh, I'm
unblocking bluffs. The bluffs don't
exist, so just fold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what should people consider
instead? people should consider
um who they're playing against more. I
think every hand you play is sort of
like a game of it should be almost like
you're playing a game of heads up
against your opponent and all your
thoughts are are focused on them and
their tendencies. Um, and then if
they're a very elite player or you're
unsure, then you can go down your list
to blockers or, you know, more um micro
strategy things like that. Um, but
that's only once, you know, you've
you've looked at the big picture first
and the the global frequency. Yeah, I
very strongly agree with this because a
lot of mistakes that people make is
because they go down the wrong thought
process and if you just start all your
thought process with who am I playing
against in the hand because every player
deserves a different type of thought
process or the things that you take in
consideration is different. Right? If I
play against Connor, I might take other
things in consideration than if I play
against some recreational for example,
right? Two extreme examples. Um, so
yeah, I I I strongly uh agree. It's very
good, very good advice. People pay
attention working on your game, your
skills, your maximize your skills,
maximize
your value. like being able to play good
your value hands is one of the best
things in poker because blue cultures
and uh bluffs most of the time are EV
zero in any particular spots but being
able to win the most of your value hands
probably is something you need to spend
a lot of time of and if that is not one
of your strengths you need to take a
look on it and also being able to
understand what are your weaknesses
and how the meta is doing against that
is something you
also need to take action on because
there are really different kind of meta
if you're playing in different sites and
well if you have access to data you have
can do a meta analysis for example based
on on the data you have you can also
take like a deeper kind of analysis on
your game, not only your game, but also
how the meta works. What in your opinion
is the best thing a player can do to
increase his EV?
&gt;&gt; I would say trying to keep things
simple. Um, trying to simplify spots
where if you look up a spot and you see
like, oh, here we see bits 70% of the
time and we take 30%. You can be like,
fine, let's just raise bit the spot and
let's try to focus on playing the turn
better. um or like our sponge to the
check races and like sort of going like
that in sort of like complicate things
for yourself even more um because it can
be very complicated and you can save
some time. I think that can help you a
lot. And maybe also I mean kind of like
if you have a bluff catcher spot follow
intuition and then look up the spot and
be like okay this spot um I am losing x
amount of BB 100 uh by calling. Okay, I
can't get that out my out of line. Like
I have to sort of like try and um unless
you're just like super correct but like
you sort of like try to don't go too
crazy the either way or the other way.
Um, and sort of like keep yourself in in
check with that. Like keep like
screenshotting these spots and like
looking the knob to see, you know, how
far off are we? Even though we Yeah.
Instead of just trying to like remember
what a solver might want to call.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it like this best specific
thing I think depends a lot on what
whatever that player's leaks are. But I
guess more generally
um would be to speak with better players
on a very regular basis. Um, make sure
you're having detailed feedback from
better players on your hands. Maybe even
get a database review if you play
online. Um, if you're playing higher
stakes live, definitely look into
getting a coach. For me, I've always
gained more uh poker wise through human
interactions compared to just uh
watching a video on my own or or looking
at a solver on my own because you can
hear you can hear a completely new
perspective that you might not even be
able to generate or think of on your
own.
&gt;&gt; What is the biggest misconception or
flaw belief players have about poker or
being a poker professional? I think
there's a misconception on how much
variance there is in live poker cash
games. I think people underestimate that
so much. Like people just open up a um
poker variance calculator and they'll
just input like 20 BB per 100 win rate,
the standard deviation, and they'll say,
"Oh, it's no variance. You just win
every session." And I actually like my
experience playing I don't think that's
how it works at all because you can just
be in a 1,200 BB pot and then lose the
pot and then it's like you it's really
difficult to get that win rate back
unless you have a similar spot and it
might just not come about for another
month. So, I feel like people definitely
underestimate the variance that comes
with playing live poker, especially if
you're playing deep stacked. And even if
you're not, like if you're playing on a
private game that runs high, it's like,
okay, you play this game and then the
game can just like break. The
recreational stops playing. Suddenly,
the only other game you have access to
is like five times lower in stakes. And
so wherever you want to lost at a higher
stake, you actually cannot recover
because the game just doesn't exist
anymore.
&gt;&gt; Maybe people are too optimistic about
how easy it is or or how how much money
you can make or or or
yeah, how how easy it is I would say
because for me the the poker world is
very hard to get to the top of and
requires a lot of skill, a lot of luck,
a lot of work. Um, and there are much
easier things to do out there. So, I
would say you have to make sure you
really really love the game um to to
dedicate yourself to it. Uh, because
you're not unless you're a tournament
player and just [ __ ] the main or
something, you're not really just going
to walk into success in poker. If you
want to focus more while playing, let me
tell you guys about Brain FM. This is
actually something I stumbled on prior
to the World Championship, and it's been
what I've been listening to for hours
and hours straight while playing. It's
music specifically designed to help you
focus. Personally, I have ADHD. They
have a special function where they play
sound that interacts very well with your
brain waves, helping you to focus. And
it's been something that I've been
listening to and using for doing work or
playing poker. And it has definitely
changed my focus and helped my game. So,
I wanted to inform you guys on this
opportunity. Link down below, one free
month trial and uh yeah, let me know how
you like it.
&gt;&gt; Actually, um a guy like a reg Nimrod, he
sent me a YouTube video of um some
it's called like free 3pm study with me
where it's like rain sounds and thing.
And he said he got it from you. I've
been doing it a lot ever since and it
has helped a lot uh for me as well. Um,
it really can get you get you in the
zone. And also this thing here, like I
put it on and I just know for the next
three hours I'm I'm locked in like I
know now. And that's like 3 hours is
kind of like a nice time, you know,
where you just know like now it's it's
time to go.
&gt;&gt; I want to do a little uh mini rapid fire
with you. Simplify your strategy or
embrace complexity and why?
&gt;&gt; Embrace complexity. It's just uh I think
it's more enjoyable way to play. I guess
I would say say simplify.
&gt;&gt; Simplify in the beginning and then on
the river try to to make things a little
bit more complex and try to on the river
be more creative. Explore that area
because there's more to be gained
compared to unsloppy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I just say simplify. If you can
make your strategy more complex, I think
it's more easier to [ __ ] it up than it
is to actually
gain EV. And also simplifying just makes
it easier to play more tables as well.
simplify your strategy because if you
know what you're playing and you're
confident in it, then in game you'll be
able to execute it without any
hesitation.
&gt;&gt; When you mentioned the simplifier
strategy, I saw something that needs
some elaboration. In the questionnaire,
you mentioned that one of your strengths
was your fearlessness and use of unique
lines. I like going off the tree a lot
to see who can play street poker better.
How does Street Broker and Simplify go
hand in hand?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good question. I I wanted
to say complex in that answer, but for
me like flops and turns, I always one
size. So for me the complexity comes
like mainly on rivers because that the
river is the node where you should be
able to range your opponent the tightest
and
that's when you can deviate the most. So
yeah I like keeping things simple
flop and turn and then river it's time
to freestyle. Is that partly also to
have a good idea of how your opponent's
range look on the river? Whereas if you
would mix it up a lot, maybe already on
the flop and on the turn, you might also
have less of a good idea about his
range.
&gt;&gt; If you start using, you know, too crazy
of sizes on flop and turn, maybe you
don't have enough experience in game to
help people react um to that size.
And yeah, also, you know, I've just put
in the most study using, you know,
common sizes on flop and turn. So those
are the ones I try to implement.
&gt;&gt; And when you say, to clarify, when you
say one size, you don't mean that you
only use one size, but when you see the
texture, you decide on one dominant size
that you're going to use for that
texture. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Right. So like I'd say okay this flop my
strategy is half potter check or my
strategy is quarter potter check or
potter check.
&gt;&gt; How do you also feel like because what
is simple kind of evolves with your
skill as a poker player. What
simplification looked for you four years
ago might be different now. So how do
how do how do we define uh simple? Yeah,
I think simple should just be whatever
you can
predictably execute in game. Whatever
you you can trust yourself to
remember and implement in game. So if
you're some super memory genius and can
foursize every flop, you know, go ahead
and do that. If you know you can't, then
maybe stick stick with one or at most
two. simplify strategy because pocket is
too complex in my opinion. By saying
simplify strategy, it doesn't mean you
don't have to look at the table like
okay I would say simplify strategy but
first take a look at your opponent
because okay you might have this
simplified strategy that works but then
against opponent you can do whatever you
like or you can have a different kind of
approach but I think simplifying the
strategies in today's meta game are
working really good because poker is so
complex and you need to be able to do at
least eight of a 10 in every spots to be
a winner. You don't have to in your
opinion at least the stakes that I play
to be a 10 in any spots. So my goal is
to be improving
in any spots point by point if when I
started my pocket career I was a deuce
uh last year maybe I was a five and now
I was a seven. My goal is next year to
be a nine or 8.5 in every spot. And by
simplifying most of my strategies, I can
get that easily. If I sometimes get too
complex about it, it's going to be
harder. However, of course, if you are
improving, your strategies are going to
be more complex. Yeah. And also like
it's like what you said, right? As you
get more advanced yourself, your
definition of what's simple also
changes. So, uh, and and a very
important point here that simplifying
your strategy is just the start. From
there, now you don't have to think about
that anymore. you can think about, like
I said, what's my opponent doing? What's
the information? So, you can add layers
of comp, let's call it complexity or
adjustments because you don't have to
think about the quote quote basic stuff
anymore, right? So, it's I I feel like
actually a big mistake people make is
that they work only on their simplified
kind of baseline strategy and they
think, okay, now I'm just going to
execute that and that's that's it,
right? But it's what that enables you to
do from there that where the value is in
a simplified strategy in my opinion.
Yeah, let's take for example
a small bl
single day spot is probably the most
difficult spot in poker six talking. You
can have a lot of sizes there in most of
the boards if you are a small one. If
you simplify that to one size which is a
simplified strategy, it will be so easy
for you at least to play this spot as I
said from a seven out of 10. If you just
make it more complex and you have four
four sizings for each board, maybe it's
going to be harder for you and you are
going to make more mistakes. So
something more simple doesn't mean it's
worse. That was my point.
&gt;&gt; Follow the data or trust your intuition.
&gt;&gt; I wanted to say intuition like intuition
is based on data. In an environment
where where you have to make
fast decisions, uh there is a so much
data flow flowing around. Sometimes you
can subconsciously just uh feel the
other guy weak or strong and you don't
completely realize why but it might be.
&gt;&gt; If your intuition is good then trust
your intuition. If not I'd say follow
the data. No intuition for sure. Uh why?
Because data sometimes have a lot of
variance and data changes. Like if you
see my data this year is completely
different from my last year. So I think
your intuition and also the game flow
mind that mindset that you have on this
opponent. If you think he's acting by
emotions, if you think he's kind of
tilted, if you think he will be more
tempted to passeness in this kind of
spot is something that I think is really
really important and I will trust that
more than a data.
&gt;&gt; How do you distinguish between if your
intuition is showing something that's
indeed correct or when your intuition is
biased towards maybe, you know,
something that you would like to do.
Let's say you're naturally more of a
station or naturally more of a folder.
How do you differentiate intuition
versus bias?
&gt;&gt; I think it's really hard to to
differences. I think you will need a lot
of shoguns to know if you are right or
wrong. But sometimes you can be just
running good and they have the bluffs
that they they the only bluffs that they
have in this spot and you're playing and
they are showing the bluff and you might
be making an e minus code. I think it's
really hard to know really really hard.
You can check that with uh for example
different poker minds like I always like
to share my thoughts uh with uh other
other players and therefore there you
can have some some other opinions and
they can say to you okay I agree on that
and if they are really good poker
players you might think okay if they
agree on that and I think that too maybe
that's not bias and that's good
intuition. RNG. Yes or no? When and why?
&gt;&gt; Sometimes yes when you don't see a clear
answer and uh you have an indifferent
decision. For example, when I played a
lot of tables, um sometimes I just
didn't have time to make a good decision
and the spot felt like it's whatever. So
you can RNG, but for most of the time
usually you can make a strong decision.
Oh, like an indefinitive one.
&gt;&gt; RNG. Yes, for sure. Um because
if you don't, I mean, I can speak for
myself only. I will start doing either
one way or another. And if I play
against a guy that I know is not using
an RNG, I see that I will be having an
easier time easier time figuring the guy
out. Obviously, you shouldn't just like
um RNGing like any spot possible because
that's just going to be you're going to
be ending up in so many scenarios with
so many different kind of hands that can
go one way or the other. And if you
don't control yourself, I think you will
end up being crushed unless you're just
like crazy good. But I'm not that good.
So yeah, for me for sure, uh RNG,
&gt;&gt; personally, I actually really like using
RNG myself.
Um it depends on it honestly depends on
your approach. I feel like it's hard to
really give a right or wrong answer.
does that the the times where I say
don't use it is like as a copout where
you actually don't know what to do. So
it's like I'll flip a coin. I think it's
better to try and work for an answer
yourself in most spots and then go from
there. Like for example, okay, if I'm on
a river spot and I think okay, this call
is probably just like I could fold it, I
could call it. I think first it's worth
thinking is this actually just a winning
call in practice or not? Is this a
losing call in practice? And then if
you're kind like if I'm like okay it's
probably they're probably playing pretty
accurate in this spot then yeah okay RNG
is fine. If not I think it's fine to
actually just like play pure in some of
these spots one way or the other with
certain hands. And then there are other
spots as well like pre flop it's not I
don't really think it's necessary but I
guess you can if you want to. Um flops
and turns.
Yeah, flops and turns seems fine to me
as well to RNG.
&gt;&gt; So, I use RNG um pre flop and MTTS
because there are spots where I I feel
like it's necessary. Like if you're if
you're three betting from the big blind
and you have all these combos that mix
mix three bets. If you just do them
always, you're three betting too much.
If you do them never, you're not three
betting enough. And then if you simplify
by only picking certain certain hands,
then you have problems post flop. So, I
I like using it for pre flop. Um,
sometimes for flops. That way, you know,
you'll have some flush draws, you check
call, some you check raise. But then
turns and rivers, I almost never RNG
because I feel like once once you've
gotten to turn, you're generally off in
human land and and hands aren't going to
be indifferent between things anymore.
There there should be a clear decision
or you should at least have an opinion
of what of what the best play is by the
turn or ruber.
&gt;&gt; Final one. Will we see you in the high
stakes edition of the Kashg World
Championship and what would you still
need to work on to have a real shot at
crushing it over there? Uh well uh
hopefully one day of course this year is
going to be uh no answer but my poker
career has just started so I will love
to compete again the best in the world h
in the near future hopefully it's going
to be in a few years but if it's in five
or six or whatever years I will be so
happy that I did it and in order to get
that not only my band roll has to
increase a lot but also I need to still
be able to improve a lot of uh things in
my game but also in my mental game in
order to be able to compete with these
beasts that are uh playing the high
stakes uh talent. So I think um in the
following years I will just try to
become a better person, better player
and by doing that every day I think um
my chances of participating in that
challenge will improve. I don't think
you will see me at the high stakes
competition. It's just not realistic to
close that gap in skill level in a year.
I think maybe it is, but just to predict
probably not.
&gt;&gt; I I don't think so. I mean, I would have
to I think I would have to get coached
and also state I I'm not going to be
playing in the 10K. I'm not in contact
with anyone about that. So, I guess my
answer is going to be no. I would be
open for it, but it's not like I am the
most hungry guy in the world to just
like having to play the high sticks. Uh,
if that makes sense. I'm going to UBT
Paza and I would be playing like the
10k. That's going to be like my highest
buying and play the 5k main and stuff
like that. But that's obviously very
different from playing this 10k
challenge. That's that's something
different. I don't plan on it, but it's
like it's possible I take a shot at it.
But um, what would I have to work on?
That's a good question actually. I'm not
entirely sure. If it's going to be anti
and nonante, then I think that it's
probably going to be harder to just wing
it in the anti format against like the
best best regs than it is that midstake.
So, I would probably say the anti stuff
I shouldn't slack on. And then also the
multi-way stuff I could probably use
what uh looking into a bit more. Um I
don't think I would grind that
consistently
just yet. uh maybe jump in a little bit,
but yeah, I would have a lot of work to
do on my game before I'd feel like um
I'd be competitive there. Like I said,
over the last few years, I haven't put
that much study into cash, and these are
the very best cash players in the world.
So, I think it would be a little bit um
a little bit arrogant of me even to to
jump into that game and and expect to be
winning um without a ton of work on my
end. coming up in the next episode.
&gt;&gt; I'm so offended. You just talked for
five minutes about his head and you
didn't mention a single theory thing.
What is going on and just starting
trashing me?
&gt;&gt; I think it's a spot where people are
going to go too much into the blockers
thing.
&gt;&gt; Not really repping much at all on my
end. But if you think they only have a
bluff, then I think you can just go
ahead and put it on.
&gt;&gt; I run all my money in that kit.
&gt;&gt; Okay, nice. Uh,
&gt;&gt; this one is really funny.