Kind: captions
Language: en
Previously on the podcast, we have
interviewed five of the top competitors
from the Cash Cam World Championship
across three episodes. Now, the players
are giving us an exclusive breakdown of
some of the craziest hands that they
have played during the challenge. In
this video, Kikaka reviews three of his
favorite hands. First, a wild blind
versus blind hero call. Second, a battle
against one of the most aggressive
players in the field. And finally, a
clicking war with the eventual champion.
All right, going to review some hands.
Let's start off with the first one.
Basically, you can walk us through it
and uh I will ask questions uh along the
way.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Single respon
in this kind of non um rake games. I
think I decided to make a quarter C on
the flop
which I will do with the range one to
bet here. This is the strategy that I
have and I think this hand is really
really good for seating.
Not only because you have one heart and
one club because you're blocking some of
the floats that he will do with but also
because you have some back doors you're
making falls of better hands. So I think
it's like at least in my point of view
and a standard play and
&gt;&gt; would you like range se bet this board
or you're just see betting because with
your candidate specifically it's a good
hand to bet.
&gt;&gt; I would say I won't see range because
the seven is not a really good car for
my range and also in non rake games I
think he might be defending too many 7x
offsuit that I don't open. So not cate
range at least against I would ra but
having a slightly high seed to the small
size I think is my strategy here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's a great great great candidate.
You face a race.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So now we face a small size
race which I think is completely okay
against this opponent. Um, I got to say
I have some not the reads but
information about this opponent before
playing this hand where I thought he was
probably
or at least this was my mental uh state
in the during the hand he was just
racing
so a little bit wider in this spot.
So I decide to sweep it in this uh time
which nowadays I don't like uh because I
think my hand is really
bad at this moment to three bet like the
characteristic of these hands of
civering now are the opposites because
I'm if I want to three bet the flop as a
bluff I'm blocking some of their folds
like he's can be bluff racing with kx
or a queen x of per hearts, 8x of clubs,
and I have those hands, those cards in
my hand, sorry. And he's not probably a
a really good candidate to choose. But
if the opponent is just racing too much
wider, which I thought he was, I don't
mind having more private in my range if
he's just full of bluffs.
However, I would choose right now like
probably the queen x of spades. uh quite
better than my hand.
&gt;&gt; But I but I like your thinking. Like you
first you you profile your opponent. You
think he's overdoing it. Yeah. When you
think it's overdoing it, let's just uh
fire back, right? If you run like some
notes, obviously handistics are very
important, right? When the equilibrium
is close, but as soon as people get out
of line, you can also get out of line.
So yeah, I I I appreciate that you just
made a read in a moment and just decided
you're out of line, so I'm going to go
out of line. I like that. Uh he does
actually call.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So basically I would say
it's not a bad turn for my range because
he will have in my opinion more A9 that
I have. He has a an offshoot in the
range and I don't um and he is going to
be racing more A9 that I'm going to
three bet. So I think I have to I have
to be really careful on this turn by my
betting strategy. I probably need to
check a lot and bet quite big if
theoretically speaking. I think my only
side here will be like three quarters or
almost spot. And I think here I probably
made a mistake in game by checking this
hand. I think if I had a if I want to
have one bluff or few bluffs on this
spot, probably my hand is one of the
best ones. I have the queen of hearts
that might helps me bluff some rivers
and I block some 89 and I also have one
hand that cannot call the turn. However,
in game I thought he had no full equity
here because I think when he had some
bluffs on the flop I think by threeing
them my hand I make them fold. And here
I could maybe only get full pocket
fives, pocket six, sixes, pocket four
that raise the flop and call. I don't
think this guy was folding any 10 or any
jack and against a seven I almost draw
in dead. So I decide to just have no
bluffs here and check my hand. That was
my main process.
&gt;&gt; I like it. You gave both kind of the
theoretical and the more and a more
applicable exploitative type of
approach. Yeah, I I definitely agree.
Especially if he has a 10, it's probably
10 n 108. Definitely not folding.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, I think I think betting here
would be effective if he folds a hand
like queen jack or king jack, but he's
obviously not folding jack 10 or jack
nine or jack eight if he if he raised
that. Uh so yeah, I and probably jack
10, jack nine and stuff are probably a
higher race frequency. So yeah, I uh I
agree with your play. He you check in,
you get the free card
&gt;&gt; and we [ __ ] something. So that's good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Basically, regarding the turn, I
think I have no equity because I think
in theory he he should fold any some
jackex and this guy or maybe the meta is
not folding too many. So that's why I
check and then the river. Yeah, I hit
the topper. I think my hand is almost
best here. I think his range is mostly
composed of 10x as you said previously
1089 and some jackex. So I think I have
a clear value on this river. The only
thing we have to think is the size. So
basically uh because I don't think uh
this opponent or maybe most of the
opponents that I play they will raise
too many jacks on the flop like jack
nine jack eight and I think it will be
more towards 10x. I think his rate his
range or that's what I thought in during
my play was mainly composed of 10x. This
is the the most common hand that he will
have when he raise the flop and checks
the turn because some of the jackex
might bet a small size or big size on
the turn. So I think I choose the right
size on the river. I'm happy with that.
I make one/3 I think block which also
induce some bluffs and I think this guy
and the overall common poker meta is
able to bluff as a race here with 108 10
n and if he has some jack eight and jack
n and they will have no enough values in
that line to cover those
okay bluffs that might sound interesting
to do So
I knew before he raised it that I was
just going to call my hand because
overall my strategy was
I think this spot is mly over bluff. I
block the river my hand looks like weak.
It maybe looks really simple but this is
my this is the thought that I think they
they will have. So basically I just
thought I will have more equity than I
should like more equity than 40% odds in
this spot because I'm don't think they
are going to be shoving king seven or 76
but they will do with 10 eight or 10 n
or this kind of bluffs. Yeah, like the I
block uh I block straits. I block both
type of hands, which yeah, like you
said, it's quite a lot of combos
compared to uh and like you said, the
seven seven six king seven could also
just bet the turn. Uh
&gt;&gt; so um so you kind of induced him here on
the river.
&gt;&gt; Like you said, you already knew you were
going to call before you made the bet.
You were like, "Okay."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think overall
my equity here probably in reality is
like 80% or something. I think I will
call right now any blue cut like all or
the queen.
&gt;&gt; You do make the call. He shows up with
the king jack. What do you think of the
way he played his hand?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it surprised me because I wasn't
thinking about this type of combos. Like
I was thinking about okay he might love
with jack 8 jack 9 10 8 10 9 but if he's
also choosing this kind of blast which
in my opinion is not a really good
candidate because it doesn't it's not
blocking any straits like no one has
king nine here no one has ace king so I
think if you want to have a bluffing
strategy on the river as a race
I think using an eight or a nine is
better. So yeah, um I think I like his
races on the flop. If I was him, I will
just bet the turn because in my opinion,
um
me or all the players won't have the
range as protected as it should on the
turn. So you can bet small or even half
pot on the turn and probably value bet
against some 10x or just for example uh
protect against some of the hands that I
might have like I had this time because
probably I don't know what I will do in
on the turn but I won't call never or
maybe I'll double to raise or I just
fold and probably the last one. So yeah,
I think if I was him, I would just block
the turn. And then on the river,
I think this is magic. But uh I don't
know. You got to think I'm folding
almost 100% to bluff this hand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And yeah, the king king is pretty
bad. I guess you want you to have pocket
kings, which I guess could be a hand you
could play this way or ace jack maybe.
So yeah, like you said, uh the 10 9 or
the 108 probably already enough
combatorically speaking, right? And
probably also just better candidates. So
uh yeah, nice hand. Next one.
&gt;&gt; Uh this one is really funny.
&gt;&gt; You get a race three colors. Squeeze it
up.
Yeah, we basically have I think four
eggs and the open racing is really good
and Ben is really aggressive. Yeah. And
we play a squeeze spot. Uh that has
almost 50 blinds on the flop. Yeah. So
kind of interesting one. Okay. Um I
remember playing that tan and thinking
that uh against three ranges I need to
be really careful about my bluffs here
because what are my values here when I
squeeze? Probably a hand like king queen
maybe it's not good enough to have three
threes of value against those ranges. So
if I'm betting ace king plus or
something like that, I got to be really
careful about how much bluff is I'm
choosing. So probably just bluffing with
queen jack or jack nine if I have it um
exquisite is enough. In addition to
that, h some of the players that are in
the spot
doesn't fall don't fall too much and
probably are not going to fall any blue
catcher in any spot. So I just thought
checking here with my hand
is the best move even though the board
is quite good for my range.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, like I said, I would have probably
intuitively just looking at this, I
would just bet 10% and kind of thin out
the field, right? when it's like king 10
eight rainbow and you're squeezing rates
basically mainly broadways what's like
the worst hand you can have here nines I
guess
&gt;&gt; uh purely from
&gt;&gt; so
&gt;&gt; probably you're right like you can see
but it's really
&gt;&gt; like obviously there's more more players
to go through but in return we can lower
our sizing right that's how I kind of
like with 10% we can put already a lot
of pressure on tapia's pocket sixes and
stuff like that you know uh but yeah I
can definitely see a check as well so it
gets checked around to Venator who goes
for the what is this 25%ish
&gt;&gt; 25%. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 25% bet. What do you make of this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, first I want to say that to
be honest I didn't thought about buring
the 10% on the flop and now that you
said it. I think I buy it. Like I I
think I should have done it. Okay.
Benato, I have a lot of history with
him. Um I also knew him from um other
sites. I know how his style was. So I
think Bentor is over bluffing this spot
massively on the flop because he's a guy
that likes to protect the ranges and he
even might trap here pocket sense. So I
just thought h overall his pre flop um
range doesn't impact here too much. I
think
ace king or ts he just always squeezes
pocket ace he might squeeze so he might
only have 10 eight or king 10 as values
because I think he might check back with
king jack or king nine I don't know what
he's doing with king queen but he might
he might also three bet squeeze out that
so I decide to turn my hand into a bluff
I think against venato range is it can
be even a value because I might get
called by jack nine or queen jack and I
think I also don't want to have any
call in my range because I have two
players behind me. So if I raise here I
can make fold Joe Adams for like queen
nine or sorry king nine or some 10x they
have because they will have like a
sandwich situation which is really
difficult to play in. So yeah, I think
overall if I didn't see it, I I like my
race against this specific player. Uh
probably if there were different kind of
players, my strategy would be different.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like it indeed. The I think it's
good ranging, right? Like the top of his
range is basically pocket eights which
could also sometimes squeeze like you
said king 10 suited and 108 suited few
combos, four combos of of good value. So
then especially if you if you are a
little bit willing to fight for pots you
know then yeah I like
&gt;&gt; is a really really aggressive guy and he
might be over bluffing by forex like he
might have 4x plus as value this is what
&gt;&gt; like that you had as well right you you
saw him previously like protect his
ranges a lot
10 here
&gt;&gt; I think is second
&gt;&gt; I would I would definitely check yeah
because if you think about like the
ranges especially
and they're very pocket pair heavy as
well. So they're basically
&gt;&gt; de.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, and like you block kind of the
the medium the medium hands, right, to
get value from. So yeah, I would I can
see that for sure if you didn't already,
but like I said, you probably already
squeeze pre flop anyway. Turn five.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, close and I wasn't happy
about it for sure. But um I just
realized that um he's never folding on
the flow with the hands that I told you
I was winning at this point. I don't
think he's going to be folding any
values hand like any king because he's
really polarized in my opinion. My
thoughts on this hand was like if I bet
he's going to fold every hand because my
probably my only size will be all in
because he's got less almost half pot
size behind. I could bet like
one fifth of the pot or whatever, but
he's gonna fold all the hands that I
beat him and he's gonna snap call with
my with his value hand. So, I just
decide to check. Let's see if he gives
me a free river card or he just bets
again. when he bets again uh I just
thought okay I can fold at this point
because Ben is able of bluffing this
pond with the hand I told you before he
might even have my hand or some ace
queen sometimes. Uh, however, I think if
I trust my read on the flop that he was
mostly over bluffing with some equity
hands and that he probably might call
the flop. My only question is here,
should I call or should I just shove all
in as a kind of value? Okay, of course
I'm getting a snap call by the value
hands, but I can deny the equity of
queen jack or jack nine or I don't know
if he calls the flow with 67. I guess
no. Again, this particular player, I
just decided to just shuffle him, but
it's not like a bluff because I don't
think he's going to fold any better
hands than myself right now. I don't
think if he's with King Jack at this
moment, he's the guy that he's gonna
fold. I thought this moves was the best
way to just materialize my equity
regarding the ranges that I thought he
had.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's I think it's well
spotted. I think it's just a matter of
aggressive guy in a spot where the value
that he's rapping is just so so few. And
like you said, yeah, for example, you
could say, "Oh, well, you beat jack nine
or you beat queen jack, but then we
would have to play call call and you let
him realize your realize your equity."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yeah, I I definitely think
it's uh Yeah, great analysis. He does
indeed make the fold, which, you know,
confirms confirms your read to some
degree. Yeah, I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll never know. Maybe he's not
over bluffing, but I think he's over
bluffing almost any spot. So, I think my
read was probably okay. Not sure. Are
you grinding hard, studying solvers,
reviewing hands, but still not getting
those results that you know you're
capable of. You're putting in the time
and effort, but without clear direction,
that effort does not pay off. That is
why I created the Mechanics leakbuster
program, which is the exact system I
used to make over seven figures playing
online poker and have since taught to
hundreds of students so they could do
the same. Through our league finder
stats and pop-ups, you will gain clarity
on your biggest leaks and tendencies,
insights on how your strategies have
been performing in game, and the impact
variance has had on your results. But
knowing your stats is only the
beginning. In the program, we dig deep
into the root causes behind your leaks
and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve as a poker player.
You'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back and take
your game to the next level, join the
Mechanics Leakbuster program using the
link down below. And for the first month
of enrollment only, you will get access
to weekly group coaching calls with me
and get a chance to win a one-on-one
coaching session in which I personally
review your game. So don't miss out on
this limited opportunity. Join the
mechanics league buster program using
the link down below and looking forward
to seeing you guys in there against the
Mr. One was a flop 45 the winner of the
event we call from the small blind. It's
anti game, right? Yeah, it's big big
anti game. What would you flat here for
example? What's like the adjustments
that you would make here compared to
like the normal game?
&gt;&gt; Well, I yeah, I flat probably all of the
broadways that I don't want to see. H
you can you have to pay all your pocket
pairs here most of the sweet connectors.
So depending on how boflow will react to
the three bit and the four bits I will
be more towards calling or uh three
betting and also I had to take a look at
xmeies because well most of the players
are kind of capping the situations of
strongh in my position. So if he just
thinks I never have a shoving strategy
as a color when I face a squeeze, he can
squeeze so so light. So I will also take
a look about how I feel X Memphis will
be acting in this spot. If he if I feel
he's going to realize that that I'm kind
of capped and he's going to squeeze a
lot, maybe I will not call too many
hands because I feel all of the meta is
really cap here. People are not calling
packet sense, pocket attacks, his queen
in order to just reshelf against the
squeeze. Okay. Yeah, I remember this
hand. Um, Mooflop is a really good
player which also
was adapting really aggressive to my
races. So before explaining why I race,
I want to talk about his civil strategy
here. I'm not quite sure at the moment,
but I know that against small blind call
most of the boards you will have a
polariz you don't want to rain almost
any board. I'm not sure right now of
this one. But if his range Steven here
against my
small blind calling rage, I can have a
lot of races here. And I thought during
this point, he might be overseing. And I
thought my hand was kind of okay to just
try to take the pot right now. And also
can have some uh turns that will win
more equity to my hand to keep bluffing.
He comes over the top.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And he did that uh too many many
things many uh free bets to me at least
three or four of them before this
&gt;&gt; for you. By the way, let me let me add
free bet. Actually, I've gotten this by
multiple players, but especially I
remember him. He he definitely at some
point started to do this quite often.
Yeah, I remember one hand um that we
play small man against big blan. It was
a 10 108 board and he for the flow with
ajac off and I end up folding an eight
and I was like okay this guy doesn't
care about his hand. He just know I'm
full of [ __ ] and he like when two people
are bluffing the the last who bluffs
gets the pot. So in this particular
spot, it can be kind of a let's say ego
thing, but I know he's bluffing. I know
he knows I'm bluffing. So at this point,
I can have in my opinion two options. I
can either call or three bet again. But
the bad thing of calling here in my
opinion is that I can be losing against
some bluffs that warm me. Like he might
have he might be bluffing with ace 10
with the 10 of diamonds here because
I've saw him turning this hand to a
bluff which my opinion this is
completely over bluff. So I decide okay
the last times I just folded and you
always saw the bluff. Maybe this time on
this board I can go for it and make a
free race. I
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah, it's a little clicker, but
exactly what you said, right? In a spot
where both players think you're
bluffing, it's whoever makes the last
click that wins, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He doesn't make the last click. That
would have been next level. If he kicks
and then you click again, then we get
like some uh
&gt;&gt; uh some next level stuff. But I
definitely like your analysis. Actually,
I also remembered a flop three bet of
him specifically where I was like,
"Wait, this hand is like probably if you
start nod locking, it comes in at like
the last 90% or something, you know."
Uh, so yeah,
&gt;&gt; he definitely did didn't care. Kind of
like your queen eight, right? If you
just think someone is out of line,
that's that's the starting point of your
decision-making process, which actually
I think is is pretty good. Um uh
obviously you will then go very wide in
your exploit so you would have to pay a
lot of attention to the meta. Um but I
think I think it's a it's definitely
something that the players can learn
from.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Oh and of course I didn't do this
without information like I did it
because I have previously saw some
showdowns that he was just showing
completely [ __ ] in three he did. So now
I think he will do it again.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I remember like this happened to
me like four times and this is also
something right in the quotequote normal
games you almost never see this like
this this flop trip and it not only him
but it happened to me a couple times and
I remember at some point I took a stance
and I lost the bind.
So that was that was a great time even
though I kind of knew I knew what hand
he had and I was like ah he's probably
not folding but I should probably bluff
this and yeah he didn't he indeed didn't
fold. So, he was bluffing a flop, but
then he improved to three pair. I know
it doesn't exist, but he did improve to
it.
&gt;&gt; And I had fourth pair. So, yeah. Yeah.
Let's Let's try to bluff him off. I
thought bad idea.
&gt;&gt; What a privilege to get an exclusive
firsthand breakdown. If you want to
reach his level and make these plays
yourself, make sure to check out the
full Cash Game World Championship series
we did on the Mechanics of Poker
podcast. links in the description to
parts one, two, and three down below.
Subscribe now and turn notifications on
so you will not miss the next video we
will be dropping with the champ Nikita.
One was a flop