Kind: captions
Language: en
In this video, I will be reviewing some
of the favorite hands I played during
the midst version of the Cash Game World
Championship, where I finished 11th
after playing 50K hands with a whim rate
of 10B 100. And to celebrate and thank
you guys for helping us reach 20K subs
on the channel, I've invited the goat of
poker coaching, Yuri Pal, to give his
perspective on the hands that I've
played. And next to Yuri's evaluation,
I'm also curious what you guys think.
So, leave a comment down below. Rate my
hands one to 10. And remember, if you
like the place, like this video. Let's
go. All right, Yuri. Thank you for
coming on. I'm curious. What have you
been up to lately?
&gt;&gt; Uh, been working on a bunch of projects,
but mostly it's just been summer
holidays with kids. So, messy times.
&gt;&gt; It's a project as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We've just been traveling a
country a lot. Um, and I've been doing
the lab 2.0 O project which is like a
training site on upswing. There is a
collaboration with Owen. I think he said
he mentioned that one uh on your stream
earlier. We're doing like a half CFP
half uh precf course where people can
sign up for something short-term for
money rather than profit share. Um and
it's it's a bit more open than the CFP
due to that. So those are the two poker
projects I've been
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I know you reject a lot of
people, right? So you kind of know
created something to stop rejecting
people basically. So everyone can work
with you.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I Well, that that that was the
idea that there were so many people who
who want to work with us, but the CFP
model doesn't work for most people who
&gt;&gt; for various reasons, whether the the
stakes, the bankroll, the time
commitment. So, Yuri, you're going to
review some of my hands that I played
during the Qashqin World Championship.
Here's the idea. I'll replay the hands.
You give your thoughts as we go and then
I'll clarify my thought process wherever
you need me. And at the end, I want your
honest verdict. 1 to 10. Sounds good.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Baba S opens from the cutoff with three
bet, king, jack of spades from the small
blind. So far, I think so. So, fine. So,
standard. He calls. Maybe a little extra
information on this guy. Very loose kind
of splashy like I and also we're playing
ante. I I I play I I played the spot a
bit more like it's small black button.
Uh because he was just very loose. So
that's kind of how I played out the hand
in my head. Basically, we're small black
button even though it's small cut off.
But I think the ranges are more like
small by button. All right. So is he
loose because he's a bit of a
recreational or is he kind of a playing
well but pushes the ranges a bit.
&gt;&gt; So actually apparently he he used to be
a a high stakes poker player but then he
kind of stopped. So he kind of knew what
he was doing
not not a recreational but he was
playing this recreationally but he used
to be a professional. So like
&gt;&gt; perfect loose especially
not not the strongest theory
fundament you know just often just
winging it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So so when you get this board I I
always divide boards into a few
different types for what I want to do
and this feels like one where
you can't bet everything right. It it
kind of hits your opponent a bit too
hard. Were you playing small blind flats
or not really? Yes, because it was uh
anti, right? So there was three of
doors, $4 in the middle. So yeah, I
would definitely play a good amount of
flats here.
&gt;&gt; So So you you I I assume you don't pure
three bet eights and nines for example,
right? Those are doing a decent bit.
&gt;&gt; Like sixes, sevens, uh things like
eight, seven suited, seven, six suited
would also be in my flatting range.
&gt;&gt; And then sixes would probably mainly be
my flatting range. Knights I could
sometimes three, but especially versus
him.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So in terms of the, you know, I
always like to think of range as
symmetries. So his his range has a
portion that hits this board that your
range probably doesn't. You have aces,
kings, queens. He has like nines, eight
sixes. And then yeah, we probably are
supposed to do something between
checking all the time and and checking
half the time. I'm not sure where
exactly you'd land. And then king jack
of spades. On the one hand, it could go
either way, but it feels like a hand
with a strong betting preference. I I
think these hands that have really nice
back doors, but they're not good enough
to check all a bet are one of the first
hands to make it into a betting range.
So, if you have king 10 of spades, you
can check call. If you have ace king of
spades, maybe you can check call. But
when you have king jack of spades, it's
like back door straight draw, back door
flush, draw two over cards. You have to
check fold. So I I think you just bat
your hand.
&gt;&gt; All right. Actually, I I I actually like
uh when you were talking, I was also
think the king 10. That's sort of a
better hand. I I would actually prefer
checking king 10 because I don't really
want to bet and get raised. Feels kind
of stupid, right? So with so with this
hand, it's like you bet and you raise,
you fold. I actually went for the check.
Actually, I thought he was going to stab
one third quite often. I was actually
not planning on folding. Two overs back
to straight draw, back to flush draw.
Uh, so maybe there in terms of you know
it's one/3. Yeah, perfect.
&gt;&gt; I I think that's going to be most
common. Let me see. I checked.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he indeed bet one/3. I kind of
agree with you. I kind of felt like this
hand could bet, could check, call, could
check raise, could do basically
anything. I kind of fought in game, but
I definitely think that king 10 betting
uh yeah is is not a great idea.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
So you check. I actually went for the
check race.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nice. I like it. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so far so far we're we're on
board. I like it. Uh I also like a bet.
I think I think both options are fine.
Filling calls
turn is D8. So full rainbow eight. So
all your back door flush draws miss
going to be a bit
right. You need to be very board aware
to find the bluffs on the turn. I think
this is one where I assume
like you're banking on turning some
equity when you check raise bluff and
this is having it be both an eight and a
diamond is like the least amount of
equity you can turn with air. So I I
think your hand probably gets to bluff
some of the time if you want to. What do
you think?
&gt;&gt; I think
I don't know. It's it's a bit like you
block some of the jack queen that you
probably want him to fold. You do also
block jacks, king seven. I I I in game
kind of saw this eight turn and I kind
of was like, okay, like basically like I
said, none of my bluffs really improved.
Uh I feel like also if I check, he's
going to reopen the action quite often,
right? Because he he benefits a lot from
protection from like two overs that I
checked. So in game, I thought this was
just mainly going to be a check for me.
Uh did not really consider betting. I
guess if I bet like I could have also
check race maybe like A7 or at least
something with equity. Um
yeah, that that's kind of what I
thought. Betting this hand didn't really
go through my mind. Let's say I had
maybe I had like Ace5 or something. I
might like betting because then at least
I sometimes also get called by Jack 10
for example or Jack Queen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I I haven't researched it,
right? These aren't lines I'm familiar
with, but I I think it it probably makes
some low frequency bet when it when it's
the full rainbow turn, but yeah, that
not not too important.
&gt;&gt; You prefer betting this. So, let's say
we did go for the check raise with king
10. Uh you prefer checking now king 10
for the same reason. Basically, he's
usually going to black bet small again,
I would say. Then we can check call, but
king jack can't. And also, if we bet any
gems, you know, we can just bet bet fold
king jack. So, you prefer to construct
your betting range around your strong
value and like nothing instead of
betting equity with this low SPR.
Uh, well, against a lot of guys, yeah,
the second that he's stabbing small,
then yeah, you just take jack 10, check,
A7, check, call, get to the river, and
just bluff your king, queen, king, jack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I kind of saw this turn was
like, okay, he improves, we didn't. I I
just start from check and go from there.
So,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; with basically most of my range.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; like also the eight's very fable for
him. Like queen eight suited, king eight
suited, 87 suited. He already had the
sets that we talked about. And like I
said, I think he's just going to reopen
the action quite often, right? If you
have
&gt;&gt; 910 here or pocket sevens, it feels
quite tempting to just especially how
most humans would play. I would say the
betting range the checking range is
going to be a little bit uh unprotected
usually incentivizing you to do more
blocking.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So uh he goes indeed for the block
&gt;&gt; and you fold.
&gt;&gt; If I folded this hand would not be in
here.
&gt;&gt; No, you have to fold. Come on.
&gt;&gt; You think you have to fold? Like to go
back to my initial read guy quite loose
spazzy. So for example, I gave him jack
10 offsuit here or jack queen offuit,
queen 10 offsuit. Uh there's the there's
the king seven suited, the A7 suited,
the A5 suited. Oh wait, actually I don't
beat that. Let me maybe important to
clarify. Uh but I was mainly fixating on
like okay sets. I mean what are sets?
Six combos or something bit more eight
seven like it's always suited. So when
the offshoot hands miss like a I still
beat all the offsuit hands like jack
queen off alone that's already what 12
combos right uh or jack queen in general
&gt;&gt; he's that loose that he would he would
call the three bet with jack 10 off
queen jack
&gt;&gt; especially with anti like I said I'm
playing this button small blind
basically
&gt;&gt; he can still have king 10
&gt;&gt; um wait are are you check raising or
check calling?
&gt;&gt; No I decided to check call and kind of
see what develops. I figured, you know,
for this price, 15% wide range. Like I
said, the value is usually suited hands
and the bluffs are offsuit hands. So
yeah, combatorically speaking, it's very
easy to over bluff, if that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; so you know, I figured I call and kind
of re-evaluate the situation. Uh,
river ace.
Um, a great card for you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sort of. No, I mean it's a great
card for your plan because he's not
going to hit it and he's not going to
value bet then. So say he had jacks, he
probably checks back, tens checks back,
10 nine checks back. So now he becomes
very very polar on the ace.
&gt;&gt; Are you going to check the meeting or
you just check?
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm torn between how how do we even
have king jack here on the one hand? So
I'm I'm torn between the theory and the
practice of the spot. I I would say in
practice if you got here with king jack
I just check um
&gt;&gt; okay we agree on that
&gt;&gt; in theory you probably you probably can
lead the ace in theory but yeah I
wouldn't go for that here so so are you
forced to now call are you able to count
the combos in game and be like jack 10
queen jack queen 10 okay that's infinite
combos I don't even need to count easy
call is is that like how how you
approach this
&gt;&gt; that that was that was basically how I
approached this pot and I think you
mentioned very important in his head
earlier. I love the ace
&gt;&gt; because it slow it slows him down with
tens and jacks or queen nine, king nine,
stuff like that. Actually, it was funny
because he he he he sort of saw this
hand and he was like, "What the [ __ ] is
this spew?" And then actually later on
stream, I kind of explained it to him. I
said I asked him, "Are you value betting
queen nine?" He said, "No, of course
not." Like, "Oh, okay. Well, if you
basically have sixes, nines, and eight,
which is only suited, and I'll also
reduce, right, with the ace. And if
basically the thinnest value bet you
have is A7, and you have just a sprinkle
of queen jack offsuit. Yeah, I mean, 24%
needed, a pretty easy call. That's how I
saw it.
&gt;&gt; Um, I'm I'm really happy I don't see
results. Um, so if if I were to grade
this hand, I want to grade it before
seeing the result.
I would say
um 10 out of 10 creativity. I think 10
out of 10 flexibility
kind of what this shows about you as a
poker player is is is very very strong.
I think most people are not this much
outside the box and and into the weeds
of the hand where they check call king
high on the turn in a three bet pot. So
uh in terms of practically speaking I I
think the turn call is pushing it a bit
much. I I would have wanted to see you
fold there. I think if you kind of
equalab his full range on a turn,
including the fact that maybe this guy
stabs fours, maybe he stabs ace 10,
maybe stabs ace jack, maybe floated king
queen with a back door. Like there's
stuff in there. Um I I think I would
have still liked to see you fold turn,
but but I love the hand. I really love
the hand and I I could be wrong about
turn. Like I'm not I'm not confident
about it. Yeah, I I I I'm I'm also I'm
also not 100% sure, but this was kind of
how I saw the spot in game. Uh so your
final verdict, you gave you started I
heard you started you you started very
nicely. 10 out of 10 this 10 out of 10
this. I was like here it comes a five
out of 10 in the end. So the final
verdict
&gt;&gt; no I' I'd say eight eight out of 10
&gt;&gt; or eight out of 10. Did make the call.
He showed up with jack eight which is
you know what it confirms my pretty
loose pre flop read which I think kind
of reinforced the hand and as long I
think as long as he doesn't show up
where you were jacks or tense uh I think
my hand is uh I think my hand is well
played and like I said I asked him
afterwards would you jam queen nine he
said no of course not okay well then
then I'm happy.
&gt;&gt; Do you think he would jam queen jack on
the river?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Or would he ever give up? No, I don't I
don't think he he's the type he's not
the type to give up. Like I said, I
think I think the read on villain in
this hand is also pretty pretty
important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Nice hand. I like it.
&gt;&gt; Next hand. So, undergone opens mimra
full source and a big blind. Jack of
hearts. I would sometimes three bet this
but versus the mimra
from fine calling as well.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Check. Finn bets half pot guess first
decision point.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Call
&gt;&gt; calm.
&gt;&gt; I think this hand calls. It's Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I would I would check raise like
10 nine of hearts for example. I usually
use like the the 10 nine and the 10.
That's that's kind of my would be
roughly my horistic. Everything in the
middle I skip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's good.
&gt;&gt; Turn four. You know you know I always
look for leads. Do you think we have
some leads here? I didn't know you
always look for leads. Uh yeah, I think
four is a it's a good card for you. If
you want to lead it, you could. I
wouldn't look to lead specifically your
hand, though.
&gt;&gt; I we we we agree 100%.
Check. F checks behind. River is a
deuce.
&gt;&gt; Now your hand, right? You need to put it
into one of the slots. Do you check call
uh or do you bet? And then which size? I
I have a feeling this is worth about one
and a half x pot, but it's close. Maybe
it's a bit like B75. It's probably
somewhere in between. It does make sense
to to check some tens to stop him from
freely betting sixes through nines.
Um but that's more if he goes one/3 on
the flop, right? When he goes more half
pot, there's less sixes through nines in
his range. and then you just bet out
yourself. So
yeah, I I guess B75.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I like that. I think on the
turn I think over bets definitely
pushing it for under the gun. I think
like the the fact that we considered
some leads on the turn with some hands
kind of says that we improved, right? So
I think if he has hands like queen 10,
king 10, he's probably supposed to slow
down
&gt;&gt; on the turn.
&gt;&gt; So I think I think if we bet over bet, I
think it's going to be too much. Check
and juicing. I would like let's say we
have uh a hand like 10 six for example
10 six suited maybe checking I think
that hand would be nicer uh specifically
like 10 sixes spades or something you
know blocking like some five six that he
could call what now checks back same
with sixes uh and like unblocking more
of the jack queen off for example that
he could start bluffing now or jack king
jack off stuff like that so I think I
think checking 10 six or something makes
sense uh I think I blocked which I agree
with you is not necessarily
the hand strength or the size of that
this hand wants to bet. I think like
half pot 3/4ers that's kind of where I
estimated it in game first but bot and I
would always bet bigger I guess I was
maybe a bit too gave him a bit more
strong checks but even then look at this
now I think half bot would have probably
been better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think this is a bit too
small.
He raises.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's surprising.
&gt;&gt; Is it though? I mean, like I said, I
think on the four, he could definitely
he should definitely slow down with some
king tens, queen tens, maybe even pocket
kings some some of the time or pocket
queens. Probably not full bets on this
tour.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I always try to think uh would
the player find bluffs as well? Are
there any hands that scream out at you
bluff with me that are in his range? Not
sure this board has a lot of those. So
you're you're you're meaning blockers
&gt;&gt; basically hands that naturally like oh I
block this so therefore I raise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like when there's a flush on a
board you have the a bunch of hands with
a flush blocker that that are tempting
to raise. When it's a full rainbow board
and a pair on the river and the entire
board is low. I guess if he has
something like a king queen maybe think
so. King 10 queen 10. Let's raise this
as a as a bluff. And then
um
yeah, your hand I mean since you went
one/3
and you do have a 10 and his value range
like you said is has a 10 sometimes as
well. It feels like kind of a theory
call, right? Like if you have eights
maybe mix. if you have Jack T call.
Um,
but if you're posting this hand, I
imagine you're going all in. Is is that
correct?
&gt;&gt; Strong reads.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I
Yeah, I had a feeling if it's just that
and face arrays and then we wouldn't be
talking about it. So, here uh I'm kind
of walking through it. You could have
pocket fours, Ace3 suited, Ace2 suited,
maybe Ace3 off a do soft given any min
raised and it's no rake, right? So
fairly wide value range. And when you do
this, uh, he's going to have to
mix in calls with hands like king 10,
ace 10. So I' I'd imagine if you have a
clean image, there's a decent chance.
And I I had a conversation about this
today with someone, how you can think of
poker players, some poker players are
not sitting down at the table intending
to put in their entire stack with a
bluff catcher. That's not why they came
to play.
Um some players it's the exact opposite,
right? That is exactly why they came to
play. They're looking forwards to it.
And I think in the coin poker challenge
you get more of the second type. Would
you agree?
&gt;&gt; Yes, I would.
&gt;&gt; It's like it's a challenge. It's it's a
competition
&gt;&gt; actually. You're mentioning something
very important like you know I I see
improving as poker as you have very
elements various elements right that you
should improve in. One of the most
important things I always uh I always
tell people is whatever pool you play
you have to make that read the exact
read that you said is this a guy who
came to play poker to fold or is it guy
who can play poker to call? Because I
had a friend of mine who always said,
"Listen, poker's quite simple. People,
they wake up, they go out of bed. If
he's a station today, he's going to
station. And if he's a folder, he's
going to fold. And you just need to know
who is who." And then exploit correctly.
That that's literally what he said. He
says, "And you know, it's not like a guy
who's a huge station one day is just
going to wake up and be like, "Today I'm
not going to station." That's just not
how it works. Uh Harry Poker, not a
station.
&gt;&gt; Not a really really. So that's I would
have thought everyone here is a station.
It's the championship, right? You don't
beat the
&gt;&gt; No. So this is I I agree with you as a
general pool tendency.
&gt;&gt; As a general pool tendency, that was
definitely true. But like I said, I'm
saying to other students that this is
very important. So I kind of did the
same. I tried to identify very quickly.
Okay, who seems to be on the nittier
side? Uh this guy definitely seemed to
be or at least not I didn't have intact
as like a station. So I guess either
he's folding or he calls you and shows
pocket aces.
&gt;&gt; I think pocket aces would naturally
barrel the turn because it just picks up
more equity, right? With the three. I
just think also in these type of spots
usually when you block three bet you
kind of grab your strongest hand. I
think the strongest hand that he could
have is tense, right? I think that's
kind of a primary
check turn because kind of you block all
the hands to get calls from. Um
&gt;&gt; nothing
&gt;&gt; like like you said in the river, I think
we have H3 off, 36 off. like we carry a
lot of value uh which makes a lot of
sense as well in this line and yeah I
just don't see him calling sometimes
with king 10 or queen 10 uh sup and he's
super capped I block I block the
strongest hand that he can have I don't
block any of the kings or stuff because
I think jacks is like your primary
barrel if you're going to check over
pars is probably kings not jacks so I
thought okay I block I block the block
the nuts that he can have don't block
any of the bet folds uh I wrap a very
credible story I have a lot value. Uh in
order for him to to make this bluff not
profitable, he has to probably call like
you said quite some king 10, queen 10.
Uh don't see it happening.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So I I I would say nine out of 10.
You lose one point for betting one/3 on
the river with your hand.
&gt;&gt; Fair point. To be fair else couldn't
have happened.
&gt;&gt; Uh but but I agree with you. Uh um overb
would have definitely pushed first first
under gun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Any does that add any points?
&gt;&gt; Nine and a half out of 10. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Are you grinding hard, studying
solvers, reviewing hands, but still not
getting those results that you know
you're capable of. You're putting in the
time and effort, but without clear
direction, that effort does not pay off.
That is why I created the mechanics
leakbuster program, which is the exact
system I used to make over seven figures
playing online poker and have since
taught to hundreds of students so they
could do the same. Through our league
finder stats and pop-ups, you will gain
clarity on your biggest leagues and
tendencies, insights on how your
strategies have been performing in game,
and the impact variance has had on your
results. But knowing your stats is only
the beginning. In the program, we dig
deep into the root causes behind your
leaks and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve. As a poker player,
you'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break, and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back and take
your game to the next level, join the
mechanics leakbuster program using the
link down below. And for the first month
of enrollment only, you will get access
to weekly group coaching calls with me
and get a chance to win a one-on-one
coaching session in which I personally
review your game. So, don't miss out on
this limited opportunity. Join the
mechanics league buster program using
the link down below and looking forward
to seeing you guys in there. So, we're
in the big blind.
The lowjack opens for a minish. We
defend 87 offshoot. Seems fine. Going to
be defending very wide. No, no rake,
right? And basically a mim race
check and bet bats one/3 just call
like in general if I want to check raise
87 I prefer to like the sort of
randomize I use that I at least want to
have a suit on the board and I have the
seven of clubs so that by by definition
already I'm like okay well
&gt;&gt; this one I will always play passively.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
turn is a seven.
&gt;&gt; Oh I I can see it coming. You were the
fortune teller.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, he he bets $32 and you
check raise to 135.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I like Would you like that?
&gt;&gt; Again, it's player dependent, but yeah,
I think I like it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I went for the I started with a
turn dunk.
&gt;&gt; I figured that, you know, I think this
turn improves us a lot. Uh we can have
97 offsuit, we can have 68 offsuit, we
can have jacket offsuit. like it just
improves a lot and his like ace queen
ace king type of region really doesn't.
I think it's also a turn that he's
probably going to pot control quite a
lot on. So I think a lot of hands just
makes sense to want to at least put some
money in. And I think this hand is fine.
Kind of it benefits from like set some
protections some value. Perfect. Looks
good.
&gt;&gt; He raises now. You wanted the check
race, so I went for the funky check race
basically. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Do you think this is different than a
check race or because it's basically I
usually see it as sort of the same
thing.
&gt;&gt; It it it's an interesting spot because
if you did this against me, I'm just
talking gut feeling.
I would tell myself a different story
than had you check raised. Like to me
the
the chance that this is a bluff is
somehow higher to me. M don't know if
that's moreive to lead out something
like 98 or jack nine than it is to lead
out the nuts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I have a feeling people with the
nuts don't want to bet quarter pot and
have ace king fold.
&gt;&gt; I think ace king is
&gt;&gt; or have ace4 fold. Yeah, I mean they
they're not interested in a quarter pot.
That's more if you kind of think what
benefits from a quarter pot lead.
There's a bunch of hands in there. The
nuts is is not really one of them. Uh
and so I I feel like
my intuition would say had you check
raised, I'd have no clue and and I'd
give you a lot of credit. When you lead
out and then three bet, I I'd probably
put you is a bit more bluff heavy.
&gt;&gt; It's very correct for you or not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah, it's very I mean, all
all that matters is the interpretation
from the other guy's perspective, right?
So, basically, I should do this more
value. Like, I would personally just
lead out this card a lot, but like I
said earlier, I'm just very very much I
think my dog bed frequencies uh in this
challenge were uh kind of through the
roof. I think probably that I even
outdone Stefan, I think, in in in most
situations on all streets. So, if if you
do that, then uh then you're definitely
in the donkey camp. So I would
personally just lead this card a lot
like also with the jack eights with the
68s. I just think it's it's just a card
that's good to invest a little bit money
and I feel like it's kind of it's the
same as checking but since it's a good
card for me it's checking with it's sort
of checking with extra equity and like I
get a little bit more denial. I get
value from the hands that would
otherwise check back. So that's kind of
how I would see the spot. But obviously
then if we decide to want to three bet
more bluff heavier value he have that is
way more dependent on so the turn lead I
can just play quote quote GTO
uh and then if I want to come over the
top that's more based on perception.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So so your hand like when you
check raise your hand a lot of guys
don't even have the theoretical
knowledge to find the check raise bluffs
on this board. And so I I think you get
given especially people don't know this
is you you might get a bit of extra
credit because to to find enough check
raise bluffs on the turn you need to
have some 78 jack 9 98 76 like you need
to go with a pair hand and a lot of guys
would default to calling that. So if you
check raised on the turn yeah it it's
but this is just my mind. I I don't
think you need to to pretend to play
against me. I I think your your play so
far I'm with you. I like the play.
&gt;&gt; Um and this puts pressure. Yeah. Just
for the viewers, the idea is he has
hands like aces, kings, queens, jacks,
jack 10, ace 10, all of those hands that
he wants to reopen them, but they're
seriously behind our top range. And so
there's this
pushpull battle, right, with how many of
those he gets to raise versus your donk.
And you punish that by three bet
bluffing and three betting value.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And even like like let's say you
have kings in the spot. Yeah. It's
pretty gross because like even my bluffs
they will probably carry a lot of equity
like like I'm picking now 78 78 have
quite a lot of equity and then your
debts against uh against the big the
actual value part like the 68s and the
jack eights which I like because like I
said with the membrane no rake going to
be very wide in the big blind. he calls.
Uh still a chance that he could actually
have maybe king jack or ace8 suited or
flush. So sometimes maybe even even a
hat. Um just saying.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. River queen.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um so like you said, sometimes
you're ahead. Queen of course you're
ahead a lot less. You still like I I
could pick a few combos you beat, right?
There's ace ace8 of hearts, ace4 of
hearts, ace jack of hearts, ace king of
hearts or combos you could have that you
beat, but
it it starts getting pretty thin to find
those and
I would assume that your hand wants to
do a decent bit of shoving on the river
once your value gets counterfeited. I'd
say theory it's probably mixing and
shoving.
Uh but definitely fine to shove. And
again, he's going to get here with a
bunch of hands that
right that that the issue he runs into
here is he's going to have to bluff
catch and he might not want to do that,
right? He's going to sometimes have to
flick in a call
with his queen jack, his pocket kings,
his pocket jacks, whatever. like pocket
jacks I'd imagine has to maybe almost
always call. Just an uncomfortable spot
to be in. And I think a lot of guys in
the midstakes challenge are not
recognizing
what they're supposed to do here. Which
is why I like your play. You're putting
him in a spot where if he hasn't
studied, he's just going to look at Jax
and be like, "Oh, [ __ ] fold."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Pretty pretty dangerous there.
There's a lot out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I Yeah. I'
I'd give you a 10 out of 10 for this
one.
&gt;&gt; 10 out of 10.
&gt;&gt; You don't even care what what he calls
with or you know if he calls, if he
folds, you can just give it a 10 out of
10. I like it.
&gt;&gt; Well, may maybe I get points deducted
after we see the showdown because I
think I think he was in the Yuri camp.
He was like, "Yeah, I'm I'm not buying
it. The board is quite dangerous, but
I'm not buying it."
&gt;&gt; He called me with a heart.
&gt;&gt; Um pretty pretty optimistic in my
opinion on the queen. like if he did it
on something else. Uh but the queen like
let's say I had king jack or queen jack.
I now improved like he really has to put
me on this like jack nine. Like I
personally wouldn't do it with jack nine
but uh yeah like a 98 or 78. Those would
probably be my favorite combos to do
this line with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, agreed. He has to he has to put
you on those. But I mean I guess he did.
So
&gt;&gt; he did and he was right. Yeah, that's uh
so so let me ask you once he makes this
call
uh what note are you taking whether you
write it down or mentally like what what
do you think about this guy going
forward?
wrong customer. But uh no, so on on on a
serious note, like definitely actually
he was I think he was also up quite a
lot. Uh and Owen told me you should
bluff people in the middle of the pack,
not not doing well or doing very bad. Uh
so maybe I should have known that
before. But in general, like a guy that
perceives like I remember I noted his
hand that he just has a very specific uh
uh perception or he kind of notes you. I
think he's a guy who can make very good
hero faults and then very good hero
calls uh
&gt;&gt; based on kind of what I'm seeing here
&gt;&gt; based on how how how value heavy he
thinks I'm repping right so there I
think there could be lines where he
gives a lot of credit he's like oh
people always pay value this way so he
can fold his range or there's a line
where he's like okay people are just
[ __ ] around in this line never have
value so I always call
&gt;&gt; he's definitely not in a camp that's
going to call correctly I think in terms
of like oh I have to call X percentage
of the time though. He's like, "You're
you're full of it. I call everything."
Or, "Okay, you probably have it. I fold
everything."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's an interesting spot to
call down in. I'm I'm definitely
surprised. But yeah, you you still got
the 10 out of 10 for me.
&gt;&gt; Nice. We open under the gun
and three bets. Aggressive guy. This is
like your classic kind of cash game
world championship profile.
We call pocket sevens. Uh, I think it's
fine so far.
Check.
&gt;&gt; Fill in bets 40%.
&gt;&gt; I think it's just call.
&gt;&gt; Okay, just call. I think it's fine. If I
had sixes with a heart, I would consider
maybe like throwing in some check raises
like being able to turn some some
gutters, but I think sevens. Yeah, just
calling is fine.
Check
bet.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I guess I would fold.
Are you supposed to call your hand
sometimes?
When you say supposed to call, do you
mean like do I think it's a call in
equilibrium or do I think I I just have
a profitable call? Right. There's
there's two ways you can look at poker.
You can think, okay, do I have to defend
this hand from like a theory perspective
or can I call this hand because I think
it's plusive?
&gt;&gt; You know what? A as you say that I'm
kind of zoning in on the sizes
and te tell me if this is what happens
for you. So there's
there's what would be geometric sizing
here and he's actually betting bigger
than that, right? Like he's betting over
2/3
and on the river there's going to be
less than 2/3. Is that correct or or am
I off?
Yeah, I think he's like 3/4ish.
He bets 40%, now goes. Yeah, but I I I
agree. It's not completely
&gt;&gt; It's a It's a bit too big. It's a bit
too big, right?
&gt;&gt; It's a bit bigger than if you would
press the 2E button.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, and does coin poker have a 2E
button?
&gt;&gt; No, but the Jurro Jin has, right? And
all these mids grinders, they probably
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; makes life very comfortable. I can tell
you that. saves you a lot of brain power
to calculate stuff.
&gt;&gt; So, so I I guess when I see a size
that's inappropriate, I always try to
put in a few things together. And one of
the things I can see is that the board
texture looks very very dry. So I
imagine if he has aces, kings, queens.
This is not some double flush draw
connected board where you size up. A lot
of your equity is very static.
And so the main hands that would have
motivation to size up would be bluffs.
So is is that where you were here with
sevens?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; I'm trying to deconstruct that. No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. So actually
usually I agree with you. Especially you
said something very important, right?
When I see someone use sizing that's
quote quote not a thing, I'm trying to
ask myself, okay, why would what would
have incentivized you to do that? Here I
didn't read much too much into it. Sure,
it's not exactly 2E, but I I just
thought, okay,
&gt;&gt; yeah, he's like, okay, barrel's like a
quotequote normal sizing. I think if we
fold all our pairs here, like the
problem usually in this kind of spots,
right, the pocket pair is a very big
proportion of your range. Um, and
therefore, if you people actually make a
lot of mistakes with them, usually in
this type of spots, people over call,
flop, overfall, turn. That's kind of the
the main mistake that I usually see
people make in this formation. Uh but
then I was thinking if you think about
so I I thought okay I cannot just fold
all my pairs that would probably and I'm
just left with what suited Jackax to
defend I'm massively overfolding. So
then I thought okay well sixes if you
look at all my pairs sixes sevens eights
nines obviously set and tens. I was like
hm if I can pick a pair to defend it's
definitely better than eights eights
eights uh you know against queen 10 that
would not be great. I block some of the
bluffs like 108 suited maybe stuff like
that. Same with sixes. I think sixes,
you know, just has less equity. He could
maybe barrel like 65 suited sometime. Uh
if I have 10, that's where I was kind of
torn like, okay, tense does have a bit
more equity, right? But it reduces a
significant amount of his bluffs. Also,
if you look at the texture, all the
bluffs are out there. Ace4, 67, 78,
queen 10, queen. I think it's just very
easy for him to overdo it. Uh, and I
think from all the pairs that I have, I
kind of have like the cleanest pair to
defend in terms of if I improve and
unblocking all the bluffs. So, I figured
seven's probably still good to call. Uh,
and it's just so easy like if you just
only pick the natural bluffs, which are
let's say a gutter. Well, there's
there's a lot of gutters on D five jack
nine, right? So, I usually like to look
at spots where you defend. Is it easy
for Vid to overshoot or undershoot? And
for me, this is a spot where like
probably easy for him to overshoot even
like let's say he has ace king, ace
queen, just no equity and he has a heart
with it or something very viable for him
to to figure to draw the barrel. I put a
lot of pressure on this on his pocket
pairs and I think I think it's a good
play from him. Uh I think you know
pocket pairs is just very big proportion
of the ranges especially here in no
rake. Uh that I think in a vacuum this
is going to be very prof profitable
barrel. Um, so yeah, that that's
basically why I decided to call for like
easy frame to overshoot and from the
best that I can choose from, this is
probably the best.
&gt;&gt; And then you're going to any rivers
you're planning to call or fold.
&gt;&gt; Uh, yes. Let's reevaluate. Uh, I'm an
optimistic poker player. I also think
sometimes I hit a seven and a win a
stack, right? We should not we should
not uh uh uh think about that. But River
is very kind of dependent on like Yeah.
you know, timing, uh, which river kind
of it's got to be a bit more. Obviously,
there's some very, and I'm not saying
I'm very happy in this spot, right? Uh,
because obviously there's some dicey
rivers. Think of a 10, think of a queen,
think of a king. Um, we get an ace kind
of little bit of deja vu check, thin
gems. So, now you have to combo count a
bit, right? That's it's not that
clearcut. to have king queen king 10
queen 10 108
and we don't know if he has those suited
or off suit right probably a pro
probably a mix like I would I would
imagine he he sometimes has them like
usually when I don't know exactly
someone's range I just give it yeah okay
king queen can sometimes flat can
sometimes three bet same with queen t
suited so yeah probably have to give him
some but not all but I usually actually
like um
&gt;&gt; in these type of spots or in general
river bluff catching situations, I
usually like to start with the value.
&gt;&gt; Uh because I feel like if you start
counting values, it's a bit similar to
the king jack, right? If you start
counting value and and you stop at 12 or
something or 16, uh then it's like ah
probably quite easy to overshoot. So
yeah, let's let's start with the value.
What what do you think he's jamming for
value? What would be his like bottom
value jump? Um, so Ace3, Ace4 I feel
like would be the widest you could go.
Um, and then we'd have Ace3 suited, Ace4
suited, Ace King with a heart, ace queen
with a heart, pocket jacks, pocket
nines, pocket aces, something around
that.
&gt;&gt; Pocket jacks, I think, probably checks.
But yeah, for most part you don't expect
queens or kings.
&gt;&gt; Oh, with like kings, kings or queens?
No, I don't think so. No. Do you think
on on the ace he's going to give up
bluffs? Another important consideration,
right? We can find bluffs, but then we
have to always look at kind of okay
likelihood of follow through.
&gt;&gt; I I would guess probably no give ups on
the ace. So,
uh does it feel clear to you catching
with sevens here after we kind of
&gt;&gt; I was pretty happy actually with this
river. Like I usually like these rivers
where people are going to polarize and
they're always going to bluff their
bluffs and given how the turn texture
was very draw heavy and all these draws
miss. So kind of the hands that he
always has and then on the river he's
probably uh uh not going too thin right
because I can I can still have for
example a bunch of ace ax hearts. I can
have ace eight of hearts ace 10 of
hearts. So don't think you can just jam
queens. I can still have jacks myself. I
can have nines. So I don't Yeah,
obviously unless you think I always call
sevens. Uh but that's obviously out
there. But again, like from
&gt;&gt; um yeah, it's I think seven is just a
very clean unblocking type of hand here.
&gt;&gt; Like let's say for example, you have
jack queen or jack 10. Then you block a
all of these king queens again, queen
ts. Sure, you block some value, but I
think I prefer sevens.
&gt;&gt; Ah, interesting. I'll I'll have to I'll
have to note this one and check it
myself. I think the the issue for me is
well this is a question you should ask
yourself because he's actually supposed
to barrel uh A6 A7 A8 a decent bit
himself on the turn and I I guess most
midstakes players are not doing that.
But I think also if you if you look at
the turn uh in spots usually where you
have a lot of draws to pick from and you
don't carry enough value, you cannot bet
them all. And I think this is a spot
where yeah, you you're not not going to
bet queen 10. You're not not going to
bet king queen just for the sake of
remaining balance. You're like, "Oh, he
has a lot of under pairs. I have two
overs. You're you're just going to
barrel." And then when you arrive on the
ace, it's like I didn't I didn't come
come here to now give up on an ace.
That's how I see this situation. Uh,
okay. Yeah. Yeah. I I can see it. I I'm
I'm being very honest. I I can't argue
with you, but my gut feeling about this
one isn't as good as as the previous
ones. We're going to grade the hand.
Let's say I'll I'll give you an eight
out of 10 if you lose and a 10 out of 10
if you win. To not be too results
oriented.
&gt;&gt; Kind of also depends kind of the combo
that he shows up with. Uh, if he shows
queens, I should get a I should get a
four probably. He does not show queens.
He shows he's queen.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; interesting. Actually, I looked
&gt;&gt; I looked at this hand after the
championship and I looked at it again
more recently.
&gt;&gt; I remember when I was looking at it in
the championship, this hand should
actually check back uh because you have
the ace of hearts, so you kind of block
some of the call. So, if you have the
ace of hearts, you don't want to go as
thin. Quote quote. Um. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, in terms of sevens, I
I think in the solver it was sprinkling
in that on the on the turn. It was
indeed the highest EV one of all the
pairs. I think very tight with tents, it
was pretty similar. Eights was the
worst. Sixes was worse. So that that
makes sense. And actually it was
sprinkling some calls on both turn and
river. Uh but on the river, it was
sometimes checking back this exact
combo. Uh so yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dicey.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I I have a
feeling
maybe part of what leads you to do this
is that you have in your head the
structure of people are overfolding like
calling too many pocket pairs folding
too much on a turn
right and so that makes you play a bit
reverse
and would you agree with that? No, I I
think the like I said the main driver or
the main the main the first thing I
always take in consideration when facing
aggression is is this a spot where it's
likely that he overd does it. I think
that's always the most important thing.
Like if we look at like best case worst
case scenario like sometimes you really
have to dig and it's way more likely
that he's undershooting and
overshooting. Usually not a lot of good
things will happen then right? Whereas
in this type of situation, it's like,
okay, we got an aggressive guy, got like
a lot of natural bluffs, very like
connected board, but no no completes.
Uh, very easy to overshoot. And then
from there, I kind of look at my hand
like, okay, how much do I think is
overshooting? And can I just call, for
example, pocket eights here as well or
pocket sixes or pocket 10, whatever. Um,
so yeah, that that would be just be my
first
&gt;&gt; and like I said, yeah, just easy easy to
barrel king queen. I think if he has
king queen, he's always playing it this
way. I think he has 108. He always
playing this way. Queen 10 always. King
10 always. Uh yeah. 67.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Maybe.
&gt;&gt; This kind of sucks on the turn. 78 has a
double double gutter.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. I think
it's it's a nice hand. It's a I'm a bit
It's a bit fuzzy because we don't know
Walty flats, Walty three bets, walty
barrels. So, it's tougher to get to very
high accuracy. True.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It basically I just think uh yeah
if we don't know I just for example this
hand could sometimes flat could
sometimes three bet. So same with king
queen same with king 10. So I give him
kind of half
&gt;&gt; like if he sometimes flats king 10 he
can also sometimes flat this hand this
one right. So it's sort of
&gt;&gt; sort of I think it stays sort of the
same but okay I'll take it man. Eight
out of 10. Let's go.
&gt;&gt; But my my turn read was bluffing was
correct for what it's worth. Like the
turn
&gt;&gt; strong read. Strong read. I I didn't
read into it that way. Like I I like to
definitely read into sizings here. I did
not uh or at least I didn't think it was
as obvious that something could be going
on here.
&gt;&gt; Are we going to get the full ads points?
&gt;&gt; I have to upgrade your score. I I think
this gets 11 out of 10.
&gt;&gt; 11 out of 10. Nice. Nice.