Kind: captions
Language: en
This is part two of the session I've
done with Yuri Palak in which we review
some of the favorite hands I played
during the midsix version of the Qashqin
World Championship. Yuri has been
grading my hands. We're currently at an
8.9 average score. Will we go up in
rating or will we be crashing down?
Let's go and find out. Also, let me know
what you think of the hands that I
played. And remember, if you liked these
hands, like this video. Let's go. So,
cut opens. We defend big blind with
pocket sixes.
Check.
That's one/3.
Just call
could maybe if I have a club I could see
see a check raise or turn is a three.
Are we leading?
a lead small part like it gets it done
anti obviously we actually have more
threes but usually kind of these lead
spots are also oh you see beded jack 10
offshoot and I folded jack offsuit so
just the fact that I already folded my
trash and you have all your trash you
can carve out like a small lead just to
deny like I said jack offs offuit for
example
&gt;&gt; do do you feel like this adds to your
win rate to hand piece
&gt;&gt; yes yes quite a lot
&gt;&gt; I can yeah
&gt;&gt; in general if if
&gt;&gt; interesting
&gt;&gt; it's funny I'm I'm I'm like the
opposite. Usually students they struggle
with uh out of position play and late
position play. Just if I look database
and stuff throughout my whole career I
always had the opposite. I outperform
massively playing out of position out
position my win always way higher than
that of other racks GTO you name it. And
then same with like blind versus blind
spots button versus big blind you know
spot spots the wild west. I like to play
in the wild out west and then my win
rate suffers when I'm in position or
when I'm like under the gun MP stuff
that like traditionally players find
easy to play against. uh spots where I
also have to be a bit more accurate,
right? You cannot wing it as much.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's kind of where I usually
suffer. But yeah, dunking I think might
uh also if if you look at data and and
how that performs Yeah. massively
outperforms and I feel like just in if
you think practical
&gt;&gt; practical
&gt;&gt; Mhm. It just that it just is so much
better if you think about like I maybe
one day we'll have a call for like about
an hour and we just go all over all my
dunk wet spots and I will explain you
why like practically speaking this just
works so much better uh either a flop
turn or river but yeah to come to come
back to this hand I think this is sort
of standard you check call board pair
you know I have some threes I have some
protection so I think this hand so far
seems so fine
&gt;&gt; he raises we don't have a
important.
&gt;&gt; He's raising very small though, right?
&gt;&gt; Kind of respecting the fact that I can
do this smaller raise a
&gt;&gt; I mean that means that he could have end
like 98
more likely the that more wider
basically more eight sevens 98 in there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think also yeah you have to
kind of respect that I have some 3x
right. So you cannot go too big and you
kind of want to make hands that I have
now indifferent. Right. So I think the
size does a good job uh from his
perspective
&gt;&gt; I guess. Yeah. I mean your hand has to
call I feel uh like no questions asked
but in terms of soul reading
I would I wouldn't feel great in your
shoes
&gt;&gt; purely based on sizing. You mean he
wants me to call?
&gt;&gt; Yeah
it it's either the nuts or something
that beats you that's going to check
back the river. Maybe we can bake a six.
&gt;&gt; That would be nice. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I'm always optimistic. People often
forget this, but when you have a pair on
the turn, you can some hit hit the set
on the river. Like especially the more
pessimistic like guys, we have a pocket
pair. We can hit on the river. Uh so I
agree. Especially I think when the board
is paired, no club is always better. So
yeah, I think six is especially no club.
We get in there. Uh river is a three.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Are we finding a lead again? So I think
actually in theory you should have some
very small leads here. Let's say for
example you have an end like four or
five. I think you call and then lead 10%
on the river just basically trying to
make him fold out bluffs and then you do
the same with like a nine
&gt;&gt; cuz you he should probably raise like
maybe like some pocket fours or some ace
dudes or something on the turn kind of
like mergey type of stuff and you don't
want him to check back. So I think the
theory here there should be like a very
small lead
&gt;&gt; uh on the river for like your four five
for example and then maybe and then you
probably add a nine. I don't think sixes
would would go in there. Hey, but I I I
like your thinking. I like your
thinking. I went for the check uh and he
bets
&gt;&gt; two spot.
&gt;&gt; It's very interesting. It's an
interesting hand because uh I'm just
sharing the way I would think about it.
I think his turn size, like I said, it's
very natural with an over pair to go
bigger. I expect him to have more of a
98 pocket eights or nuts type of hand.
And neither of those I feel like would
bet 2x pot on the river cuz if you have
quads,
probably don't go 2x pot. If you have
pocket nines, probably don't go 2x pot.
Just my intuition.
Uh, I think nuts always are kind of
hoping something else happens. So, and
then eights definitely wouldn't and and
suddenly it's starting to feel a bit
like maybe he's just bluffing. Let Let
me think through it. So, how how big
would he go if he had a three? He knows
he's never getting check raised when he
has a three. I I guess a three could go
this big, but now we're we're honing in
on a very very narrow value range.
Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, H3 suited, king tree suited,
basically.
&gt;&gt; Um and we could add in pocket nines. I
don't think pocket nines would really go
this big. So yeah, there is a rule
someone, one of my early coaches taught
me is if someone is repping less than
three value combos, just click call.
Um,
&gt;&gt; this is starting to feel a bit like
Yeah, it's starting to feel a bit like
that.
&gt;&gt; So, I I guess all in all, everything put
together call. Are you actually going to
shout or or what are we going to do
here? Yeah, I had a feeling. Um, so to
me, this is more a call because of the
the turn sizing. So, I'm kind of
discounting tense through aces, which is
the region you want him to bet fold.
Um, but it's it's a soul read thing. If
you don't read into the turn sizing,
then this is exactly like your jack 10
hand where you're suddenly saying, "Oh,
your value range is 10 plus. I'm going
to take a line where you need to RNG
call 80% of your value range
and it looks like I have the super nuts
and I don't believe you're going to do
that." Right? And then you just
naturally get a big overfold for this.
And when was the last time that you saw
anyone bluff this spot? I was like, no
one in his right mind. Okay. In this
spot, Jams versus 2x spot here. Here I
got a little bit careful in game. I also
did this within like a couple of
seconds. I did it pretty fast. I felt
like, but obviously it depends how he
reachs the situation, but I thought it
made a lot of sense in this spot. Like,
okay, I'm going to jump pretty quickly.
And it's like it's always a three. Like,
who in his right state of mind would
ever bluff here? And what are my bluff?
I mean probably you're bluffing like
queen of clubs if you ever have that's
something along those lines bucking some
of the frequency calls but I mean like I
said these hands they call or fold. I
just thought like it's a spot no one
ever bluffs here. I have a lot of three.
I can have a three off suited king
suited queen three suited jack three
suited you know you name it. So if he
doesn't have aces I think he's probably
folding. Well, it it it feels like
something that repeats throughout your
play as you're taking people into nodes
where you think there's a high
likelihood that rather than being, oh,
this is my range, let's RNG calls,
they're going to be like, what the [ __ ]
range fold, right? Like that that's
that's the I thought this was one of
these spots. Yeah. And and like like I
said, I I definitely think like you
wanted to call. I definitely think
there's plenty of bluffs in there,
right? So, we have some out of folds.
Obviously, would win for them with a
call as well. But to me, actually the
sizing felt more like, okay, I have an
over pair. I want to get the maximum out
of a nine, but you can still have a
three, so I'm a little bit careful.
That's that's how it felt to me. Uh I
obviously I didn't read into the turn
sizing. This is how the river sizing
fell for me. It was just was like I
said, I did this very fast in game. It
just came very intuitive. I was like,
"Yeah, okay. This is
&gt;&gt; this is the spot." Like this happens
maybe once in 100k or 200k heads that
that I do this guys. Don't don't just
now, you know, obviously I'm massively
overb bluffing here, right?
&gt;&gt; No, no, dude. You RNGed 2%. We forgot to
say.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Sorry. Sorry, guys. Yeah, I I
need to add that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the RNG showed to this. Of course.
Of course. Um, yeah, verdict. It It's
tough for me because of the turn size. I
think if it weren't for the turn size,
I' i'd say 10 out of 10. With the turn
size, I'm more hesitant. Uh, I think to
me the turn size makes this more like a
seven and a half out of 10. I feel like
that's a big puzzle piece. It's going to
make this less effective for you
&gt;&gt; because you think he has less tense.
&gt;&gt; I I think your play is is targeting a
normal range in a really good way. And I
think his bet sizing scheme indicates
um that he's less likely to have the
portion of the range that you're going
after because it it was like it again I
might be I'm nitpicking nuances but the
turn to me felt abnormally small.
&gt;&gt; Are we going to get the fault?
&gt;&gt; Yes. At sport points
&gt;&gt; I mean did he snap fold?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; I don't recall. I don't I don't recall.
I did make a note. I
&gt;&gt; I guess I'll I I'll share something. So,
a lot of guys in poker say don't be
resultsoriented and and I am actually
being a bit resultsoriented because
we're we're making educated guesses
about how people are going to play,
right? You're making very very
exploitative plays and definitely in
territory where I don't have data and
we're not relying on theory. So I feel
like it is correct to be a bit
resultsoriented. This isn't like I
wouldn't be resultsoriented. If he
called you I don't even know like if he
called you with quads I might say oh
look it's the turn size. Look I was
right. If he calls you with jacks I'd
say we're just both wrong. Like wrong
customer. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially like with a club or
something like queens. Queens queens
with a club and a spade or something
like okay wrong customer
&gt;&gt; wrong customer yeah so so I feel it it
is a bit correct to be resultsoriented
with plays like these um yeah obviously
I I might I might have been reading too
much into the turn sides I don't know
because we don't know if he was just
bluffing or he had jacks folded face a
raise from the cutoff we have pocket ace
is an ante I would flat the majority
Majority of the time, sometimes three
bet. This time I went for the three bet.
&gt;&gt; Fill and calls.
Lowboard feels like a check, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And also from a range perspective
like he has the fours, the fives, the
threes, the sixes, the sevens, the
deuces, the Yeah, you name it. Like 54
suited all hands because the ante I
would
&gt;&gt; I would uh flat the majority of the
time. Like the fact that I have eight is
already like low frequency basically.
Uh, so yeah, I agree. I start with a
check,
&gt;&gt; fill in bets, and here you kind of have
to call at this stage.
&gt;&gt; So you want to call?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I take it back. Um,
eights check. So this feels like you
want him to bet call sixes and sevens
and five six and and bet fold nines and
tens of play.
&gt;&gt; Does it give me a high point? Because in
that case, yes,
&gt;&gt; it's a very surprising play. Let me
think. I'm kind of thinking through this
in my head, so I'll just share this. I
think that
he's very very likely when he sees this
board to assume that you check a lot of
strong hands to him and then he's there
is a decent chance he just check back
checks back pocket nines, pocket tens,
pocket jacks at real frequencies.
whereas something like sixes, sevens, 5,
six are a lot more likely to bet.
And
this looks a bit like a flush draw or
something like that when when you go for
all of it. So, I'm I'm sure any any of
those hands would call. Any ace high
flush draw would call what you're
flipping with. I think this might be
really good. I I I hesitate to grade it
because it's very far out there in terms
of what I would have considered. Uh I'
I'd give you a somewhere between nine
and 10 out of 10 for this is is my
intuition. If I were going through this,
I'd kind of be like
at first shocked and then no, this this
seems good. And just it it does seem
good. It's like a perfect combo for it
really,
&gt;&gt; right? like eights feels as good as it
gets. Yeah, I like it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I would like to have a heart
with it, you know, if we're going to be
picky. But my motto is, listen, this
cash game championship takes one month.
I cannot wait for the [ __ ] heart, you
know? I have eight. Let's Let's just run
it.
&gt;&gt; I I think this is probably very very
strong.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I uh I mean, you already made the
analysis. Uh uh I like it as well.
Solver approved, by the way, with the
heart, not without the heart. Uh, it
makes a lot of sense, right? Like you're
you're just you're just if you have like
pocket queens for example, you just want
to rip it and get like max value out of
these five, six, sixes, sevens.
&gt;&gt; I have to upgrade your score. I I think
this gets 11 out of 10.
&gt;&gt; 11 out of 10. Nice. Nice. Much
appreciated.
&gt;&gt; I think this this is really good.
&gt;&gt; The timing was pretty poor though, I
need to add because he called and he had
flopped the nuts.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Not great.
&gt;&gt; No, I I love it. I think it's perfect. I
I would have for sure check flop and
been in kind of a nightmare spot with a
terrible hand and
it feels like so many good things happen
when you check there.
&gt;&gt; I mean, we probably end up check calling
down seeing the board or at least that's
what I would have done probably if I
would have check called. Are you
grinding hard, studying solvers,
reviewing hands, but still not getting
those results that you know you're
capable of? You're putting in the time
and effort, but without clear direction,
that effort does not pay off. That is
why I created the mechanics leakbuster
program, which is the exact system I
used to make over seven figures playing
online poker and have since taught to
hundreds of students so they could do
the same. Through our league finder
stats and pop-ups, you will gain clarity
on your biggest leagues and tendencies,
insights on how your strategies have
been performing in game, and the impact
variance has had on your results. But
knowing your stats is only the
beginning. In the program, we dig deep
into the root causes behind your leagues
and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve. As a poker player,
you'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break, and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay [music] off as
you move up the stakes. So, if you're
ready to stop guessing and start
improving with clarity, break through
the patterns that have been holding you
back, and take your game to the next
level, join the Mechanics Leakbuster
program using the link down below. And
for the first month of enrollment only,
you will get access to weekly group
coaching calls with me and get a chance
to win a one-on-one coaching session in
which I personally review your game. So
don't miss out on this limited
opportunity. Join the mechanics league
buster program using the link down below
and looking forward to seeing you guys
in there. Open under the gun in ante
fit in three bets.
We decide to call things fine. No rake
with anties.
76 suited. Check. Lead. Okay. I decided
to lead.
&gt;&gt; I don't think you get to lead this
board.
&gt;&gt; Can I lead this board or how can I say
this? Uh I I agree with you. I probably
are not am not allowed but can I in
terms of you think it's plus V? There's
two different things.
&gt;&gt; Uh okay. So I'll I'll I'll say it in
short. It is it plus CV or not. Uh
depends how your opponent is playing
right. Uh if he plays like a solver,
it's negligibly minus EV to lead with a
hand like yours. Probably just zero EV.
the EV loss. The the the question is
mainly his C betat frequency. What's it
going to be? If it's going to be high,
you probably do a bit better
calling or check raising your hand than
you do leading. If you think it's going
to be more mixed low, yeah. So, I mean,
it's negligible either way. If if you
feel like
&gt;&gt; you're going to outplay him here, should
be fine. You would lead the 456.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 356.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But I'm I'm not experienced with
leading, so I'm I'm not looking to push
the leading ranges like you are.
&gt;&gt; Maybe I will after this.
&gt;&gt; Definitely leading with pink glasses
because 456 is the lead. And then 356 I
would still see a lead. I wouldn't mind.
256 is definitely pushing it. You're
looking for it. is again, you know, I I
don't I don't want to necessarily wait
uh
&gt;&gt; for the best spots because then the cash
game world championship is over. That
was kind of my motto with a lot of these
hands. So, I lead he uh he raises maybe
uh maybe he correctly identified the
fact that uh
&gt;&gt; you know,
&gt;&gt; maybe I should not have let here. But
then again, like if you put in a lead
and if he wants to punish it, I guess to
go quite wild here um for for like to to
punish my play. If you lead a board
that's not yours, quote quote, uh,
&gt;&gt; the the exploit would be well, no
folding and a lot of raising, but I
don't see people fold zero. It just
doesn't exist. That's how I see it.
&gt;&gt; From like a counter a counter exploit,
right? If you do something that's
exploit, if you want to take in
consideration, okay, what would be the
counter exploit? When would it really
start losing me money? Well, this would
be the correct counter exploit. Okay.
Unlikely that people are going to fold
zero and raise [ __ ] 50%. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's fair.
Looks fine. His his raise looks a bit
full of [ __ ] to me. Um just dry rainbow
board. He's going a bit too big for me
to believe he has a value in. I got
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Ace three. Okay. Are we going to lead
again?
&gt;&gt; Would that add to points?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Okay.
Um and is is he he's certainly calling.
I would assume he's not raising you on
the three.
&gt;&gt; Sizing wise, you think you think it's
good? I went for 10%, basically trying
to make king, let's say raise king jack
off. Basically, I'm trying to make those
hands in different.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I'd go 12% if we're being
nitpicky since they have six outs. But
yeah,
&gt;&gt; also then again like I think actually a
little bit bigger is indeed would indeed
be correct. Uh I definitely still feel
like if he's sitting there with king
jack, he's just like, okay, fold. So he
calls. I'm kind of torn on what I want
to do. Like are we looking to shove
as a bluff because sometimes he'll fold
jacks or are we looking to check and
hope he sometimes bluffs.
Ace jack, ace, queen, ace, king. I feel
like you're the leading master, so you
should have a really good grasp of this.
Um,
again, my intuition would be that you
check that there is no no bluff shoving
the 67 and then he's going to shove and
you're probably going to call. That's
the way I' I'd script this hand. It has
mainly because also the turn 10%, right?
Let's say I would have bet at 20%, then
check calling is a bit less of an
option. It gets dice here and dice here.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; actually went for the gem.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. So now you're saying
you value raised, right? He made a big
raise. So we're saying aces, kings,
queens, jacks, type pen. Let's reduce
aces out of there because if there's a
combo that's going to slow play, it's
aces. So we're saying kings, queens,
jacks,
and you're shoving to make him fold
pocket, kings, pocket, queens, pocket,
jacks with the thought being
How could you ever be bluffing?
Right. That's the
&gt;&gt; That that that seems to have been the
trend so far.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're taking these spots where
you turn a pair into a bluff and you
know, you bet, you call the big raise.
So,
it's tough to find many bluff combos for
you unless you're turning a pair into a
bluff. So, this is like a
a GTO thing. I would assume it's it's
fine in theory to bluff your hand
sometimes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you look at all the hands that
we could pick from, which hand do you
think would be nice as a bluff, you
know, if you if we kind of consider uh
because for example, I would play
failure in a similar way. Let's say I
would have had lat 54 or pocket fours. I
call the race. We'll lead the turn
because I think if I check, you know,
there's just going to be lots of pot
controlling. If I need to add bluffs,
which which hands could we have? We
could have 78. I guess it would be the
most logical one. 78 it feels a little
bit bad to do it with 78 cuz maybe he
somehow shows up with 78 himself. I feel
like ace5 is a nice one but definitely
have to to dig in there for pairs.
&gt;&gt; Also if we have 78 he could maybe have
eights but I don't think actually that
raises this sizing would be a bit mergy
though.
&gt;&gt; It's a tough spot for him. This is a
spot where I'm trying to put myself in
his shoes if I'm looking at pocket
queens. How am I ever good with pocket
queens? What do you think is a nice
calling hand for him?
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure there are any.
&gt;&gt; That's good.
&gt;&gt; I mean, we're not saying pocket 10,
right?
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I like a a set or a strip for sure. Uh
but in terms of catchers, they're all
going to look fairly ugly. Okay. I I
think you got 10 out of 10 again for
this one.
&gt;&gt; 10 out of 10. This guy great. Actually,
I was actually thinking in actually I
thought in game as well that I had like
Ace5 suited or something would make a
way nicer call than had like queens, but
obviously I don't know if he would ever
raise it on the flop. Uh maybe like A3
suited, Ace2 suited, something along
those lines I think does a better job
than like queen. So I thought there was
maybe a little tiny merge effect
sometimes on a blue Monday. Uh but yeah,
mainly like what the hell am I bluffing?
The 10 actually sort of improves me as
well. I could guess I guess I could play
pocket tense in a similar fashion. Uh
yeah, no bluffs besides for the 67
suited, but I think like the six seven
suit, if I can just name one hand, this
that's just this is the best bluff that
I can think of.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh also in
terms of candidate, right, we talked
about it already in the beginning.
Definitely not a station. Uh however, he
did station me this time. pocket queens
change anything about score or you think
it's just like he's just like listen you
know I have a lot of over pairs here I
should probably call this sometimes yeah
&gt;&gt; I don't recall timing actually if he
thought about it or he no he he did
definitely did not snap call if he snap
calls I would have I would have
definitely remembered I guess what I
would say is I I think we are seeing a
pattern in these hands that you're
selecting where
uh you're willing and able to find
bluffs in spots to where it's very hard
to find bluffs.
And so whenever someone
calls you in one of them, we have to be
a bit suspicious about
what's going through his head to do
this.
&gt;&gt; Especially when it comes down to like
dunk flop, dunk turn, like you get kind
of the interpretation stuff, right, that
you mentioned. Maybe he's like on the
flop. Yeah. Why would you ever lead a
set? You don't have a set and he kind of
hooks on that and therefore he reduced.
Wow. Wow. I would definitely lead a set
as well. Uh but obviously that's then
then my value is going to massively
overperform and I should significantly
reduce the bluffing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Plus now he's seen this showdown
as well from you. So down the line um
it it feels like you're putting people
into a spot where they're just not going
to give you any range folds anymore.
Right? Like if he calls this spot, which
spot is he not bluff catching in? He
just has the But it's tough to say. Um
maybe he's just calling because he has
an over pair in his brain got hooked on
the over pair. That sometimes even
happens to people. But uh I'm I'm kind
of wondering with the style you play,
would you would you tag him as like this
guy saw me spew
let's not over bluff into him or do you
just keep playing normal after this?
&gt;&gt; No, I would I would keep playing
normally. Like I I also I don't think
I'm overluffing this spot. So maybe that
also helps because like I don't see uh I
would be over bluffing if I would do
this with sevens or eights. I guess if I
would start turning those hands into a
bluff, it gets really really ugly. But
like I would probably not. I think these
hands are just way poorer
&gt;&gt; in a blue Monday. I could win against a
six, you know, and a block 78. I want
him to have sevens or eights. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I wouldn't worry too much
here. We face a race from the lowjack
button calls. I decide to squeeze the
jack 10 of diamonds.
Both players call.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh so I I I guess you go somewhere
between bet small and check here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think this hand. Do you
have a preference if you can choose?
Let's say we have jack queen suited or
jack 10 suited. Which one would you
prefer betting? I mean generally you
prefer th this is the same uristic you
were talking about check raising on the
10 five deuce the jack 10 benefits more
from folds the queen jack benefits more
from giving free cards so you you'd bet
the jack 10
&gt;&gt; that's kind of how I had it uh in game
as well and I think we also have some
extra equity with the 10 right we can
eight nine future make straight I think
jack 10 is definitely way better here
than jack queen
&gt;&gt; so I bet it calls
and Stefan folds
turn ace.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so if we were to put him on a
range,
he's calling every jack, every flush
draw, every 8 n suited.
She probably calls like 10 nine of
spades. Do you think he calls king queen
of spades?
Probably not right with someone behind.
think like eights, nines, tens,
especially with a hard
&gt;&gt; like usually like in three pots, squeeze
pots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, pocket pairs just a lot of combos,
right? Kind of what we said earlier
where I had the sevens. Pocket pairs
just make up for a very big part of
people's ranges in three pots, spots as
collars or squeeze spots as collars. So,
I think eights, 9, 10, probably 40% of
his range, something like that. 56
suited, 76 suited, 78 suited, right? All
of those
&gt;&gt; I mean it was a squeeze spot, right? So,
let me see.
&gt;&gt; So, you're you're saying those
&gt;&gt; five to 65. I mean, could call with
someone behind, but it's a bit
optimistic, right? I think the eights,
the nines, and the tens are like the
hands that we can just say with 100%
confidence are in there pre flop like
ajac suited, ace queen suited.
So then on the flop, same.
So sure, we could give him like a little
bit of five, six suited, but I think
it's, you know, more or ace five suited,
for example.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Give it a half a combo maybe.
&gt;&gt; So this is a spot where I' I'd assume
you're always checking and uh the thing
I'm trying to work out is how many
bluffing combos does he have and can we
check all for a stack given?
Let's say he bluffs eights sometimes. He
bluffs eight nine always and he bluffs
random flush draws
most of the time. It It feels close. I I
wouldn't be sure.
&gt;&gt; You you you assumed wrong, by the way.
Uh let let me let me let me let me
correct you there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's same as a check, but but
the it it's I I approve of the size. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah, I I also just thought like eights,
nines, tense, I have queens, kings,
right? How do I can and like I turn way
more A6. I have king queen off which
scares all. So I think
&gt;&gt; I I saw this spot and I was like, okay,
I'll just barrel range for a small
sizing and go from there. I think that's
the best way I can put him in a tough
spot unless I have agents or checks that
I that I will check. I can tell you
that. Uh but other than that, I'll bear
all rage. So, I I would say the the
improvement over that is I think you're
supposed to just have two sizes on the
turn and and barrel range with both of
them,
&gt;&gt; but I I don't think you want to give up
on the big size necessarily.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Which hand do you think and why do
you think it really benefits?
&gt;&gt; I I think something like uh ace king
with a heart that you probably show up
here with. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
this is letting people off a bit too
cheap, but I'm I'm not sure. It's I'm I
I'm taking the pattern from a regular
three bet pot, but here you see bet
tighter. He calls tighter. So maybe this
is actually a spot where ace king is not
that happy going for a stack. And you
have
more kings and queens in your range than
usual. So maybe this is
this is just okay. and then just go 60
rather than 30. But but that's just
picking.
&gt;&gt; I I think the 10% is a little bit small
as well. I would have liked to see 45 to
60. I think the only ace king that
you're super happy with is let's say you
have king of hearts, ace of diamonds or
something. That seems like a primary.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I like it. I like it.
&gt;&gt; Uh but like I said, I think eight, n
just such a big part of his range. So I
think small sizing to kind of put those
hands in a tough spot, I think is good.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Over the king.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Which is going to make him feel like his
eights, nines have to bluff now. And
then
it's starting to look like I'm I'm
seeing a pattern in the spots where you
put your stack in it. They need to get a
card that looks encouraging
uh but actually misses a lot of their
range. Right. So eights and nines would
already be an overluff here
&gt;&gt; for sure.
&gt;&gt; So just check call. Yeah, I think so.
Oh, are we shopping? I was for your
check calling.
Why are we shopping? What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Well, I thought you want him to fold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; No, let's first hear your thoughts. I do
agree with the uh especially if I bet
10%, right? Like we keep his range a
little bit wider just like with the 67.
Uh let's say we would have bet at 60. I
don't think Czech call in the river
anymore is an option. So then this one
definitely is I guess more preferred.
&gt;&gt; Again, it's a spot that's very hard for
you to find bluffs, which is nice. Um
if he shows up here with a sex of
hearts, which he has
sometimes, right? Ace queen of hearts,
ace 10 of hearts. Those are going to
probably fold. What else is he calling
and then folding? I guess he has to fold
queen jack. He has to fold jack 10. Do
you do you think anyone would ever fold
like an ace five of diamonds here to
this?
&gt;&gt; Uh I mean not not unthinkable, but uh I
wasn't trying to I wasn't trying to make
him fold two pair, but definitely I mean
if you're if you're in his shoes uh I I
have to turn hands into a a bluff in
order to reach a sign a good bluff for
you because I have ace jack offuit, ace
king offsuit. these hands, you know,
they make up of a lot of combos. And my
bluffs, I don't know. I don't even know.
Like, uh, uh, this is basically this is,
yeah, this is it. If I would have
squeezed seven six suited, I would have
I would do this 78 suited. I could see
myself played exactly the same way. Um,
&gt;&gt; so let let me ask you, did did you
figure this out on the spot or were you
planning to bluff beforehand if the run
out? You meant on the turn.
&gt;&gt; On the river like when you bet the turn,
were you thinking if the river comes a
king or a queen, I'm going to fire?
&gt;&gt; No, but it is part of like if you want
to like part of the benefit of
continuing with the betting lead is that
you have this option available to you.
So, it's not like I was specifically
already on the turn like, okay, I'm
going to bet and if a river is a king,
but part of part of the EV of continuing
to bet your range, uh, is that you keep
this option open, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In many spots is going for
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm just trying to think if if
this makes exploitative sense. So, I'm
reading through his range. There are not
that many hands
that he's going to fold that beat you if
that makes sense. There's queen jack
suited.
Let's actually count these out. So you
have two combos. Queen jack suited.
There's king queen of hearts, ace queen
of hearts, ace 10 of hearts. Am I
missing anything?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Like six combos.
&gt;&gt; Probably her folding. And then assuming
assuming that the check call is plus V,
correct? Because if we cannot check
call.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I'm not no I'm not assuming
anything. I'm I'm just looking at the
bluff in a vacuum.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Then
&gt;&gt; he's going to call
ace jack, sevens, fives jacks, right?
Which is like
sometimes he's going to raise some of
those on a turn. So that's not too many
combos. There's one ace jack,
&gt;&gt; one king jack,
&gt;&gt; one king jack, three seven is definitely
pushing a pre flop.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and some of those rays. So it
it feels like right you this feels kind
of close. If we're combo counting like
that, right? It's
cuz you need them to fold a bit more
than half the time. We found six folds.
We're going to find probably roughly six
calls. So this is it it feels like this
is slightly plus CV and then we just
need to compare it to checking at that
point
and be like if you check do you ever win
against eights nines can you make a plus
CB bluff catch? Yeah, this feels
I I I guess I'll ask you do you like
this? How would how would you think of
it different than me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I personally uh really like
it. Um, and especially also if I check
any gems. I mean, I'm not really sure.
That's kind of uh the downside of that
10% on the turn that there might be some
guys that just fold because like it's
very So what you will see general
humans, they massively overfold to small
bets. They don't understand the the sort
of math behind it, right? Like, oh, he
bets 10%. I'm only allowed to fold what,
8% or something like that. But there's
plenty of people that just see eights on
a turn, I bet. And they they just fold.
Uh right. So I would almost say like if
I bet at 60 on the turn it's a very
clear jam. But now because of the 10%
his range a bit wider and then check
calling could be an option. But I
definitely like if I'm not really sure
then I think I just prefer the jam
because I feel like that yeah that just
outperforms and I feel like check
calling I can reserve for uh yeah let's
say a king or let's say I have the jack
queen for example, right? Um there's
other hands I think that can make the
check call. I don't think Jack 10 should
get his value from trying to induce
bluffs with eight or nines. Uh whereas
for example I have king queen you know
let's have king queen of hearts. It's
pretty clear that that hand shouldn't
jam and with that hand then I can get
value from trying to see if my
opponent's going to overbluff with
eights nines or 10.
So I just don't like while it's an
option I don't think from for example a
theoretical perspective check 10 should
get value from bluff catching because
it's like kind of the primary Jack 10 a
diamond specifically right we're playing
with nit knit ranges few combos so then
blocking that Ajax suited in a spot
where he's only calling six blocking one
of them is pretty good
&gt;&gt; and also blocking tens when you want to
check kind of sucks
&gt;&gt; that does suck okay so I would say this
is nine out of 10. You lose one point.
Like we said, I think turn size bet a
bit bigger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's fair. I think
that's fair. N out of 10. You're a very
nice grader compared to Owen.
&gt;&gt; Uh or or maybe I gave him maybe I gave
him different hands. He uh he did fold
by the way. Maybe for the result
oriented people out there
&gt;&gt; makes it extra good. Finan opens queen
10 of diamonds in the big blind. set
aside the three bet fitting calls check
76 two tone
&gt;&gt; feels like a check I I don't think it's
a disaster to bet but yeah
&gt;&gt; yeah queen 10 of hearts I would bet uh
but for example I had like king queen or
something two overs would probably
already be better so yeah I don't think
queen 10 much business I would probably
bet big or check in this board anyway
checks back turn is a 10
&gt;&gt; uh feels like a check
&gt;&gt; all right in that case I'll it. So, this
feels
very technically inaccurate.
I guess this is my my first instinct.
This feels very technically inaccurate.
So, let let me think if I can get behind
it. I can see that he's going to have
pocket eights, pocket nines.
Uh he's going to sometimes show up here
with
uh ace queen with a club, king queen
with a club.
78 suited. So, there are definitely
plenty of worse hands calling you. The
reason I say it's technically inaccurate
is just the usually to bet this kind of
mid-strength hand, you need some better
hands to fold as well, right? Cuz
otherwise you could say, well, let's bet
queens bet king jack. He's supposed to
check back a bunch of jacks and a bunch
of flush draws and a bunch of openers.
&gt;&gt; Let's say he has king 10 of spades. What
do you think he does? H. So you're
saying king 10 of spades, ace 10 of
spades. You're betting big enough to get
those to fold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I would say. I think I
think the the hand is 10 9. If we have
10 nine, this is this is a beauty. Uh
but like I said, cash game world
championship only takes one month, so
can't wait for 10 nine.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he's calling 10 nine maybe.
Yeah. Okay, fair enough. Feels like
you're you're catching the exact combo,
right? Where it's he's going to call 10
98. He's going to fold king 10 ace 10.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; good find, right? I fought the game.
It's like, oh,
&gt;&gt; it looks like you're good at finding
these
&gt;&gt; calls.
River is the eight.
&gt;&gt; River. So, you now lose to every single
hand that we just mentioned. You lose to
10 nine, you lose to eights, you lose to
nines, you lose I guess no, you lose to
78, you lose to everything.
And so we're going to assume
that you decided to turn your hand into
a bluff. That's been the pattern so far.
The difference here is you actually do
have a bunch of unpaired bluffs to
choose from. You could have ace king,
ace queen, king queen. So you're not
actually supposed to dig this deep. So
I would say you check the river. Is that
correct?
&gt;&gt; Check.
And and now he's going to shab and
you're going to say, "Well, I lose to
nines. I lose to 10 nine. I lose to
pocket eights." If he decides to shove
back, I lose to all the flushes.
I only beat ace queen with a club and
king queen with a club. How many combos
is ace queen and king queen with a club?
That has to be like 18 or so. Maybe some
ace king. So like 18 combos. That That's
a lot of combos.
&gt;&gt; Offshoot hands, man.
&gt;&gt; And that he might not shove a nine or
eights.
Uh
are we going to we're going to check
call again? I assume, right? And I have
a feeling this is supposed to be an
eight out of 10.
&gt;&gt; All right. The lower lower score.
Interesting. What What What makes it
score lower than than some of the other
hands? I mean, we even had a 11 out of
10. That was next level.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I feel like the turn play is too
out there. Um I I could be very wrong,
but to me, when I see this turn, I'm
like, this turn is a bet, right? So, you
start out checking the flop. Center of
your flop checking range is like ace,
king, ace, queen. Uh those are the the
heavy sitting hands in there.
And then when they don't improve on the
turn, you're supposed to play very very
passively on the turn. So I I would
guess the sizing is too big. The hand
choice fits in terms of the like there's
a pattern recognition that fits, but
this isn't the the situation for being
so aggressive, right? Like it it's
you're you're taking a like a very sharp
line, but the spot feels off to me. And
I'm very happy to to like check and
learn something new. But but that's the
reason intuitively I feel like you're
you're pushing
you're pushing into too strong of a
range turn that big. The the turn favors
his range a bit too much for the play.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Fair. If he shows a bluff, do I get
extra point? If he shows, as Owen said,
an illegal bluff, do I get extra points?
&gt;&gt; What would be an illegal bluff? Like a
six five of diamonds. Yeah, a hand that
he's not allowed to to bluff with.
&gt;&gt; Jesus, I just noticed he might call
fives, fours, threes, deuces on the
turn. We didn't even mention those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if he if he shows up with fours
with a club, you get you get the points
back.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that's like he has extra bluffs
now. He actually had a bluff that he was
not supposed to have.
&gt;&gt; Why was he not supposed to have this
one?
&gt;&gt; This one or at least when I looked at
when I reviewed this hand, uh the queen
10 diamonds, a little sprinkle of
turnbat. It's not, you know, it's not a
very big part of the strategy, but it
was it he he did consider it. Uh, and
this hand, uh, his hand plays fine and
should just check back river and win
versus a my ace queen and my king queen.
Uh, so an overb bluff by his side.
&gt;&gt; And is your hand supposed to is that the
bet size for for the turn for you or is
it something smaller?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I no longer recall if I
then put it in this bet size and
therefore it beded or if it was that
that I don't recall. It was long time
ago that I uh that I saw that I reviewed
this hand. So I I if if if I bet this
sizing it sprinkled it in there. 910
definitely better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it I think it fits the size.
Okay. So So I have to do this because I
want to give you the the correct score.
I'm I'm quickly running through this
&gt;&gt; actually. just because ace so the king
queen with a club and the ace queen with
a club is actually al also often a flop
bet so therefore I think on the turn if
you think about hands that you can pick
from well if those are already reduced
then you know queen 10 of diamonds can
make it can make it in there actually
don't think he's calling force with a
club on the turn that would be quite
optimistic
&gt;&gt; or is it actually I don't know
&gt;&gt; unblocking everything
&gt;&gt; could yeah actually I'm not sure
&gt;&gt; I don't know I don't know given he
showed this and it's an illegal bluff
does that change anything, dude. I I I
feel like you must have crushed this
challenge the way you're playing to to
be very very honest. You must have done
very very well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think 40k hands, 10 maybe 100. I
think I ended up 11th. So, yeah, mainly
the volume. Uh yeah, not not enough
volume to to compete higher.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I guess I'm nitpicking. This
this should probably be a 10 out of 10.
Probably should be. You're you're just
pushing the frequencies so often with
things, right? Like this is like a the
3% bet and you keep showing me these
hands that you make the the bet and the
size that you're not supposed to bet.
It's fine. It it shouldn't matter.
&gt;&gt; But but I think we think the same,
right? I see any any frequency play in
solver I see as it's suggesting me that
this could be a thing and then for me
it's in-game. for me is then to
understand why it's a thing and then in
game apply if I think it's a thing and
then I should obviously just in my
opinion then I should just apply it
always if you know my opponent allows me
to obviously um or at least that's how I
interpreted frequency things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, thank you a lot man for
coming on reviewing these hands with me.
Any last words?
&gt;&gt; Last words. No, this is this is very
inspirational. You're making me want to
to look at leads a lot more deeply. And
I I guess something I'd say for people
watching, uh, it's very evident that as
you play hands, you're constantly very
focused on ranges. So, it's very easy
for you to turn a pair into a bluff or
turn king high into a bluff catch. Like,
you're very, very granular in the way
you perceive things. And I think that's
very common for successful high stakes
players. So definitely something to to
pay attention to to try to develop the
level of thinking of not um I have king
high so I fold but wait water the exact
ranges like can I call king high can I
bluff a pair of jacks right like just
dig in in deep like that and then now
guys the final verdict how good does
Yuri think the wacko is at poker nine
hands we get an average score of 9.0
zero. Not bad. Not bad. Thank you very
much, Yuri, for coming on and reviewing
my hands with me, sharing these
insights. If you liked this video, guys,
leave a thumbs up. Also, let me know
what you guys thought about all the
hands played in the comments down below.
Make sure to subscribe to the channel
and I will see you guys in the next