Kind: captions
Language: en
In this video, I will be reviewing some
of the favorite hands I played during
the midst version of the Cash Game World
Championship, where I finished 11 after
playing 40k hands with a win rate of 10
BBB 100. To celebrate and thank you guys
for having hit 20K subs on the channel,
I reached out to the OG Cash game world
champ, Owen Massur, aka Prodigy, who
will give me his perspective and
evaluation on the hands that I've
played. Will he back me up or will he
break me down? And next to Owen's
opinion on my hands, I'm also curious
what you guys think. So, leave a comment
down below. Rate my hands one to 10. And
make sure to like this video if you
liked any of the hands that I played.
All right, Owen, thank you for uh coming
on. Before we jump into the hands, I'm
uh curious. I saw you hop in the games
and jump on the coin stream here and
there during the challenge. What have
you been up to lately? Uh yeah, so I was
just uh hoping those games to get bit of
a feel for Hello game. And also, you
know, it's just kind of fun to go in
there and mess around a bit. Lately, um
I've been uh working on this course that
I've been doing with uh Yuri and Bart.
Uh so we're just like we're releasing
like a subscription based course for all
the mistakes, right? Cuz they want want
to be working with us. Kind of suited
that uh to have like a little bit more
of an insight into how the mistakes guys
play, you know. So, uh, yeah, today
going over some, uh, going over some of
those hands will, uh, maybe help sharpen
that up even more.
&gt;&gt; What was your conclusion? What, what did
you learn about the Midsex population?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it can be it can be a little bit
weird when like I'm playing with a
certain image cuz I think at least when
I was playing, there were a lot of
people trying to own me like really
hard. But then also, a lot of the hands
I saw like people were like really
[ __ ] going for it. The impression I
got was there were a lot of people with
good instincts for weakness, but the
technical game was just like too far
behind. So, they were like they were
going really hard after spots where they
perceived people to be weak, but like
often times just like repping [ __ ] all.
Uh, and there were a lot of hands where
it was just like to see who blinked
first uh kind of um was what was going
on. So yeah like what what we were
trying to put together was something
which is actually quite fundamental
um in terms of you know actually
creating like a understanding from first
principles in why poker works the way it
does and then like the exploits and you
know all the playing with freedom and
can come from some structure and then
you can get some really crazy plays
which come out of which come out of that
structure but you want to start with it
because I feel like a lot of the a lot
of the hands which I watch between them
or like even like ones which they play
against me which just like like you
could just boil it down to the sentence.
I think he's capped and like obviously
there's a lot more reasons to get
aggressive and do fun things in Pia than
just someone being like I think he
doesn't have a very good hand cuz you
can have a bad hand and click call. I
think that was um that was kind of
working for me and a lot of people were
just like shoving all in on me for like
or like I don't know or or or like doing
the opposite. they'd be like they'd feel
kind of capped and like they were
getting bullied and it was like no
sometimes I just have my hand and I was
running up stacks fairly quickly but um
as as I'd hoped you know I'd be a bit
worried if I did that.
&gt;&gt; Are you uh looking forward to defending
your title? I believe the the OG Cash
game world championship right for a lot
of money the high version. Uh that one
is coming back. You looking forward to
it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm very
excited. Uh, ever since I started
hearing like memories about when when it
was going to be like sort of around
November time, I've been uh been a lot
more focused. Like I spent I spent the
year kind of I was doing I've been doing
more coaching, been playing more private
games and stuff, but then it was it it
was like a spell got cast on me when
when it was just like when when they
started discussing dates and I was like,
"Oh [ __ ] let's go fight." Like I got I
got I got to get sharp. I got a title to
defend. I you know I've got a second
wrist which doesn't have a relics on it
yet. So got a got a lot of motivation.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Well hopefully I can uh I can
inspire you with some hands that I've
played some plays that I made. I hope I
will not say well he's captain. That was
my reasoning right. Uh I'm going to try
to find out
there's a hand in there somewhere where
like well the guy's kept so I might
stick it. Uh it is it is definitely like
the thing is the thing is it's it's
really nice and I feel like that's why
people latch on to it and it like it can
make people a lot of money that one
sentence but then it's the thing is when
when like that one sentence is just
becomes like their guiding philosophy of
how they're playing poker. Uh and then
it's like it's like yeah I think I think
we can you know add a bit more
&gt;&gt; then you learn the trick basically right
and that's kind of what what you're
saying right if you learn both from a
first principal perspective you can then
kind you might still make the same plays
but you kind of filter out the spews
because you now understand it at a
deeper level.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. like yeah like a lot a
lot of them where it's like there were
genuinely so many plays where people
just reps nothing and they were just
like had just read their opponent for
weakness and like they were they were
right a lot of the time when I was doing
reviews their opponent was weak
but but yeah there's obviously like a
lot a lot more things that you can add
in there
&gt;&gt; all right well so here's the idea idea I
uh I'll play the hands you give your
thoughts as we go and I'll clarify my
thought process when whenever needed.
And at the end, I want your honest your
honest rating. One out of 10 for every
hand uh that I've showed you. All right.
&gt;&gt; All right. First hand.
So, we're cut off bottom. A lot of
people just play range checks here,
which is kind of which is fine. Um like
it it was working a lot better in
previous years because it was like when
that strategy first came out, the
imposition player didn't realize they
were being range checked, too. So then
like so I think I think we've kind of
got to a point where like it it does
make sense to to try and develop the
like thinner seat betting ranges. Um
because just because like you know a lot
of the time that the guy in position
just knows that like just because you
check doesn't mean you you don't have
aces. You can even just have like full
frequency jacks in there. Um but I mean
Jack seven diamonds could uh could go
way. I mean it makes makes some sense to
bet out. um could go could go into a
check raise, could go into a check call.
I think you got like you got a lot of
options. Um especially depending on what
size you see
&gt;&gt; like like a two two3 type of seabed.
Would you see that or would you or would
you go smaller?
&gt;&gt; Usually in these spots you go a bit on
the smaller side because the in position
range just polarizes a bit better. Um
cuz they're they're like set dense and
then they also have like the 54 suited.
Um whereas your like you know your main
advantage hands are over pairs and over
pairs don't quite want to get all in. Um
like maybe on like some very clean run
outs you can get them in but on a on
most run outs over pairs aren't trying
to get all in. So so usually position
here you're not in like a a massive rush
to pile in tons of money. Like two
thirds is going to be fine. I feel like
once you start potting here, you're
probably going to end up you're going to
end up getting into a lot of spots where
your over pairs are sort of like have
got too much money in and the the hand
is still going on.
&gt;&gt; I don't actually this was not with anti,
right? I think with anti, you know, when
the button also flats way more 10x, I
think then we can probably bet a little
bit bigger because there's more hands to
get value from, right? If we have our
over pairs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The sets get a lot more
diluted in in the ante. I decided to go
for the check face a one/3.
Uh yeah, I mean this is really this is
really like open season. You can do
whatever you want against the one/3.
You're not really handcuffed at all. I
think yeah, this makes a lot of sense as
a as a check raising hand. Like I mean
usually one club hands are a little bit
better than two diamond hands, but this
one's really nice. Like gives you some
gives you some bluffs on a bunch of
different runouts. though. It It is
interesting though because like this one
is like like it pairs up nicely with
when seven six gets there, you know,
like unlike the eight you turn a double
gutter, but like that's not really what
you'd consider a good card for you
typically, you know, like that's that's
usually like often when you check race
the draw is better for out of position,
but I think this is one of those spots
where like the draw is going to be more
represented in the in position range.
Um, so then maybe maybe it's better to
have like, you know, sort of two over
and a club hands because the cards
you'll barrel off on more are going to
be like the over cards. Um, and so then
you want to that's where you want to
turn your drawers. I mean, it's kind of
like it can't be that wrong. Um, I mean
it's it's probably in there, but I'm
just wondering if this is like one of
the like this feels like a supernatural
check race if you're in the big blind is
basically what I'm trying to get at
where you'll have like these seven six
off combos and then I feel like I feel
like when it's this way round, you might
prefer two overs more, but still yeah,
it's fine.
&gt;&gt; And then yeah, because like you would
say jack queen also with with like a
club would be probably then one of your
first picks, right? But then calls we
turn a seven. So, one of the one of the
cards you mentioned, which is naturally
probably a card that we're going to slow
down on, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I don't I I won't say the seven is
is as much though. I can't remember the
exact size you opened, but like they
won't have 86 suited or 63 suited.
&gt;&gt; So, like 86 suited would be like a
pretty pretty loose flat even with no
rake.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then like so 63 suited, 75
suited shouldn't really be in there. 10
seven suited shouldn't be in there.
There's quite a big difference between
the eight and the seven. like the the
eight they they can turn some like 108
as well like 7 six obviously gets there.
I think the seven is the kind of card
which it adds a lot of equity to the
imposition range but it doesn't actually
add nuts. Um
so I don't I don't think it has quite
the same effect like whereas then if you
change to like the six again like you
know on the six they can have like the
um or like you know the occasional like
six five diamonds combo or whatever. I
think this one is like you don't you
don't want to like look at them all
entirely the same. This one this one
actually seems fine to to have a bit of
a a barreling frequency on. Obviously,
some rivers are going to [ __ ] suck.
Like sometimes you'll like barrel with
pocket jacks and then the river will
come the six of clubs and you're just
like hating life. Um which is why I say,
you know, obviously it's not going to be
like the perfect card to see. Sizing
wise, if you would barrel,
&gt;&gt; probably like 2/3 if I was barreling.
And your your hand's kind of Yeah, your
hand's kind of interesting as a barrel.
Like it gets like 8776 to call. They're
going to fold some 10x.
Um there's like some interesting options
on rivers with like uh like check
calling as well or like you can just,
you know, you can just check check and
win. Um, there might even be some absurd
solver thing where you like shove to get
into folder 10 but call 65. Um, like
that would be that would be kind of
nuts.
&gt;&gt; Obviously, I went for the shove here,
you know? It's pretty obvious play.
&gt;&gt; No, I mean as in you go two spot turn
and then you like shove river and get
them to call 65 cuz it like um I feel
like it's going to be better blockers on
a lot of run outs.
&gt;&gt; That's a um
&gt;&gt; All right, so we did agree on the
barrel. I did go I did go for a little
bit of a bigger sizing though.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I think this is uh this is
kind of reasonable to
&gt;&gt; specifically for my hand. I think it's
really beneficial, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You you like really want that
queen 10 to fold
&gt;&gt; and like like the five six the seven six
the sixes are going to be inelastic
anyway. So a little bit of extra benefit
with with my specific hand. I did
thought like what you kind of mentioned,
right? I think on an eight on an eight
we're a bit more forced to really size
it down, but on a seven like his hands
they will still call and therefore I
think we can we can push it a little bit
more with our sizing because of the
inicity of seven sixes etc. Fing calls.
Yeah,
it's kind kind of an interesting uh
interesting spot because like well okay
so so if we if we're taking if if we're
not going to shove the river which is
like pretty [ __ ] out there um I I I
think it is kind of a fun idea though
like 65 is just so much more intuitive
as a call than the 10 but but assuming
we're not going for that kind of that
kind of thing on the river then it's
just whoever we're check calling or
check folding
And I think a a lot of that comes down
to um like how much we expect in
position to be fast playing uh on the
previous streets because yeah, we're
basic like what are they going to show
in check to here? They're just going to
shove like fives, fours, and then
they'll have like ace three of clubs. So
then it's like if if they're fast
playing those hands a lot on the
previous streets, you know, say they see
you pop the turn and they think you're
just going with your hand and then they
like shove to deny equity, then they
might not have much of a value range.
But then there's also the kind of player
that like doesn't really think about it
like that. They just like flop a set.
They see you're putting in a bunch of
money. They don't want to they don't
want to get in the way. I mean, I think
it's, you know, you kind you kind of got
to yeah, make a make a review about um
how much they're going to fast play here
for for whether you're going to check
call or not. So, basically, I'm I'm uh
I'm absolving myself of responsibility
for the river for the river check call,
which I'm which I'm sure happened
because we didn't get to a video here.
&gt;&gt; Jacks, which would be I guess a primary
call as well if he has that pre flop.
But like 65 is going to get here and
then feels very intuitive to cool down.
Like I would imagine if someone jammed
into me here and I 65 I just be like
well you know like it's kind of hard to
have a five here and a five premium
blocker I just flick it in and then
whereas every 10 you're more like you
know you're basically indifferent. Um
whereas 65 just 65 feels like you need a
pretty good reason to fold it whereas a
10 just is like on the fence.
&gt;&gt; That makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Which is why I was kind of Yeah. which I
was kind of I was like that's kind of a
fun play but um but also those things
just get so [ __ ] over so easily like
some guy can just call you down linearly
and you're just sitting there like what
am I doing?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When he's just like well king 10
queen 10 seemed like a good hand and he
didn't even think about calling 56. So
that's kind of the problem. It can go
from bronze to torture quite quite quite
fast.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They're just like I flop top
pair. Look at the screen name across
from him. [ __ ] it. I ain't folding.
Then yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow. Okay. Well, he's making your
life [ __ ] easy now. Like
&gt;&gt; if you want to talk about midsection, I
think I've seen this happen eight times.
Top of my mind. All eight times was just
a bluff.
&gt;&gt; It's just like, oh, it's like this. Um,
especially if people, you know, I've
done like some MDA. This is a spot where
in general it's quite inelastic response
from out of position. Uh, and then it's
just like, oh yeah, you you're just
going to you have nothing or you have
something kind of mentality, right? Uh,
and every time it was a bluff.
&gt;&gt; Here they're basically repping that they
reopened a they reopened a 10 against
the merge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But then it's like,
&gt;&gt; but don't you just want to jam? If if
you read this, he has the merch or he
has the merch too often, then you just
want to jam, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, yeah. It's like like also
intuitive traps here are not like the
traps are not easy to find here. You
know, it's not like it's not like you
have 10 five here and you're like, "Oh,
I block the cool down range super hard,
so I'm going to like check the river."
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, you just can't have those
hands. If you're if you're finding a
trap here on the river like like it it's
usually as a result of a leveling war,
it'll be like, "Oh, he thinks I have too
many mergers, so therefore I'm going to
have a trap." It's not like there's not
going to be a hand which like screams
out for you to trap it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so for me, I think the main
considerations was flop. I remember
considering either like a two/3 turns
bet or a check with this hand. Then I
thought the turn the turn merge was
pretty nice. Uh, and then river kind of
played itself. I did not consider the
the merch again on the river. I have to
be honest here. Uh, but like you said,
that can either be torture or genius
depending on what level your opponent is
on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You you're showing a lot of
faith in someone else to play poker the
way you want them to at that point. It's
like
it's like oh like when they have ace4 of
clubs I would never bluff the ace of
clubs a four blocks my pocket fours like
they'll work that out right like maybe
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; or like and then like maybe they know
that but they're a good enough player
that they just like they go like some
stage beyond that and they just like
either range call or rangefold into you
and then like then you're in a very
weird spot with these.
&gt;&gt; So verdict one out of 10. I think the
river was probably I mean he made it
very easy for us right? Yeah, if you
like you definitely would have got more
points for check calling against the jam
I think. Yeah, this is about like I'm
going to say like 7.5 out of 10. Say
maybe maybe an eight at a No, you you
could you could have had a nine if you
check all the jam. That would have been
but but because the river the river is
just the most important street. It's
hard. It's hard to give a very high
rating to a hand which is like where the
river was easy, you know, because that's
always the street which is going to be
the hardest to play. Are you grinding
hard, studying solvers, reviewing hands,
but still not getting those results that
you know you're capable of? You're
putting in the time and effort, but
without clear direction, that effort
does not pay off. That is why I created
the mechanics leakbuster program, which
is the exact system I used to make over
seven figures playing online poker and
have since taught to hundreds of
students so they could do the same.
Through our league finder stats and
pop-ups, you will gain clarity on your
biggest leaks and tendencies, insights
on how your strategies have been
performing in game, and the impact
variance has had on your results. But
knowing your stats is only the
beginning. In the program, we dig deep
into the root causes behind your leaks
and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve. As a poker player,
you'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break, and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back and take
your game to the next level, join the
mechanics leakbuster program using the
link down below. And for the first month
of enrollment only, you will get access
to weekly group coaching calls with me
and get a chance to win a one-on-one
coaching session in which I personally
review your game. So don't miss out on
this limited opportunity. Join the
mechanics league buster program using
the link down below and looking forward
to seeing you guys in there.
So defend big blind in anti.
Yep. Yeah. I was wondering if you if
there were going to be leads. I mean it
feels like a good board to have leads
but yeah I mean I don't know anti like
intuitively this felt quite good. like
you're you're going to have 108 off and
he won't, right? So like there's already
like a top range advantage and you're
you're definitely connecting more in
terms of board pairs and like 76 or
whatever like 97. So So yeah, like I
could definit Yeah. So So far I'm with
it. Um
probably
I mean there's a lot of different ways
you can play this turn.
Like you could play like a split and
then your hand makes a lot of sense to
just keep blocking.
Um the more singlesized it gets the more
mixed it will become I think. But like
my my intuition would be that this hand
just wants to block a lot and then like
occasionally you have you have like a
sideline where you where you rep a six
but most of your range is just barreling
small.
&gt;&gt; Right. I uh kind of agree with that. I
would probably
like okay there will indeed be like I
think a couple hands that I intuitive I
think want to set size big but yeah for
the most part for the most part I play
these spots kind of from small and then
I feel like my bigger bets are kind of
become like my block three bets that's
usually kind of how I approach this
situation but I do see here with flush
draw
&gt;&gt; that if you if you only are dependent on
him raising to get more money in that
could definitely be a mistake. Yeah, I
mean it's it's just like in general
there's like there's always this
equilibrium of you know your your like
nuttish hands are like their tendency to
go in the block is just a function of
how much they raise you right so like if
someone if someone isn't really going to
play back enough then you get quite a
strong incentive to play the sideline so
I don't I wouldn't be like prescriptive
about it and say you have to but I think
it's quite valuable to
be at least thinking about okay is this
the kind of guy that's going to
generally be passive enough that I I
should be developing this or is it like
fine to play like more single small
size?
&gt;&gt; What do you think on this texture? I I
kind of torn between because on the one
side if you only play small you kind of
make life sort of easy for his draws,
right? You don't really force them. But
I do feel like because the board is so
drawy, if you block again, feel like
most players would probably up their
frequency too much with like 9x or
better. So therefore, the three bet
opens up again.
Do you see do you see kind of the same
dilemma because of how dry the board is?
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, that could um there's
always a lot more freedom for the other
player when they're in position.
Um when people are out of position and
they're having to contemplate like just
floating draws without showdown value,
um they get a bit more handcuffed to
like, you know, hands just have clear
incentives there. Whereas in position,
they could, you know, they could race to
try and take it now. They could race to
deny equity to you, but they can um they
can also just like float you down and
just, you know, they're going to get to
play in position at a deep SPR on a
bunch of rivers, which are going to
cause big problems for your range,
which is not, you know, which is not the
worst worst spot to be in, which is why
it can be tempting to play these BOS
kind of backloaded, but then also, you
know, there's a lot of activities, I
think. Yeah. I mean, it can sort of go
both ways. And I mean, also the thing is
when when you size bigger, it's like
it's not really like you're trying to
you're not trying to make the big draws
fold. You're just trying to make stuff
like two overs with a 10 actually like
fold. Like you can't really you can't
get protection against a combo draw.
That's like that's calling like any size
you would reasonably use. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, it's more like that that you kind of
miss out on value, right? So like if you
only play block, I can see for example
value hands missing out on out calls
basically. I do agree with obviously
like this sizing is great for 78 just to
deny king jack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So phase of race.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh this is quite a quite a nice
size for them to use. I could maybe go
like a little bit bigger, but I think
it's I think a lot of people I saw were
using way too much geometric
uh in in the in the midst championships.
I think this guy won, didn't he? Or like
um but like yeah, I think it's quite
nice to have this sort of raise size
where you can incorporate more
protection raises
&gt;&gt; and then
but like it's not like it's going to be
horrendous to to go non- geometric with
the nuts. Um but I think I think
sometimes people get into this mindset
where like they're raising and it's like
I will like if I'm raising it's cuz I'm
blame for stacks. But this is kind of
this is quite a clear spot where you
want to have some protection hands.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you want to race smaller,
right? Do you think he could raise the
same hand as mine as me, for example?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's kind of it's kind of getting
close. I mean, I feel like with the
ante, it's maybe like maybe in there.
It's just it it's intuitive to raise the
ace9 more like dramatically more though
to a human. Um, but like they could also
raise some like 9x with clubs or like 10
98, you know, like the redraw ones which
can uh just like dominate some like bet
calling draws or like some 87 or
whatever. Um, so yeah, I I think your
hand I feel like your hand just has to
continue. It doesn't feel great, but I
think it's I think it's I think the kick
is probably good enough that I would
just like always call.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess it gets more dicey if you
have like jack nine, right? Then you
prefer to have 9 10 or 98 78 even seven.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a chance all of these are
are indifferent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and then and then it's like
relying on your opponent merging enough.
Uh which is always a weird place to be
when you're playing in these
championships. But he's showing the size
like he's going for the size which shows
he has merges.
&gt;&gt; Also important to me and I do think
actually a king nine here since the
board is spar definitely more valuable
than jack nine. Let's say he has queens
you know we actually have an over
whereas if we have jack nine we don't.
&gt;&gt; So I definitely think the king king is
in there. Uh river four of clubs. Would
you build like some sort of leading
range here maybe?
&gt;&gt; Uh I don't
I I think there's just a few too many
things going against it. Like we have
quite a wide range of showdown.
Um
so even when we have river the nuts,
we're sort of we're we're probably just
going to play it more passively with our
showdown.
Um it's not like tons of money has gone
into the pot by this point.
Um,
and it's not like it's not like
Imposition is super capped either. Like
I think they can still have like a
pretty reasonable betting volume. I
think I probably skip skip on the
leading edge. Yeah, it doesn't.
&gt;&gt; I mean I I think if it's like
if it's maybe a like a 10 of clubs or
something then maybe or like a five of
clubs maybe then you get to have leads.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. like when when the four straight
comes in as well and then like there's
enough devaluing going on that like at
that point in position might not reopen
a six and also you have like a lot of
your like pair plus draw hands have now
like now they don't need to be scored.
They're actually been value bets with
like the 98 and the 87.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the 10 and a five is
definitely better. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Um Yeah. And then we have the king of
clubs, right? So,
I have I have an idea about where this
one is going. Um,
well,
I mean, this guy's playing a lot of
tables, so I feel like I played a bit
with him. I think he was a bit of a
crazy redlininer.
Um,
and that has some interesting effects
because it it means he's probably going
a bit thinner than he should quite
often.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So you maybe have a few targets, but
also those are the kind of guys who
range call you. So there's the kind of
there's this kind of dance going on
where like uh you get to make a lot more
of their range indifferent, but
sometimes they'll just say [ __ ] you and
range call you anyway. Uh and and like
you know obviously the hands which
profit are like you know the top range
hands just inherently do well against
these guys. Um and then like the bluffs
are always like a bit a bit shaky. um
that they have a lot more wild like
wildly varying EB. Um I mean having the
having the nine is obviously uh quite
nice on that king of clubs is um I mean
also what like his size is kind of
saying his size is kind of saying 65 to
me like six without a kicker although
maybe maybe
&gt;&gt; no he would definitely value bet I think
ace9 is probably his bottom. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing against
this guy. It's like like this feels like
it should be something like that, but
Yeah. I was going to say 10 plus, but
then Yeah. Ace9. That's kind of
interesting. Yeah. Cuz I'm I feel like
he's probably coming in with the
assumption that you were just three bet
six when he races so small. He's
probably going pretty [ __ ] thin. Um
so given that he's going really thin, it
kind of makes sense to Yeah. Yeah. But
you get to value Ray a lot more. And I
definitely think he can also just show
up here with king jack with a club, for
example. I don't think that's
unreasonable for him.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That that's
that's an important aspect of it. Just
just having like the random like like
the random spew raises sometimes in
there. Um yeah, I don't want to fold.
I'm just like trying to talk myself into
whether I want to raise or not. Yeah. I
don't It's kind It's kind of close.
Probably like because you you have a lot
of hands like this. Um, you think so?
Actually,
&gt;&gt; yeah. I mean, you can have like cuz you
you can you can also have a bunch of the
like 10 nine with the nine of clubs, 98
nine of clubs,
uh, like 87 with the eight of clubs
because I I and I think though like
blocking the combo draws or blocking the
nineex of clubs is probably I mean
especially I think like the if he has a
nine high flush that one's one of the
primary bet call ones, right? like
&gt;&gt; um like unblocking unblocking as many
bluffs and I don't think you can have
like can you check shove like a 10 high
flush probably not no
&gt;&gt; no I mean he's going he's going pretty I
would I would definitely uh uh I would
check pretty pretty light there to be
honest
&gt;&gt; yeah I yeah I think against this guy
also also yeah if he if he had a 10
flush beat he'd probably just jam
&gt;&gt; he's he's probably just jamming yeah so
so so yeah you can just stick those ones
in
&gt;&gt; let's say have 108 I would just jam it
in You don't. Okay. Well, at that point,
at that point, we could start justifying
a lot more bluffs. I think I would not
depend how you look at it, of course.
But yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. Maybe we're
jamming 108 because we're getting called
way too [ __ ] light.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I just think I just think he he
he has shown to show up with random
hands, right? That's why he he's been
giving a lot of action, but he's not
been going very thin.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; so I think actually that could
incentivize both more bluffs and more
value. I don't think one excludes the
other.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, we like it's like we just
got to dodge the range call, but I think
Yeah, I guess like I guess you kind of
just run it and just hope that this
isn't the time.
&gt;&gt; Let's say he has like queen jack of
clubs or something. I don't think that
hand's really interesting interested in
raising the turn, right? He's bucking a
lot of my like bet folds with like a
jack 10 and you never want to get three
bet. So, I'm not actually too concerned
about a flush other than like you said,
maybe some combo draws like 98, 910. I'm
not too concerned actually about
flushes.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it could definitely be a I could
see a boat though. The turn is very
cheap. He's not trying to deny any real
equity with that raise and he's just
giving you the opportunity to come over
the top. Like, I think a boat definitely
makes sense. And then like this size on
the river is kind of like, you know,
with a with a boat. kind of like, oh, I
mean, I hope he pays me with a nine and
if he has a flush, I'm getting it anyway
and then like maybe he spews off. Like,
I could
I don't I don't know. I haven't played
against him, but I I could see I could
see how, you know, even a guy who tends
to be sort of on the overplay side could
end up here with like something like he
could end up here with something a bit
uncapped, but like I don't Yeah, I don't
really think this is going to be a
medium flush. I think if he has a hand
which feels a bit like which isn't super
hype to get the action of a jam, he'll
probably just put it in himself and rely
on image. Um that's like I mean also
that's how these guys carry so many
bluffs, right? Like their their tendency
is to just like mostly put the money in
themselves. Um and then they can get
away with being so aggro with their um
but yeah. Yeah, I think I think I think
playing playing back here is kind of you
know kind of fun. Um, yeah, I think that
there's like some gameplay flow things
which go into this, you know? I feel
like when you're at the table, you can
sort of feel a bit more about like like
whether the guy is like relaxed or or
like or whether he's at the end of his
thread and like close to reaching
breaking point. You know, these things
can be like uh these things can like
sort of make or break a play. Whether
the guy's like, you know, if you like
everything we said about how he plays
generally can be true, but if the guy's
down 10 10 stacks in the last hour, then
he might just like this might just be
pure [ __ ] suic.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he he ended up winning, so I'm
sure the chances were bigger that he was
on up swinging than on the down swing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's true. But then you
get the winner's tilt.
&gt;&gt; True. Then he's like he feels
invincible. So maybe maybe I should only
bluff mid guys in the pack. That's
basically what you're saying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bluff bluff guys who
are bluff guys who are farming that like
3Bb win rate and the it's fragile. Like
they got they got to fold to make sure
they don't they don't toss the win rate
away.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, we we we did get the
call.
&gt;&gt; Uh
fair hand though from his side.
I mean, I don't actually see the Ace of
Clubs, I think, looks prettier than it
actually is. I don't really I don't
really see a ace of club draw that I
would lead flop
&gt;&gt; actually.
I mean, like,
&gt;&gt; yeah, like a club,
&gt;&gt; but like Yeah, I was a ace ace five is
often free playing like a bit of ace9. I
mean, yeah, it it it is also not
blocking too many bluffs, but
um just cuz I think I think when you're
raising the turn like like sorry, when
he raises the turn, he's probably not
raising nut plus draw super often. So
then it's probably like when you're
trying to block flushes, you probably
want slightly lower. I mean, I'm not
100% sure on that, but that feels right
to me. Yeah. Yeah. This one's Yeah.
Also, it's aces. Like aces just feels
harder to fold than every other.
&gt;&gt; It's true. Especially you feel you feel
like if you think about your whole range
especially knowing him he goes thin then
aces feels pretty high up there and you
know like you said yeah you know I have
a club.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know villain villain can sometimes
put something funky.
&gt;&gt; Uh I have definitely showed some bluffs
but also some some value.
&gt;&gt; Uh verdict.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Flop dunk. Turn dunk.
&gt;&gt; Uh I'd say yeah. I like the flop dunk
and the turn dunk. I think the call
you're sort of handcuffed to or like I
mean it's worse your AV. Uh and then the
river I feel yeah the river
it would be nicer if he had a more out
there showdown. Like
we could knock this down to a three out
of 10 if he had like jacks no club or
something or but but when he has aces
with a club I think it's like you know
sort of yeah I'd say like sort of six
out of 10 play it's like you know it's
it's fine. Uh you're getting graded a
bit harshly actually to be honest. If I
saw this from most of the other mistakes
guys they get might get a few more
points but say this one this one's this
one's re this one's reasonable. Uh yeah,
it's it's reasonable, but it's like
Yeah, I I mean I I I can see why you go
for it. Um I I'd have to I'd have to DB
review the guy to tell you if this was
Plus EV or not. See
Yeah, cuz that there's a funny like cuz
these guys and I assume he's like pretty
aware because he won. When they do this
stuff, they often know that they like
they at least know vaguely that they
don't really have that many strong hands
there. So, you know, the thing we were
saying about how like, yeah, he like he
uh we don't really run into the nuts as
often and we can jam super thin, but
yeah, I it's like the range core effect
I was saying when bluffing or like
sometimes not the range call. They just
know they're super capped in these in
these lines and then they just go ah
like [ __ ] it, I'll defend my capped
range. Um it's like, yeah, it's kind of
like a classic uh classic American live
rag play. They like turn their hand face
up and then range call you.
So, so yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, what what was the verdict? Six out
of 10.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll give this one six out of 10.
The Jack 7 was definitely a lot better.
&gt;&gt; And like that was
I'm using that to scale it. Like the
Jack 7 got an eight. So then this is
this was definitely a notch or two
below.
&gt;&gt; Nice. All right. And we're multi-way
anti
really going to test my free poker here.
All right.
Okay. checked the round.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, not many wrong ways to
play this one now. Um, I don't really
know either of these guys either, so it'
be hard to
hard to guess about like, you know, what
be good against them. What one thing
about multiway is that often like, you
know, it's like what I was saying
earlier where the out position player
range checks in when they get flat in
position. If someone's doing that
multi-way
then
like obviously that knockon effect comes
to the turn here and like the uh like
Bondos,
however you pronounce that has
&gt;&gt; he might he might just have like his
entire pre flop range here. He might be
completely unfiltered. And if that's the
case, you're probably still supposed to
play pretty passively here and like only
use like small sizes or or like checking
a lot. Um I be my guess what we're
supposed to do. And I know like king
seven clubs really make sense in either
of those. I wouldn't really want to come
out too much for a big size. Yeah, this
this this
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I kind of I kind of I thought I
usually in the situations as well,
right? I kind of had the same
assumption. I think this guy can
definitely still be very uncap, but I do
still want to let's say I have 910 or
let's say I have pocket sevens. I still
feel like I kind of want to bet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So then this sizing kind of naturally
flows out. Then I would just only use
this sizing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's a lot of equity to the n
multiway. Just getting people to fold
random over cards is is worth a lot.
Like I agree.
Yeah. Um and then
I mean so this is like a two thirds pot
raise.
Uh yeah it kind of makes sense for him
to be doing this like quite wide to deny
some equity.
Um
you know both from the guy behind like
from the guy behind as much as it might
be from you. Um espe like that guy
especially gets put in a really weird
spot when he has a hand like ace5 and
this happens. Um I mean probably I mean
really weird might be overstating. It
might just be easy fold. Uh but that
does mean because he has such a he has
such a strong incentive to deny equity
and he's not doing that well in terms of
top range hands.
Like I mean I don't think he has 106
suited even with the anti. Don't think
he has six suited. maybe 75,
but like he's kind he's kind of
struggling a bit in terms of top range
hands, and this is going to have like a
lot of more merged raises. There's
there's definitely a lot you can go
after, and you can, you know, you you
have some hands to to back it up. Like,
I mean, you don't have many offsuit two
pairs, but you you do have some stuff.
You have like a premium hand for it. Uh
I mean, we we could call as well. We
definitely have the equity to call. Um,
I'd say I'm like more on the side of
raising than calling.
&gt;&gt; I feel like if I had like king three or
king five, I would definitely always
come over the top. I think king eight
just always calling, right? So, this one
I feel like is kind of in the middle. Or
at least that's how I perceive this in
game.
Yeah, I mean I I I I I try to especially
when playing against these mystics guys,
I try to increase the hands which I
would consider to have like freedom,
&gt;&gt; you know, like even even if I have a
hand which is a bit more like which is
technically a bit more solver
handcuffed. Uh I I'm a bit like a bit
more happy to to get out of line if I if
I I mean you know not knowing the guy
but like you know that there's a type of
player who's gonna just like protection
raise like tons and tons and tons and
then uh like they they might like read
the small size as being very captain and
they only realize that you have some
stuff in it when you come back over the
top. I do think it's very very
functional like because he's multi-way
and actually in the other previous hand
as well with the king nine right because
the board has double flusher I think
both are like spots where if you're the
imposition guy you you really feel like
it's okay I need to put a little bit
more money in with like king 10 or the
other spot right with king nine so I
definitely think like bet three ben is
going to be very effective uh in both
situations uh and it's good to induce
there as well in both spot
&gt;&gt; he's probably like one one of the
downsides to it is he's he's probably
like I'd say a miss is probably under
bluffing here. Um so you just run into
less auto folds.
&gt;&gt; I think with you know we're aspecting
the guy behind
&gt;&gt; he probably doesn't do enough spewing
around with like two over cards.
Um, so I think which kind of makes
playing back with this sort of hand
worse cuz he's often going to have a
hand which can call turn and so then
it's like are we putting in are we going
to raise turn ship river with a hand
which is going to have terrible blockers
by river. I mean you know you can still
justify that play. You can throw the
blockers out the window if you think
he's called folding a turn. Um,
yeah. It's kind of like it's almost like
I I kind of rather have a worse draw so
that I'll have better blockers on river.
If the idea is he has like a bunch of
jack 10 type hands which we can get to
call fold then it's like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I would much rather go with the
with the 65 or something or four five
here with the flop with the three bet so
I can just jam river you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can jam river guiltree.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And then this one Yeah. So my evaluation
was similar to you. I thought like okay
pretty probably pretty strong. I can
have three bet and then if he gems it's
like okay I go sort of combo draw guys
call it off. I'm not very happy on river
so I thought okay uh calling seems a
little bit better. Uh river deuce
like
I'm so sure I'm so sure you um
uh yeah I I was wondering if it was
going to be all in. Yeah, I was
wondering if uh this Yeah, this is kind
of fun. I don't know if
I would have led here. I'm not sure if I
would have led all in
just cuz I like his most intuitive
raises are going to be like Ace5, king
five, right? Like other other than the
combo draws, but we block the combo
draws. So then it's like does he have
enough does he have enough 5x in there
that our own 5x doesn't jam? Probably
not. Like I mean it's kind of it's
close.
&gt;&gt; We have
for example.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean we can have a lot of
but but it's like like it depends how
much protection raising he's doing,
right? Like if he's doing like if his
range is more polarized here despite the
size which it could be multiway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I said like I said I feel
like because of the multi-way right and
also the fact that we didn't really want
to three bet on the turn, right? Because
we thought it was maybe a bit too much
over pairs king 10 type of hands. I
think a 5x is what? Maybe five% of his
range. Just top of mind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'm I'm just I'm just wondering
if we'd want to go more like well like
going 3x pot is usually
that's like a 95% plus equity hand. And
so then if it if it gets more than 5%
then then you want to go more like you
might want to go more 150.
Um, I'm I'm I'm still down to like dunk
and like dunk big. I'm just like not
100% on the size, but like this is also
I mean this also has more of a fear
factor to it. Like they might
&gt;&gt; if you have a blob if you have a block
maybe jamming is a bit more effective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if you go like if you go 225 bucks
here, maybe they go, "Oh, why didn't he
put the full stack in?" It's like, I'm
just trying to make a technically
accurate play and like they just range
call you. to be fair like if how
balanced I am here is really dependent
on my opponent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that
there's a guy who the number one concern
is consistency against and they were not
playing 500 and like those guys are
playing those guys will be playing in
November.
&gt;&gt; So he uh he faults. So that obviously
increases in points right if it works.
&gt;&gt; Obviously obviously the best play.
&gt;&gt; Your verdict?
&gt;&gt; Um okay rating out of 10. ring out of
10. Um,
yeah. So, I'm I think I I started by
wanting to come over the top on the turn
play, but then more I started thinking
about the more I was like, "Yeah, this
hand
like it's like I feel like I feel like
we could do some nice things coming over
the top, but I think a lot of them a lot
of them wanted a different hand." So,
I'm actually, you know, down down to
cool then river. Like, yeah, I
definitely wanted to dunk. It's just
like a size thing. Um,
yeah, I'd say I'd say this one's this
one's like a nine out of 10 for me,
honestly. It's like it's it's like the
right the right amount of flare. We
repped like really clean throughout. I
think we realized the equity in the
right way as well. Um so like you know
like told a good story, made sure we
didn't get blown off our combo draw
despite how tempting it was. Um and then
like you know definitely I I think also
played the combo draw passively for the
right reasons. Like you know sometimes
you have to risk getting blown off your
equity or like having to call off
marginally. But I think I think there
should be like you know you've got to
know when those situations are and more
I think about it the more I think this
wasn't quite the one for that
&gt;&gt; and and maybe to add like half a point
this I actually this was not like oh
river is a deuce maybe I should damn I
called the turn considering hey if the
river is the deuce or the seven I have a
bunch of 5x does that increase my points
so it wasn't like oh river is a deuce
now I can
&gt;&gt; didn't we didn't we didn't we say we
were free betting 54 off on 65 off on
the
Didn't we just say that?
&gt;&gt; Hey man, poker poker. Okay, you're
you're you're you're now giving my
strategy here. Okay, poker is a
perceived range game.
&gt;&gt; When your perceive is strong, that's
when you shouldn't have it and vice
versa.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean
I Okay, I I'll give it I'll give it a
9.5 for now, but I reserve my right to
move it lower if there is a cooler hand.
All right. All right. This This one's
pretty fun, though.
Yeah, we're going to say three out of
10. It might be plus EV in a vacuum.
&gt;&gt; It's plus three out of 10.
&gt;&gt; He has the miss combo as well. It's so
beautiful. That's so nice. Got really
bad timing for this one cuz I think I
had this spot two days ago on the other
side and called them down with bad two
pet. Although actually that'd be good
cuz you have bad two pet feet.