[00:00]
I started playing higher stakes. I
started battling with all these guys
that I looked up to and I think I was
just a little bit too content, a little
bit too happy and I kind of lost like my
killer instinct and I I bust the main
event one year. I lost like a whatever
Kings [music] to Aces Pre. It just

[00:15]
Kings [music] to Aces Pre. It just
wasn't high enough stakes for me to like
really make the right decision. And so I
thought to myself, okay, like if I had a
gun to my head and like I raised the
stakes to be as high as I could possibly
go, like would I have folded? Today we
will be chatting with highstakes entity
player Justin Saliba. In this episode,

[00:31]
player Justin Saliba. In this episode,
Justin reviews the mindset he has built
to play and exploit the world's best
players. One thing I noticed early on in
Triton is that a lot of the guys did not
like being on stream. You're on day
eight. You just lost half a million
dollars and now you have a tough river

[00:45]
dollars and now you have a tough river
decision on stream in front of thousands
of people. So I just lied to myself. I
was like, "Okay, perfect. They don't
like streams. I love streams. Put me on
the stream as much as you want. put me
in the biggest spot in the world every
single time so that when I hit rock
bottom, I sent him a message and I said,
"Hey, poker's not for me. I'm going to
go get a job in engineering. I'm done

[01:01]
go get a job in engineering. I'm done
with this." And he was like, "Give me a
call." And we got on the phone and he
was like, "What's going on?" Like, like,
"Talk to me." And he really walked me
off the ledge, you know? And every time
I'm like running bad or whatever, I
always try to put in my head that like
this is part of the competition.

[01:15]
this is part of the competition.
Everybody's going to run bad in these
moments. And so if I can be the person
that runs bad and still works hard,
still brings my aame, still believes I'm
going to win. When my opponent runs bad,
he's moaning about it for three days, he
he can't stop talking about at the
table. I'm like, this is a like people

[01:30]
table. I'm like, this is a like people
think that these high stickakes pros
have it all figured out. I look at those
guys and I'm like, I'm going to eat this
guy live.
Thank you guys for tuning in to what's
going to be another great episode of the
Mechanics of Poker podcast. Quick
announcement. We have seats open for our

[01:47]
announcement. We have seats open for our
mechanics of poker coaching program. If
you want to work with me and Adam and
have us help you make more progress in
your poker career, you can apply using
the link down below or go over to
mechanicsofpoker.com.

[02:00]
mechanicsofpoker.com.
Without further ado, guys, enjoy this
episode. Justin, you've been deep in the
high roller circuit the past couple of
years. You play WSOPs, Tritons, you have
milliondoll course. when doing some
research on you for this podcast, one

[02:15]
research on you for this podcast, one
word kept on coming back, which was war
mode. So, I like to start there. Can you
explain to me what war mode is and how
that looks like in practice?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, it it's just kind of a trick I
try to play on myself to bring my very

[02:32]
try to play on myself to bring my very
best game. So, um, I I kind of had this
thought when, you know, I had an issue
early on when I started playing live,
and that was that I was a little bit too
happy to be there. You know, I started

[02:45]
happy to be there. You know, I started
playing higher stakes. I started
battling with all these guys that I
looked up to, and I think I was a little
bit too content, a little bit too happy,
and I kind of lost like my like killer
instinct and like the the the real drive
to like make the right decision. And I I

[03:00]
to like make the right decision. And I I
bust the main event one year and I I
remember talking to friends because I
lost like a whatever Kings to Aces Pre,
but the way it happens in the main event
is that it just wasn't high enough
stakes for me to like really make the
right decision. And so I thought to

[03:15]
right decision. And so I thought to
myself, okay, like if I had a gun to my
head and like I raised the stakes to be
as high as I could possibly go, like
would I have folded? Of course, right?
And so then I started to really think
about, all right, well, something's
wrong in my preparation in the way that
I'm doing this because like it doesn't

[03:30]
I'm doing this because like it doesn't
mean enough for me to play my very
absolute best. And that's kind of a
scapegoat. It's like you get a bluff
catcher on the river and you know the
guy's under bluffing, but you're like,
"Man, I've been running bad. Like I feel
less resilient. Let me just pay this one
because I'm supposed to pay this one or

[03:45]
because I'm supposed to pay this one or
I should pay this one." And it's like a
lazy way to play cards. And so I think
that that's kind of when I started to
lean into this like war mode of like,
okay, when I'm at the table, it's as
important as life or death for me to
like play my best. It's this river
decision means more to me than anything.
And if I can put myself in that mindset,

[04:01]
And if I can put myself in that mindset,
it it helps me just play my best in big
moments. Uh- which is where you kind of
have to be when you're when you're
battling at the high stakes.
&gt;&gt; What is uh what are signs that you're
slipping out of war mode and how do you

[04:15]
slipping out of war mode and how do you
then get back in? Because obviously it's
good, you know, to have the intent of
war mode, but I I would assume that
sometimes, you know, you you you you
know, you you might go out of it. How do
you how do you refocus and what are like
the signs that you're out of war mode?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I actually I worked with a
performance coach for a little bit and

[04:31]
performance coach for a little bit and
the whole goal was how can I get back in
this mindset in 10 seconds at the table?
And like we do like a little
visualization exercise where I just like
take a deep breath. I imagine my bodies
like starting to like glow and then like

[04:45]
like starting to like glow and then like
when I open my eyes I'm like back in
back in this warm mode, right? Like I'm
back ready like to play my best and be
the best version of of myself at the
table. Um and and there's so many signs
of how to get out. Like it's so easy in
long days to hop on your phone or check

[05:01]
long days to hop on your phone or check
sports scores. Um you know, look at chip
stacks or look at what's up top or get
distracted by all these distractions
that are possible. you know, you have to
eat at the table a lot of times in these
high rollers. Um, it's easy to like
start eating food and it put you in a

[05:15]
start eating food and it put you in a
place of like, "Let me chat to this guy.
Like, we're buddies. Like, why don't I
ask him how his family is or whatever?"
And like, you're always going to have
those moments. Um, but I want to be able
to try to get back in that mode when my
decisions are most important. And can I
do that quickly? I actually like a small

[05:30]
do that quickly? I actually like a small
tangent, but I had my very first Triton.
I went to Vietnam and I didn't know
anybody there. Like I knew of these guys
obviously, but like I wasn't friendly
with people there. It was a super like
I'm alone on this trip. And the jet lag
was crazy. I I was feeling not my best.

[05:47]
was crazy. I I was feeling not my best.
And I had a good stack and it was in the
mystery bounty. And I remember going up
to my room on the 40minute break and
just feeling so messed up and tired. And
I just like sat down for 30 minutes and
it like killed me. When I went back to

[06:01]
it like killed me. When I went back to
play the very first hand off the deck,
we were on the stream table. Now I'm in
the big blind. I'm not in like the right
state to play. Naza opened the cutoff. I
have a close decision pre immediately.
The bounties have just gotten turned on

[06:15]
The bounties have just gotten turned on
and I end up just like blundering this
hand purely because of my mindset and
preparation. Like it had nothing to do
like if you if you gave me the hand, I
wouldn't have made the mistake if I'm
like my best version. So, I think trying
to find ways to um just just perform at

[06:30]
to find ways to um just just perform at
my highest level is super important to
me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're talking about uh not
necessarily something technical, right?
You're talking more about the
performance aspect of poker. So, like
percentage- wise, how much of becoming a
big winner in poker, right? A successful

[06:45]
big winner in poker, right? A successful
player do you think is technical and how
much is other stuff? And what would the
other stuff be? Obviously, you now
mentioned like the performance aspect.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, when when you said that, I
kind of immediately thought of like, you
know, FIFA or something where you're

[07:00]
know, FIFA or something where you're
building your own players. Like,
everybody's different, right? I I think
that for me, the technical aspect was so
important to me for so many years, and I
had to catch up on the performance
aspect. Whereas guys that played more
than me, played more live than me, um,
had more experience. I felt like they

[07:15]
had more experience. I felt like they
kind of had the mindset performance
stuff pretty like pretty locked down.
And so, like it was a bigger part of
them as a player, right? as a player
profile kind of like I always had a lot
of respect for um you know David Peters
comes to mind the guy just doesn't give

[07:31]
comes to mind the guy just doesn't give
anything away he is so focused at the
table he takes 20 seconds he checks
every single time he does you know what
I mean he's so methodical and so good at
the table and and that's a skill set
that he has right and so I look at that
and I'm like all right well he's

[07:45]
and I'm like all right well he's
definitely not going to scorch it off
whereas like me like I've studied
infinite hours of the game and if I see
this combo that like I could check race,
turn, shove, river, right? Maybe if I'm
a little bit fatigued,

[08:00]
a little bit fatigued,
I do it 80% of the time or maybe I just
do it every time, right? And so I have
these performance issues that would lead
to kind of scorching off stacks a bit
more often than some of these other
guys. So I think that yeah, the the
makeup of players are all all different,
but for me, I had to learn that kind of
on the back end of it because I was so

[08:16]
on the back end of it because I was so
focused on theory early on. Also it also
just simply due to the change of
environments I can imagine you know
especially if you go to Triton which is
like considered you know the the the
highest level in NPTs nowadays. So you
have like the added pressure financial

[08:30]
have like the added pressure financial
but also like camera stream like you
said I think time zone difference
between like a Vietnam or Jju or
something like that huge jet slack
you're fatigued I guess also
circumstances that these other guys you
know they're probably used to they have
a lot of experience they probably know
how to how to deal with that in a better

[08:45]
how to how to deal with that in a better
way. Was that a big part? And what have
you learned over the years now that you
have more experience? So, how how do you
kind of prevent that from having too big
of an impact on your game?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's um I mean, it's such a
big thing. I I I have a hard time

[09:00]
big thing. I I I have a hard time
understanding how you can prevent it
without just making the mistakes and
iterating as fast as possible because it
it feels so difficult to prepare for
what it actually is. Um without just
doing it. I think like the first time
you play for a million dollars is just

[09:15]
you play for a million dollars is just
it's just a different feeling. The first
time you're playing at a final like my
first Triton final table was eight of
the best no limit players in the last 10
years and like until you do that it's
really really difficult to simulate that

[09:30]
really really difficult to simulate that
in your head of how you're going to
react of how you're going to feel
emotionally. Um is your confidence going
to be fine or are you going to feel like
I need to show them how good I am at
poker because I care what Phil Ivy
thinks. I care what Jason [ __ ] thinks,
right? And so until you go through that,

[09:45]
right? And so until you go through that,
I think that like there's no there's no
perfect prep. Um but but you really do
end up just in my experience just
getting to a point where you kind of
pull out what's what's important about
this. And I think if you don't have
confidence in your game, like for me,

[10:01]
confidence in your game, like for me,
that is the my war mode. It's like,
okay, well these guys like they came
with their families, they came with
their kids, they're out having coffee in
the morning and whatever. Like I'm
watching every hand on stream. So when
this final table comes, I know how these
guys are feeling way more than they know
anything about me, right? So I have to

[10:16]
anything about me, right? So I have to
feel like I'm in that war mode to kind
of give myself that confidence to have
um to to have success in those moments
because it's not I don't have an edge in
experience. I don't have an edge in in
financial, you know what I mean? Like
like I don't have more money than them.

[10:30]
like I don't have more money than them.
I don't have more experience than them.
They've been doing this longer. So like
I have to find my edges differently.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's inevitable, right?
Like how do you get used to a higher
stake? Well, there yeah, play it, right?
There's there's no there's no shortcut.
Uh, also I think for for maybe the

[10:46]
Uh, also I think for for maybe the
audience listening, like going also in
with the expectation of okay, well, you
know, this is probably going to feel a
bit different, right? Because I'm
playing outside of my comfort zone and
kind of aligning expectations uh
accordingly. You mentioned like u that
you have I think you mentioned this

[11:00]
you have I think you mentioned this
twice now like that you want to show how
good you are to for example an Ivy or
Chitwick. How does that look or
translate into your play? Because I can
imagine, for example, if you would put
me on a table like that, I would
probably feel more intimidated than
anything and I would just basically

[11:17]
anything and I would just basically
choke everything. But you seem to have
like the opposite response where you go
over fancy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think that
Yeah. Everybody's going to react
differently. What I feel is that like uh
I like this saying where like um fatigue

[11:30]
I like this saying where like um fatigue
makes a coward of us all. And when we
think about how fatigue affects you,
it's going to affect everybody
differently. But to me, it kind of
diminishes you back to like your natural
tendencies of of a poker player. And for
me, I'm scorchy. Like that's just me.

[11:45]
me, I'm scorchy. Like that's just me.
When I first started playing, I wanted
to make the guy look stupid. I wanted to
find every single bluff and just redline
people as hard as I could. Like that was
like my initial tendency. So I think
that that is kind of what it led me to
early on when I started playing bigger.

[12:00]
early on when I started playing bigger.
It's like I felt less than when I first
started to play at 10K or something.
like I felt like these guys are better
than me in a way. And so the way that I
was um you know immaturely showing that
is well I'm going to take every computer

[12:15]
is well I'm going to take every computer
bluff and just and just you know just
show down that like like one thing I had
to do is that I I was finding that okay
I'm trying to prove to these guys how
much I've studied or how good I am
theoretically at this game. And so I'm
taking all these bluffs. And so what I
had to do was I remember I this is

[12:30]
had to do was I remember I this is
probably 2021 or 2022.
I said to myself when I'm trying to
tweak my frequencies, I said if I feel
like my hand should bluff every time, I
need to do it 20% of the time. And
that's how I'm going to try to control
my frequency because I'm having this

[12:45]
my frequency because I'm having this
like emotional like this emotional thing
happen where I really want to do this
and so I have to rein that in some way,
right? And part of that's mindset, but
part of that's also like trying to give
yourself some guard rails to to to play
well.

[13:02]
Yeah, I like that. Like um you know
people use RGs for various reasons, but
the one you explained I can associate
with the most is like basically a bias
check, right? Like oh I probably want to
do this but to keep my bias in check
I'll sort of RNG this 50/50 instead of

[13:16]
I'll sort of RNG this 50/50 instead of
just doing it 100% of the time. Whereas
like in in like theory world you know
RNGing is important because you know the
solver knows the other guy which doesn't
really apply in practice but to kind of
keep yourself in check and override your
bias I think it's very useful.

[13:30]
bias I think it's very useful.
Yeah. Yeah. And and also for for me like
just understanding like what kind of
emotional state I'm in in that moment.
Like do I think that my hand should call
this river truly because he'll be over
bluffing or do I even have 5% in me
that's like I want to be sick like I

[13:47]
that's like I want to be sick like I
want to make this sick play this sick
hero call or whatever it might be. Like
do I have any emotion pushing my bias in
this very moment such that I need to
kind of like try to push push against
that in some way?
you would rather bust by making that low

[14:02]
you would rather bust by making that low
frequency play and then at least you can
see wow it was low a cool bluff you know
then you would just check it showdown
basically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah the younger version of me
definitely would like those are
definitely mistakes that I had to kind
of try to grow out of um once I kind of

[14:18]
of try to grow out of um once I kind of
started maturing and gaining that
experience that that kind of uh helps
you with all those kind of issues.
You mentioned that that your first
trident table was full of like eight of
the best in the limit holder players in

[14:30]
the best in the limit holder players in
the 10 years last 10 years. Uh what was
the scorchy bust out hand?
&gt;&gt; Um I didn't have a scorchy one in that
one. Luckily I think like my first five
streamed FTs I scorched it off in some

[14:46]
streamed FTs I scorched it off in some
fashion that on that one I was really
just focused on playing well. But I I
made some some technical some technical
errors in that FT. Um, but I but once
again it's like an experience thing. The
Triton payout structure is much
different than what I'm used to in
America. I'm used to flatter payout

[15:01]
America. I'm used to flatter payout
structures and I think that I didn't
realize how topheavy it was forhanded.
So I remember I I just think remember
having a spot that I got shoved on blind
versus blind and I really want to make
the right decision and I five time bank
for like probably an 11 big blind shove

[15:17]
for like probably an 11 big blind shove
or 12 big blind shove. um and I made the
wrong decision. And so that one hurt me,
but it was more from a technical
standpoint. I think that by the time I
was playing that FT, even though I was
um new to the Tritons, I felt like I had
a lot of live experience and I I did

[15:30]
a lot of live experience and I I did
feel like kind of not quite ready for
the Tritons, you know what I mean? But
like but much more confident in my game
to not scorch it off.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's funny. I I was talking
with the MT player and also in my
limited MT experience, I remember once I
I made like a day three or day four and

[15:45]
I made like a day three or day four and
I'm not used to like I'm a cash game
player. I play short sessions focused on
a game. But this these entities,
especially day four, it's just battle of
the sea games basically, right? Who who
can who manages to make okay decisions
under huge fatigue because I haven't I

[16:00]
under huge fatigue because I haven't I
slept like [ __ ] for for two three days
in a row and at some point, you know, it
catches on to me. I remember I missed
that the blinds were up, throw in the
wrong chip, all that stuff, you know,
and I was I was I was pretty pretty
tilted. So, how do you calibrate or or
do you recalibrate your game based on

[16:16]
do you recalibrate your game based on
fatigue? So, for example, let's say you
have a very, you know, very marginal
open. Would you let it go because, you
know, you're just not in the right, you
don't have the right energy to make that
a plus if you play, something like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um, I think

[16:31]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um, I think
that I think about it more in my
preparation than anything else. Like,
after I went on on that kind of first
stint where I went to my first Triton,
went to some EP, started playing some
higher stakes, I really realized that
playing well fatigued is so important.

[16:45]
playing well fatigued is so important.
And so I really started to implement
that in my training. Like I've been a
big believer the last couple years of
anytime I'm very tired or play a live
session and I'm done. I don't have
anything the next day. I will go and
study until 3 in the morning or
something. Like I'll go play the trainer
for 2 hours when I'm feeling my most

[17:00]
for 2 hours when I'm feeling my most
tired and I'm you know um my girlfriend
is is is very very wonderful and
supportive, but there's been plenty of
times I'm like I'll be in bed in 20
minutes and then I get into the zone and
I'm just like there for four hours. I
think that's been more impactful for me
in my preparation. Um, so that I can

[17:17]
in my preparation. Um, so that I can
just always try to focus on playing my
agame when other people are fatigued. I
I don't really have the thought and game
of like I'm going to pass on this open
because I feel fatigued.
&gt;&gt; Is this like you're gathering
information when playing the trainer in
your C game about your C game so you can

[17:31]
your C game about your C game so you can
improve it or are you literally trying
to improve like just get reps in so that
your C game becomes better?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the second one. The second one I
think that
Well, I mean, I guess it started with
number one. Like, it started with trying

[17:45]
number one. Like, it started with trying
to understand what my C game was. But I
really believe that I had a bad C game
for a long time and and I look at some
friends like Brock Wilson, David Peters,
a lot of these guys like I I would take
their C game over mine. Like, they just
don't they don't punt. They play pretty

[18:02]
don't they don't punt. They play pretty
well. Like, if they're not overly
focused, their baseline strategy is
still pretty good. I'm a little more
sporadic. I've always really liked my A
game and I felt like when I'm fully
focused I can perform at a really high
level. And so I really have had to work
hard to kind of drive up that C game to

[18:17]
hard to kind of drive up that C game to
like just make sure that when I'm
fatigued I'm still focused on the right
things. I'm still focused on trying to
make the best decision I possibly can um
in that moment. And if I don't move on
exceptionally quick because I think the
fatigue obviously like leaks into

[18:30]
fatigue obviously like leaks into
emotions in that way too where like when
you lose a big pot in a super high
stakes tournament like it's not the
easiest to just like put that right
behind and that's a fatigue thing. And
so like if I can if I can just like
really grind harder um my reps when I'm
fatigued when that happens I just feel

[18:45]
fatigued when that happens I just feel
more prepared um kind of in that moment
where I need to like get over it quickly
and hop right back into it. Obviously,
uh I think we now all understand the
benefits of being in a war mode. Uh
after a couple weeks of war mode, at
some point you also have to tune out, I

[19:01]
some point you also have to tune out, I
would assume, right? To like I said, it
obviously takes off energy, builds off
fatigue. Uh how do like what comes after
warm mode? Do you go like full full
recovery? Don't touch anything?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a good question and
another one that I got wrong for a long

[19:15]
another one that I got wrong for a long
time. Like I used to just go 100 to zero
and that was really really bad for me.
Um, I did what I thought I was supposed
to do on rest days. I I slept in. I laid
in bed too long. I ordered some some
brunch. I watched some Netflix. Like,
and I just felt awful. Like, it really

[19:31]
and I just felt awful. Like, it really
made me feel just so bad. And so now I
have like pretty structured cool downs
after these uh these periods where even
if I'm doing things that I enjoy, I just
structure it. I have to have some sort
of structure so that my brain doesn't

[19:45]
of structure so that my brain doesn't
like just dump all these all these kind
of emotions and all this energy out. So,
um I'll typically just like be like,
"Okay, I'm going to sleep until 11:00
and then I'll schedule, you know, a walk
and I'll go like on a nice walk through,
uh Red Rock in Vegas or something like

[20:00]
uh Red Rock in Vegas or something like
that, um with with my girlfriend or with
a friend from 2 to 4. I'll watch a
stream like super laid-back, like just
taking like brief notes and then I'll go
get a haircut, a massage, and have
dinner with other friends. Like just
structuring in a way that I know what
I'm doing. I'm doing like recuperative

[20:16]
I'm doing. I'm doing like recuperative
uh things for myself and I'm still being
productive for two hours a day or three
hours a day. I think that having some
productivity through that cool down is
is really important to me. Um and it
really keeps me kind of like
understanding why I'm doing this, you

[20:30]
understanding why I'm doing this, you
know, like not just like dumping this
emotion out and like being a lazy lazy
guy that's ordering just a bunch of food
at home and and and resting. Meanwhile,
I have way less energy after two days of
that than if I structured a bit better.
Yeah, it seems like you became more
deliberate, right? Whereas in the past,

[20:45]
deliberate, right? Whereas in the past,
like, well, I guess I do nothing and
then Yeah, just chilling Netflix,
ordering food. Yeah, I can I can see how
that would make you a bit lazy. It's
like the same with like if you look in
sports, it's not like that they after a
match they don't do anything that they
do active recovery.

[21:00]
do active recovery.
&gt;&gt; It's like, hey, active recovery, not
just doing nothing, right? Uh, Adam,
sounds like a pretty uh pretty GTO
cooldown routine to me. I I saw Walks in
Nature. I know you're a big fan. Uh so
massage, haircut. Hey man, haircut. I I

[21:15]
massage, haircut. Hey man, haircut. I I
always approve a good haircut. Uh
any any any improvements that that you
would like to suggest to it?
&gt;&gt; No, I think it's a it's a good thing to
create structure to your off days. I
think it's something that poker players
struggle with. They have a full-on grind

[21:31]
struggle with. They have a full-on grind
day and then on the off day they're
like, should I study? What do I do? And
a lot of players get lost. They almost
end up at their computer just kind of
drifting along or watching Netflix. So
yeah, I think it's a really a really
good idea to think about what you'd like
to do in those days that one regenerates
you, creates some sort of recovery, but

[21:46]
you, creates some sort of recovery, but
also that you kind of enjoy. It's like I
think sometimes poet players don't like
recovery days. It's like, oh, an off day
just feels like a waste of a day. But it
doesn't have to be a waste of a day. It
can be actually a fun day where you feel
good. And as Justin was saying there,
like that structure is really important
because look how structured your

[22:00]
because look how structured your
grinding is. Then you remove all that
structure and just have a a free roll
day. It sounds great, but very quickly
it unravels. Behaviors come out that you
don't normally do. eating junk food or
doing things that don't really help you.
See, I really think it's a good idea to
for yourself create your own recovery

[22:15]
for yourself create your own recovery
day. What what you would do to enjoy
generally socializing, time outdoors,
exercise will be great things to do. Uh
but yeah, just create some structure. I
think it's a a good good idea for most
people. And when you're talking about
war mode, you mentioned something called
the killer instinct. And I'm curious to
dive into this a little bit deeper. Is

[22:30]
dive into this a little bit deeper. Is
the killer instinct something you feel
like you've developed throughout your
career? And how much is that killer
instinct needed to play at the highest
level?
Yeah, great question. Um,
I always grew up playing a lot of sports

[22:45]
I always grew up playing a lot of sports
and being very competitive and I think
that I think that I'm sure that like it
was somewhat developed over from a very
young age in terms of I loved being a
gamer. Like I loved winning in games and
competing at a high level. And I think
that poker

[23:01]
that poker
it I don't want to say that like we're
lying to players, but I think that
there's this little like pressure that
you feel as a player where you're like
detach from the results. Don't focus on
variance. Don't like it's kind of like
just removing our emotions away. And for

[23:17]
just removing our emotions away. And for
me, it made me lethargic and just like
happy to be there and and not my best
self or not my best version of of myself
as a player. And so I think that to me
that killer instinct or that like killer
mode or whatever is just like it's just

[23:31]
mode or whatever is just like it's just
effort. It's effort and focus. It's
trying really hard at the table. Like
I'm I'm dedicating my life to be the
best tournament player I can be. Why in
the world would I go sit down in a high
stakes tournament and like not try my
hardest? You know what I mean? But like
I feel like there's been this pressure

[23:46]
I feel like there's been this pressure
to kind of like detach from results and
like if you're trying hard it's not that
cool or whatever. I said I don't want to
play these like high stakes fun cash
games and be enjoyable. Like I'm trying
my best to be the best player I can
possibly be and and I don't care about
that. You know what I mean? Like the

[24:00]
that. You know what I mean? Like the
money and all that stuff doesn't do
anything. So like I I want to I want to
lean into those emotions and try to have
that focus me at a higher level than
than not caring, you know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love this. How do you lean into
that in the right way? All right.
Because as you mentioned, like a lot of

[24:15]
Because as you mentioned, like a lot of
advice is to to not care about results,
to kind of detach yourself. But if you
look at like sports, you look at elite
performers, they care a lot. They put
their heart and soul into stuff and they
want to perform well and they want to
win. That's the main thing. They want to
win. Um, but at the same time, if you
take that too far and you put too much

[24:30]
take that too far and you put too much
pressure on results, we also know that
can cause a lot of pressure, a lot of
internal emotions that are maybe
negative to performance. So, how do you
kind of get that sweet spot where you
you care enough, you put everything into
it, but the emotional state doesn't get
too intense around the outcome itself?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Another great question. I

[24:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Another great question. I
I'm I'm working through this for sure
because I think that I studied CFR
models so much that everything I do in
life is like a CFR. It's like I care too
little. Okay, job job. Like I care too
much. All right, try to optimize. I care
too little again but less, you know? And

[25:01]
too little again but less, you know? And
it's like so back and forth iterating
trying to find the right answer to your
question. And and I think that I'm not
there yet. It's tough, right? Because
when you put so much into it and you
care so much and then you have bad
results, it does hurt, right? It it does
cause you so much pain. And I I think

[25:16]
cause you so much pain. And I I think
that right now the way I feel is that I
just want my care to be pushing into my
process. It's like when I lose, okay,
can I go back through that and be happy
and proud of my process? Right? Did I do
everything that I could to focus on what

[25:30]
everything that I could to focus on what
I could control to give myself the best
chance to to do very well? And then when
you lose, it's like, okay, I can still
be happy with my process. I brought my
best game. I tried my hardest. Okay, now
what's my process? Well, I go through
all my hands. I review, I cool down, I

[25:45]
all my hands. I review, I cool down, I
prep, I go on to the next one more
prepared and a better player than I was
the day before, the week before,
whatever it was. And and I think that if
I can if I can focus more on winning the
day and and winning those small battles
of processes, it detaches it from
winning in the game in in the poker

[26:00]
winning in the game in in the poker
game, all that stuff kind of follows.
So, I'm trying to build the wins and
losses into like, did I win the day? Was
I better than my competition today? And
maybe today was a cool down day. Maybe
today was whatever. But I I'm in a
constant state of competition against
these very fairy competitors, right? You

[26:15]
these very fairy competitors, right? You
know, I'm like, "Oh, is how much is
Chidwick studying today? Okay, I'm going
to study more." Like, how do I bridge
that gap? Like like that that was a big
thing when I first ca came into the high
stakes. Like I looked to Darren Elias or
Chwick or some of these guys and I'm
like, "Okay, they have way more
experience than me.

[26:30]
experience than me.
They understand the game better than me.
They have more money and connections
than me. Like like where's my edge?" And
I'm like, "Okay, well, I can work harder
today, right? I can like just improve a
little bit more than them today and then
I can do the same tomorrow." And if I
just win every single day, at some point

[26:45]
just win every single day, at some point
I catch these guys, right? I don't know
when it's going to be. Um, but I think
that if I can really lean into my like
wins and losses into that process, that
that's when I feel like um the losses
don't feel bad, right? The losses are
are are controllables then, right? And
so that that's that I think is what I'm

[27:01]
so that that's that I think is what I'm
trying to get to in my process. I'm not
quite optimized in that place yet, but
that's kind of how I feel currently.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that framing is really
powerful because as you mentioned there,
we're trying to create some sort of
attachment to doing well, to performing
well, but we don't want to get too

[27:16]
well, but we don't want to get too
attached to the outcome itself that it
creates a negative thing, but at the
same time, we want to be able to show up
in the best way and really care about
how we perform. So, I really like
linking it to winning the day because
it's a very practical step you can take.
It's something, you know, it's an
internal battle. Someone can't go, "Hey,
you won your day." You've got to

[27:31]
you won your day." You've got to
internally win your day and then every
single day becomes something that you
can win. And when you fail a day, the
day doesn't go to plan, next day go
again. Can I win the day? And even the
day gets brought down to moments. Can I
win this hour? Can I win this next 10
minutes? And I think if we live our
lives in that kind of very short-term

[27:45]
lives in that kind of very short-term
presence of like trying to be the best
in that moment, the long term almost
always takes care of itself. As long as
the direction set, as long as you're
you're learning, you're improving. Yes,
it might take longer than other people
to get to to the goals, but if you can
just keep winning your personal days in
the way that's right for you, and you'll

[28:00]
the way that's right for you, and you'll
learn in the process, I think it's a
it's a really practical way to uh to
like link the concepts together what we
talked about in terms of trying to
perform at your best without too much
pressure building over the long term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, you mentioned your sports
backgrounds. I know you played
semi-professional soccer and you also

[28:16]
semi-professional soccer and you also
studied engineering. I want to dive into
both of those experiences separately.
So, as a soccer player, I think you were
a goalkeeper. How did that shape your
poker career? What was some things you
learned through sport?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean like winning the day I
would say is a big thing. That was that
was a big thing um in college that our

[28:32]
was a big thing um in college that our
coach kind of pushed forth. It was like
you only play on Friday and Sunday. It's
not that many matches um throughout a
college soccer season in America. And so
like it was all about just winning the
day every single day. And it's not just
about being a soccer player, right? you

[28:45]
about being a soccer player, right? you
had to be a student athlete and just try
to like, okay, we're gonna go harder
than our competitors in the morning in
the gym and then we're gonna like do a
better job in school throughout the day
and then at training at 3 p.m. we go
harder than our opponent. Like, so it's
just like I think that winning the day
was was very important. Um, another

[29:01]
was was very important. Um, another
thing I think the sports was was
important for especially as a goalkeeper
is like just dealing with the pressure,
dealing with the spotlight a little bit.
Um, handling wins and losses and
handling embarrassing moments. And I I
mean my 21st birthday I I I made a big

[29:17]
mean my 21st birthday I I I made a big
mistake in a match. Um we were winning
two-0 against a rival to win the league
and I gave up two goals for it to go
into overtime last 5 minutes. We lose
3-2 in overtime and and that was like a
very very painful moment, you know, and

[29:31]
very very painful moment, you know, and
and you learn about yourself in in those
moments and how you respond um how you
kind of grow and whatnot. And I really
think that a lot of that stuff like I
take with me in in poker today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's amazing. I can imagine the

[29:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's amazing. I can imagine the
pressure of a goalkeeper in England when
a goalkeeper makes a mistake. They might
make three or four mistakes in a whole
year. Their front page of the news, get
this guy out. He's no good. He's
unreliable. So I can imagine from one
the personal perspective feeling
disappointed in yourself, then your
teammates feeling like you've let those

[30:00]
teammates feeling like you've let those
down, then also losing the match and
that competitive drive. So yeah, there
must be a lot to go into that. So with
that, like how do you process that?
because I can imagine that must have
been a a very low point in your own kind
of sporting background, but also in your
own kind of personal development, you
probably learned some things in that
moment. Anything that come to mind?

[30:17]
moment. Anything that come to mind?
&gt;&gt; Um, [sighs] I I I just think like belief
is is so important like like belief and
self-confidence and and these things
that that you can achieve whatever it
is. And I think that I've always I've
always really pushed hard in in that in

[30:32]
always really pushed hard in in that in
that kind of way that when I'm in a low
moment, it's like, okay, well, like,
what can I do right now? Like I I don't
I'm not a person to dwell on it. I I
don't think I I think that I really do
um focus on pushing hard and like
pushing through those kind of moments um

[30:46]
pushing through those kind of moments um
with with effort and and grit, right?
Like like just taking it on the chin and
being like, "Okay, well, like I [ __ ]
up. All right, what can I do today?" You
know what I mean? Well, I can train
harder, right? I can get better sleep. I
can like focus more. I can talk to my
defenders and see like, okay, what did

[31:00]
defenders and see like, okay, what did
they see? What what went wrong? What
what can we do for the next match? Um,
and just like try to be like really
growth oriented and solutionoriented.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that. And I think sport
teaches us this so well because I I did
middle running growing up, so I can
relate to uh a lot of the things from my

[31:15]
relate to uh a lot of the things from my
own narrative. And every time you don't
perform as you want, rather than that
being like a thing that really matters,
it's always like, okay, what can I learn
from this? Back to training. Back to
training. Train tomorrow morning. Let's
go. I'm going to push harder and you end
up getting building a skill set of every
time things get tough, you lean into
training. You learn it lean into

[31:30]
training. You learn it lean into
practice. You learn to get better. It's
interesting when people don't come from
a sports background, they often struggle
with this. You mentioned you don't
dwell. People who like don't come from
some sort of competitive background
often do dwell. They often go, I messed
this up and they get caught in that
negative energy. So for you, obviously
the sport background help with that. But

[31:46]
the sport background help with that. But
in practical terms, like when you feel
that negative energy, how do you make
sure you do channel it somewhere
positive? I know like for myself I
naturally gravitate towards more healthy
behaviors with that kind of fuel of
disappointment, self-doubt, frustration
where other people might go in a

[32:00]
where other people might go in a
different direction. For you, how do you
kind of make sure that that energy gets
used for for progress?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um, I think the thing that
came to mind when when you said that is
like support, you know, like even in
soccer in that moment, I I distinctly
remember like my teammates in that

[32:17]
remember like my teammates in that
moment and like how supportive they were
and how how much that helped me, you
know? They're not like, "Screw you. You
suck. You're like, it's like, it's all
right, man. It's all right." Like,
because they see the effort you're
putting in. Like, they see all that all

[32:30]
putting in. Like, they see all that all
that path that you're on that when those
moments come, they know that you that
you tried, right? I like that you worked
hard. And so I kind of feel that way in
poker a little bit where like when the
when the negativity comes up like I do
lean on the people around me, you know
what I mean? And and the support system

[32:46]
what I mean? And and the support system
because like like that helps push me in
the right direction. If it was just me,
if I really was doing this for like my
own ego and personal benefits and all
that stuff, I think I would flounder. I
don't think it does. It's not enough of

[33:00]
don't think it does. It's not enough of
a motivation for me where when I'm
feeling low, it's like, yeah, whatever.
let me just like order some shitty food
and like go to the strip club with my
friends and and and
just like let it out, whatever. Like
that's not the way person I want to be,
right? And that's I think because I have

[33:16]
right? And that's I think because I have
the support system in place that like I
kind of want to like honor and give back
to all these people that have done so
much for me and help push me in the
right direction. And so in those losses,
it really does like I lean into that and
I'm like, "Okay, like I have to do
this." You know what I mean? I have to
go and do things the right way. Um

[33:31]
go and do things the right way. Um
that's kind of what came to mind.
How do you learn to trust yourself when
you're in high pressure scenarios? For
me, like growing up as a runner, my dad
was my coach and I felt so much pressure
to perform every race day. From the age
of like 13 to 15, I'd train amazing. I'd

[33:46]
of like 13 to 15, I'd train amazing. I'd
be really talented runners and then I'd
run awful on the weekends and I felt
like so disappointed in myself. And then
looking back, I just had so much
adrenaline, so much cortisol, so much I
want to do well. I want to do well. And
I couldn't channel that. And as I've
learned more about myself and more about

[34:01]
learned more about myself and more about
kind of the stress response, your
ability to handle those heightened
feelings in the body and keep the mind
calm and channel them into performance
is such a superpower. You know, I'm
using this as example because you
mentioned playing those kind of high
rollers and the trident. It feels
different. Something just feels
different when you're you've got Ivy

[34:16]
different when you're you've got Ivy
across from you, but I can imagine
you've learned a lot of skill sets
through your sports background where it
feels different, but it's like you're
used to this heightens feeling and
performing. Sophia, what have been some
of the keys to uh being able to perform
under pressure both as an athlete and as
a poker player?

[34:30]
a poker player?
&gt;&gt; I would say that it might be a little
bit of a funny answer, but like faking
it a lot and lying to myself and
training good habits be because like one
thing I noticed early on at Triton is
that a lot of the guys did not like
being on stream. The pressure was

[34:45]
being on stream. The pressure was
higher. Your decisions were heightened.
Everything about it is harder. Right?
You're on day eight. you just lost half
a million dollars and now you have a
tough river decision on stream in front
of thousands of people that you know
people are going to be analyzing right
that isn't the easiest thing and I was

[35:02]
that isn't the easiest thing and I was
noticing these guys that would vocalize
it and say I just I don't like playing
on stream like I can't believe I'm on
stream again level two whatever so I
just lied to myself I was like okay
perfect I love playing on streams I
didn't love playing on streams and it

[35:15]
didn't love playing on streams and it
didn't but I just told myself that over
and over and over and now I enjoy it you
know what I mean so I just faked it for
as long as I could and I told myself
perfect, they don't like streams. I love
streams. Put me on the stream as much as
you want. Put me in the biggest spot in
the world every single time. Let me make
mistakes. Let me make good decisions. It

[35:31]
mistakes. Let me make good decisions. It
it doesn't make a difference. And so I
think that like faking it till you make
it kind of and just like realizing what
you're looking what what you're after
and pushing your mind into that belief
and into areas that like you can get to
because like you can achieve and you can

[35:46]
because like you can achieve and you can
do so much in whatever it is, but you
have to believe that you can do it or or
else you're in big trouble.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think with that it's almost
like leaning in to what's difficult. I
think often like when things get hard we
want to avoid stuff. We want to move

[36:00]
want to avoid stuff. We want to move
away. And if we can find a way to go,
right, this is a challenge, but I know
if I can show up in this moment by lean
into this. So something's painful and
you go, well, I want the pain to stop.
It feels real bad. You're like, please
stop. As soon as you go, right, give me
more pain. Bring it on. I can handle
this. I can handle 10x this. The pain
doesn't go away, but all of a sudden you

[36:15]
doesn't go away, but all of a sudden you
feel like you can handle it. And I feel
like that's what you're doing rather
than like you're obviously faking it one
turn, but I feel like leaning in,
leaning into hard things where other
guys are like trying to avoid those kind
of short tables. So yeah, it feels like
a a real big strength.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that. I love that. I think
that um I'm not sure how familiar you
are with David Gogggins, but he wrote a

[36:32]
are with David Gogggins, but he wrote a
great book called Can't Hurt Me. And
this book was super helpful in kind of
what you're saying. And one of the
sections is on the cookie jar. And he's
like, you do so many hard things and it
and you fill a freaking cookie jar with

[36:45]
and you fill a freaking cookie jar with
all this hard stuff you've done. So that
when you have something else, you're
like, well, I just did all of that. What
is this? you know, and that that I've
had to do that a few times where like,
okay, I went on a streak where I didn't
FT for a while and I'm just looking back
like, dude, I played so good at that FT
with a bunch of just like sickos and

[37:00]
with a bunch of just like sickos and
then the next FT I also played great
then. What am I worried about? This FT
on paper is so much softer than all
these other things I've done like like
what what am I worried about, you know?
And it kind of pushes you into that. So,
I like the leaning in idea. I think
that's uh I think that's definitely a

[37:16]
that's uh I think that's definitely a
beneficial beneficial mindset.
Yeah, I think with like kind of belief,
you mentioned having a strong belief you
can get there. At some point, belief
needs backed up with evidence. So, if we
can stack evidence day by day over time,
then when we get to those tough moments,
it's like, what's my evidence bank that

[37:30]
it's like, what's my evidence bank that
shows me I can actually show up in this
moment? Some people can override the
evidence bank with just strong belief. I
love those people. H those are like kind
of anomalies. But most of us, we need
that cookie jar full of I've did this
and we almost like incrementally improve
it. Did something slightly harder. Did a
10k, then a half marathon, then a

[37:45]
10k, then a half marathon, then a
marathon. And yeah, I think it's really
good with yourself to go where am I at
currently? What have I currently proved
to myself I can do and how can I win
some days and add to that cookie jar? Do
some hard stuff. You I've got a kind of
big belief of doing like kind of daily
challenges out something out of your
comfort zone every single day. Something
you don't want to do whether it's a cold

[38:01]
you don't want to do whether it's a cold
shower, whether it's going on a run,
whether it's meditation, something
you're like, I just don't want to do
that today. Every single day, do one of
those because that's that kind of
building of that muscle because we need
that muscle, that kind of resilience in
the tough moments. And once the tough

[38:15]
the tough moments. And once the tough
moment arrives, it's too late. It's
like, did you do the work? Did you build
up that cookie jar full of examples or
not? Yeah, really love that. There so
many so many angles we could cover in
that one. But I want to segue quickly
into you studying engineering because I
know that was also a big part of your
background. How did that shape your

[38:30]
background. How did that shape your
approach to poker overall, both from
playing and studying?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um I think it was a belief
thing as well, right? Right? Like in
college, I played soccer and I I thought
for a little bit there that I was going
to try to play soccer for forever. And

[38:45]
to try to play soccer for forever. And
so school for me was was a little bit
secondary through some of those years
and I still got through a very difficult
major um that was quite competitive as
well. And so I think that like from a
belief standpoint, it showed that like I
felt like I could do anything. I can
learn anything. Like if I had a big test

[39:01]
learn anything. Like if I had a big test
on organic chemistry, like whatever we
just won some big match and went out the
the night after, like I can cram it in a
day and I can learn and do fine. I can
get by. And so I think that like the
belief was important and I think the
structure was was super important. I

[39:15]
structure was was super important. I
have a lot of great friends. Um and
there's no there's no right way, right?
But I have a lot of great friends that
didn't go to college and and that comes
with that comes with other benefits and
other deficiencies. But one thing that
I'm very grateful for with with the
engineering school is that I had to
learn to structure my time. I had to

[39:31]
learn to structure my time. I had to
learn to set up my things in a way that
I can go study very hard for 4 hours and
learn the subject. I'm not going to
waste time on my phone. I'm not gonna
like have a YouTube video on and and
watch a Mechanics of Poker podcast while
I'm having intense study, right? That's

[39:45]
I'm having intense study, right? That's
that that's not the right way to like
learn. I want to watch the podcast and
get as much as I can out of that and
then I want to go have this. And so I
think like the the process of of
learning and studying I felt like I had
an edge on um when when I kind of pushed
into the poker poker space.

[40:02]
into the poker poker space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And how does that apply to your
studying now? Do you feel like you're
someone who can do these kind of longer
deep studies that you feel like maybe
other players struggle with and how do
you apply that kind of engineering
structure to your learning pocket?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that the nice thing for me

[40:16]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that the nice thing for me
is that I just I love studying but like
I love the game playing it. I love but
really like a big issue that I had early
on is that I wanted to study. I just I
didn't really want to go grind. I just
wanted to study more. And so I just I
really enjoyed that part of the game. It

[40:30]
really enjoyed that part of the game. It
never felt hard. um it never felt like I
was having to work hard, you know what I
mean? And I just enjoyed it. So, I think
that um the structuring things like
adding intensity into study, it helps.
But, but overall, I just I just enjoy
learning about the game and learning

[40:46]
learning about the game and learning
about all the nuances, mechanics, and
and how sensitive things are and how
things can change if if it's this player
versus this player. And I love that
stuff. So, I think that um I I think it
helped me with with engineering, but I
think if you don't really enjoy what
you're learning, it's going to feel more

[41:01]
you're learning, it's going to feel more
grindy, right? Like no matter what the
subject is, like engineering definitely
felt way more grindy than than studying
poker for 40 hours or whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can imagine coming from your
engineering background, then you get
into poker, you're like, "Oh my god,
this is like so easy to study cuz it's

[41:15]
this is like so easy to study cuz it's
so much more fun." But you've already
shown you can do the hard stuff, you can
do the study when you don't necessarily
want to. And then yeah when sport comes
around it's more I'm guessing more
enjoyable for 99% of people probably
engineering. So yeah it probably felt
like a natural motivation boost to do

[41:30]
like a natural motivation boost to do
that. So you for you when did you
transition to poker? What sort of age
group? So age were you and how did that
&gt;&gt; correlate with your studying?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think that I played a lot
when I was young and then I went on and
went to college and and kind of lived
normal life and poker kind of went it

[41:46]
normal life and poker kind of went it
was just like a fun little hobby. Um but
in 2017 I I tore my AC joint. um in my
shoulder and I had stopped traveling
with the team for like a 4-month period
and when they were kind of on the road
playing and things I I was just like
getting back into poker. So this was

[42:01]
getting back into poker. So this was
like um probably 2016 2017 I was just
playing for fun and then I graduated in
in end of 2017. I tried to kind of go
pro, had a couple trials and things like
that, but I didn't end up getting
drafted in the MLS. And so that was kind

[42:15]
drafted in the MLS. And so that was kind
of like it for me with soccer. And then
that was when I really dove in. uh it
was kind like early 2018. I I'd read
some poker books and I'd studied a
little bit. Uh but really 2018 was I I
met some really good mentors and started
to like study the game at a at a much

[42:30]
to like study the game at a at a much
higher level.
&gt;&gt; What attracted you to the game at that
age and how did you think you were going
to be able to make it work?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I just I love strategy games. I
love playing games. I I love
competition. I think that because I
played at a young age and then that kind

[42:45]
played at a young age and then that kind
of led me into chess and I love playing
chess. I still I still play every once
in a while um more often than I probably
should online. And um so I just I just
think that like everything about the
game was just beautiful to me from an
early from an early age. Like the

[43:01]
early from an early age. Like the
strategy of it, the ability to like be
creative and be logical and and use
math, science, art, psychological
game, like such a beautiful game to me.

[43:15]
game, like such a beautiful game to me.
Um, and so I think I was just like drawn
to it from from a very early age.
&gt;&gt; What were some of the initial challenges
you ran into when you went professional?
Um,
being a a young dumb kid, you know, like

[43:32]
being a a young dumb kid, you know, like
I think that
I would say when I was like building up
a bank roll early on into 2017, so 2018,
um, I I just like thought I was so good,

[43:45]
um, I I just like thought I was so good,
you know, I was the best player that I
knew, so I must be one of the best in
the world. And I kind of started to
climb the stakes and online cash. And I
played probably half a million hands at
that point and had clear win rate and
good data and notebooks filled and poker

[44:00]
good data and notebooks filled and poker
books everywhere. Like I just loved it
and I just had too big of an ego. Um,
you know, and I I was on the couch
sitting hanging out with my dad and I
loaded up a couple tables of 1020 online
and I scorched off my entire bankroll in
a matter of four or five days and you

[44:16]
a matter of four or five days and you
just feel like what just happened? Like
none of it felt real. It never felt like
real money to me. Even today, none of it
none of it really feels like dollars.
Um, but in that moment, that was a
pretty low moment that you kind of have
to make those mistakes again. But

[44:30]
to make those mistakes again. But
they're the really painful ones. And I
think that like losing that last 4K and
1020 online and like closing my computer
and having zero in my account, I still
think there's like no swing I can ever
experience that'll feel worse than that,
you know? And and and that's a pretty

[44:46]
you know? And and and that's a pretty
that's a pretty like cool thing to have
that I think a lot of people have had
that when you do that it it shows it's
not about money. It's not about the the
dollar value. It it's just about like
the discipline and the selfmastery and
all those other things that you feel
like you failed in the in that in that

[45:01]
like you failed in the in that in that
area.
&gt;&gt; How did you rebuild yourself from that
rock bottom moments? It feels like that
could have been the end of the story.
That was it. I give it a try. Did my
best. It wasn't. I I thought it would be
honestly and I got really lucky that
that one one of my mentors um you know I

[45:17]
that one one of my mentors um you know I
reached out to Jonathan Little very
early. I read a couple of his books. I
reached out to him and I said like hey
I'm looking for coaching. I'm playing 25
and 50 and like could I get some
coaching and he told me his rates and I

[45:30]
coaching and he told me his rates and I
could not afford it right like you're
playing 25 and0 you can't afford
coaching from a from a top poker coach.
And so we ended up um trading work
essentially where I would help I would
work for his company for 10 hours going
through content, sending him like
outlines and notes and things like that

[45:46]
outlines and notes and things like that
and then he would coach me one hour for
every 10 hours I worked. And I I got so
lucky that that he that he did that so
that when I hit rock bottom, I sent him
a message and I said, "Hey, I'm going to
poker's not for me. I'm going to go get
a job in engineering. I'm done with

[46:01]
a job in engineering. I'm done with
this." And he was like, "Give me a
call." And we got on the phone and he
was like, "What's going on? Like like
talk to me." And he really walked me off
the ledge kind of I would say and was
like, "Look, like
you your graph is straight up. Like you

[46:17]
you your graph is straight up. Like you
are working so hard at this it would be
such a shame to kind of like throw it
away." And um and so what he did is he
was like, "Look, like what if I just
start paying you to help me with the
company more?" And so that was really
when I I essentially took a job with

[46:31]
when I I essentially took a job with
Jonathan Little to help him at poker
coaching and then that gave me a little
bit of income to rebuild and then try
poker again. And he's like you have to
learn from this, you have to improve,
etc. Um and without that I I would have
just gotten a job in engineering and and
definitely just played poker for fun,

[46:46]
definitely just played poker for fun,
you know.
What a great story and I think it's a
really good lesson to anyone listening
who maybe is struggling themselves
because that idea to one approaching for
coaching to decide to do 10 hours for

[47:00]
coaching to decide to do 10 hours for
one hours of coaching that's like a very
uh out there thing to do like most
people wouldn't have took that approach
they would have said I can't afford it
and that was that for you to go the
extra mile why do you feel like you were
willing to do that because I think a lot
of people would be like what do I gain
from this like one hour coaching I'm

[47:15]
from this like one hour coaching I'm
doing 10 hours of helping um is this
going to help me in the long term? What
made you think that you wanted to go
down that route? Cuz I'm sure at this
point you're thinking, "Okay, my friends
are getting career jobs. Life's loads of
different options, and you're still not
giving up, even though life's telling

[47:30]
giving up, even though life's telling
you to uh reassess what you should be
doing."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I just think that I'm I'm not
sure. I think there was just the passion
for playing, the the love of poker. Um
and I just I never had an ego about it.
I don't care about my hourly or somebody
else's hourly. I've never cared about

[47:46]
else's hourly. I've never cared about
like thin EV things and and that's
that's definitely like comes with its
shortcomings, but for me, I've always
just wanted to like surround myself with
people that are better than me, learn
everything I can, try to provide value
for the people around me, and just like

[48:00]
for the people around me, and just like
be a sponge in any kind of setting. Like
I I really do just love the um you know,
like like podcast or things like that
where you get to hear elite people co
Kobe Kobe Bryant. I love listening to
Kobe Bryant interviews and podcasts. you

[48:15]
Kobe Bryant interviews and podcasts. you
just get to have Kobe Bryant as your
mentor. He's just over here like just
dulging all this info about how he
become became great and that is just
like so interesting to me. So I think
that I've always just loved that kind of
stuff and never had an ego with it. So
to to me it was it was still I was still

[48:30]
to to me it was it was still I was still
getting a good deal. I just I'm always a
an optimistic guy and like to me I was
like perfect. I I only have to work 10
hours and I get to get coaching in
poker. I didn't even realize this could
be a job a year ago. You know what I
mean? And now like I'm I'm all I have to

[48:45]
mean? And now like I'm I'm all I have to
do is work 10 hours to get like
professional coaching. That that's
amazing to me.
&gt;&gt; I love that. I love that optimistic
glass is half full. But also like just
wanting to uh just wanted to learn just
wanted to absorb as you mentioned like
for you could see so much value in
learning from a high stakes coach that

[49:01]
learning from a high stakes coach that
you were willing to do almost anything
for that. So during this patch like what
what were some of the lessons you
learned because obviously there's the
rock bottom moment. Generally that
happens when your processes aren't
correct. You need to learn some things
about yourself. you need to level up
your kind of character to keep keep
going on. So for you during this next

[49:16]
going on. So for you during this next
phase, what were some of the lessons you
need to learn to get to that next stage?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that
there's so there's so many things it's
hard it's hard to put it in
it's hard to find the right words to
answer. Um I I think that I think the

[49:34]
answer. Um I I think that I think the
ego is is such a big thing with it. Like
I had to realize that, okay, for
whatever reason, I'm lying to myself,
right? Beating 200 and out online

[49:45]
right? Beating 200 and out online
is great, but like I'm not the best. I
have so much further to go. I I like I
had to really think about why why was I
doing this? Like why did I want to win?
Because if it was just about making a
bunch of money, this is what my life
looks like. It looks like me trying to

[50:00]
looks like. It looks like me trying to
get pretty good, me taking big shots
every once in a while, spiking and
crushing 2K and LL for a week for 80K
and then swinging back down. And like I
saw that that was just that that wasn't
something I was actually interested in.
I was naive to think that, you know, I

[50:17]
I was naive to think that, you know, I
wanted to get rich quick. That that's
really what it is. I think that you
learn that poker is not a get-richqu
scheme. Nothing is a is a get-richquick
scheme. And if there ever is, it's
almost always an awful idea, right?
Poker is an awesome way to get really

[50:32]
Poker is an awesome way to get really
rich slowly, like very slowly. Find a 5%
edge and grind it, right? Like like
investing, same same kind of thing. And
I think that learning that was was
definitely a big thing for me. And I was

[50:46]
definitely a big thing for me. And I was
able to also with income I was getting
now because you can't do that when
you're relying on poker income to build
your bankroll and live your life. But
now that I'm getting some poker coaching
income by helping, you know, the company
and working for them, all of a sudden,
poker could be this like really just

[51:01]
poker could be this like really just
like, okay, zoom out long-term long-term
view. Nothing is short-term mindset
anymore. I'm paying the bills. I I I can
move to Vegas. I can do these things and
have my life be sorted at a baseline
level and then I can focus on that on

[51:15]
level and then I can focus on that on
this long-term goal that I have, which
which isn't money related.
It's very interesting because I think a
lot of people can relate to getting into
poker for short-term motives, whether
it's to make money quickly, whether it's
to get high stakes quickly. And at some
point, that dream gets shattered. The

[51:32]
point, that dream gets shattered. The
illusion of speed, quickness, being rich
overnight kind of evaporates or unless
you get some sort of lucky bank, but
even then you generally realize that it
doesn't come quickly for for long. So
for you, like how did you uh recalibrate

[51:45]
for you, like how did you uh recalibrate
to uh the long-term vision? And what was
the long-term vision? You mentioned it
wasn't money. You mentioned you enjoyed
learning. How did you start to one strip
the ego of that want in that short-term
win, short-term get-rich quick, and how
did you start to align your daily
behaviors, but also your goals with a

[52:00]
behaviors, but also your goals with a
more longerterm vision?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think it was I think it
really was like my
the things I was learning from others
about what it takes to become very great
at something. and everybody, no matter

[52:15]
at something. and everybody, no matter
what industry you were kind of looking
at, it was all about getting 1% better
every single day. Like just finding tiny
improvements to move and and having that
graph like 1% every day over 10 years is
just so big. And I think that I really

[52:30]
just so big. And I think that I really
got addicted to that process. Um, and I
got obsessed with improving and and
trying to improve as quickly as I could.
Uh, I think that one like very
beneficial thing was that probably six
months later, Jonathan kind of was like,
"Hey, you know, I think that there's

[52:46]
"Hey, you know, I think that there's
like been diminishing returns in the
coaching. He feels like he gave me a lot
of stuff to take me from 25 to 200, but
now he wants to help me um kind of get
other coaching." And I thought that was
a really crazy move. like that you don't

[53:00]
a really crazy move. like that you don't
see that often from poker coaches, but
he essentially split the cost of getting
eight hours with a guy named Michael
Oavdo. And this was probably 2018. And
he's like, you need to dive into the
solvers more if you want like to become
as good as you can possibly be. And so

[53:16]
as good as you can possibly be. And so
we we chopped the coaching cost from
Michael, who's like a GTO expert, and he
essentially gave me four hours on Monker
Solver, four hours on Piover, and and
now like unlocked new doors for me
essentially. And so I think that it was
just really about that process of just

[53:31]
just really about that process of just
trying to improve and and as you're
improving, finding new things that are
able to kind of allow you to continue
leveling up over and over and over.
&gt;&gt; When did you start to get that initial
success enough where you started to
realize, wait a second, not only am I

[53:46]
realize, wait a second, not only am I
learning, enjoying this, but I'm also
getting the results and I can make this
work. Was there a point where you had
some results behind you where you
started to think this could be a a real
career path? Yeah, I think that co co
probably. So I moved to Vegas in the
start of 2019. I played like the Vegas

[54:01]
start of 2019. I played like the Vegas
Sixmax Cash um and I did quite well, but
it was just an hourly. It was like,
okay, I'm making $60 an hour. And I knew
that that that was never really my like
end goal. And I actually had met a buddy

[54:15]
end goal. And I actually had met a buddy
named Ram Zobian who's a successful
tournament player. And it was like um
maybe junior I guess it was it was
whenever the main event is. So, so early
July and he's like, "What day are you
playing the main?" And we like had
played basketball together and hung out

[54:30]
played basketball together and hung out
off the table and he knew I was just
playing cash games and he was playing
tournaments and I was like, "Oh, I'm not
I'm not playing the main. Like, I don't
play any tournaments." Um, and he's
like, "What are you talking about?"
Like, and so he pretty much took half my
action. He's like, "You have to go play
the main. It's just like an amazing
tournament and it's fun and all this
stuff." And so I went and played the

[54:45]
stuff." And so I went and played the
main for the first time uh in 2019. And
that kind of started my tournament push,
I would say. I was like, "Oh my gosh,
like this is fun." You know, like I'm
looking at the game differently. Online
cash, I was extremely mechanical in the

[55:00]
cash, I was extremely mechanical in the
way that I was building my strategies
and playing. I was never like the
biggest winner in the pool because I
just like I didn't care enough to like
focus on deviations and all these
things. I just kind of had my framework
in a way that I like to play different
boards and different spots and it was

[55:15]
boards and different spots and it was
enough to print a a good edge, but not a
amazing one. But then tournaments came
and I was like, "Oh my gosh, there's so
much to this." like there's so much more
to learn, you know, that there's there's
all these new concepts and things I
never really thought of before. And so I
think that that was um you know, middle
of 2019, I started to play some online

[55:30]
of 2019, I started to play some online
tournaments and I I won a 109 early in
2020 as co was starting for like 60k and
I was like, "Oh my god, like winning a
$100 tournament for 60k was like just so
in so insane, you know?" And uh I think
that at that point I was like, "Okay,

[55:46]
that at that point I was like, "Okay,
like I'm going to go after this
tournament thing." And so all of co I
just like switched over to tournaments
and started playing like I started with
like an online $100 ABI $20 ABI and then
by the end of 2020 I was playing
probably like a 350 400 online ABI. I

[56:02]
probably like a 350 400 online ABI. I
went to Mexico for the GG series and had
some results there. um ended up losing
overall but but I was like getting my
taste of starting to move up stakes and
I think that it was kind of like in that
co era that I I got the confidence and

[56:16]
co era that I I got the confidence and
the belief that like okay I know what I
want now like I didn't really know what
I wanted beforehand but now that like
lockdown happens everybody comes home I
realize okay like I want to get it done
in like live tournaments like like that
that is what I I love everything about

[56:31]
that is what I I love everything about
this the competition the the travel the
lifestyle all this stuff like that's
what I want to do and so that's kind of
what I set out to to go after being the
best tournament player that I that I can
possibly be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So with this you mentioned kind of

[56:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So with this you mentioned kind of
that initial success and maybe your eyes
opening to MDTs being a more fun format
fits naturally with your way of learning
your kind of creative curious minds with
this like what were some of the the
goals maybe you set for yourself? You
said being the best kind of tournament
player you could be. Did you have dreams

[57:00]
player you could be. Did you have dreams
of playing the Tritons? Maybe Triton
weren't even that popular then, but did
you have dreams of going to the highest
stakes? Because I can imagine you
mentioned kind from the cash game
background, grinding out a win rate,
grinding out that kind of that smaller
edge. And I think with tournaments
there's a lot more hedge and risk and
like deciding how far you want to go,

[57:15]
like deciding how far you want to go,
decide what how big you want to play.
And it seems like for you it was just
like higher, higher, higher. So what
kind of sparked that and what was the
kind of motive behind wanting to play
the biggest games?
H I think it was the competition, you
know. I watched um

[57:32]
know. I watched um
I wa I started watching some tournaments
and I watched Ali win the 2018 Poker
Masters
and that was just like oh my god. Like
there's a lot more to this than
than what I think. Like I'm just playing

[57:45]
than what I think. Like I'm just playing
these online cash games and I watch this
like new young kid come and just like
shred these guys and like I hadn't seen
that before and I'm watching and I'm
like oh my god like I want to I want to
do that. I I want to like go and battle
these guys. I'm like the there's still

[58:00]
these guys. I'm like the there's still
this massive gap especially in 2018,
2019, 2020 where like I mean even today
I still believe that like the best
players in 5 years will be much better
than today and the best players today
are much better than seven years ago.
And and I think that like I was watching
that for as a third party and it was

[58:16]
that for as a third party and it was
really just like okay I know that I
don't care about money because I just
lost a bunch and that didn't make me
feel anything like like it it like going
after the short-term money wasn't really
a thing that that I was super interested
in. And so I was like okay well what do
I love and I love the I love the

[58:30]
I love and I love the I love the
challenge. I love the competition. I
love the pressure. I need to get to the
high stakes as fast as possible and
battle and try my best and see if I can
if I can beat this. Big shout out to our
sponsors. First off, GTO Wizard. If
you're looking to level up your game,

[58:46]
you're looking to level up your game,
let me tell you about GTO Wizard. It's
got everything you need to improve,
whether you're just starting out or
already crushing it. You've got tools
like the hand history analyzer, a GTO
trainer, and even custom drills to help

[59:00]
trainer, and even custom drills to help
you sharpen your skills and make smarter
plays. It's what so many guests we have
had on used to dominate cash games and
tournaments. Get started now for free
and get 10% off your first purchase
using the link down below, gto
wizard.com/mechanics.

[59:15]
wizard.com/mechanics.
If you sign up, you also get access to
the weekly coaching webinars where you
can learn from me and other great
coaches. So, looking forward to
educating you guys over there.
&gt;&gt; So, earlier on the conversation, we
talked about caring more and really
putting your all into what you're doing.
And you mentioned in the questionnaire

[59:30]
And you mentioned in the questionnaire
that for a long time you suppressed your
emotions very heavily. So, I'm curious
to know like how that's showed up in
your days, but also the negative impact
of suppressing emotions because I'm sure
a lot of players can relate to or almost
want to be more robotic, not knowing how
to feel emotions, so they they end up

[59:45]
to feel emotions, so they they end up
suppressing them. So, for you, how did
that show up?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that I just got so
addicted to like so obsessed, whatever,
whatever you want to say, with like just
EV, you know, I was like just make the
highest EV play over and over and over.
That's all that matters. Nothing else
matters. It's just like execute,

[1:00:00]
matters. It's just like execute,
execute, make like make the best play.
And then when you're like you're
multitabling online tables
like now I look back and I'm like of
course I'm playing my C game. I'm 12
tableabling and like in like a mix of
different stakes and games and whatever
like you kind of train yourself just to

[1:00:15]
like you kind of train yourself just to
be like all right just play you know you
the best you can um and totally detach
your emotions from the session you know
and I think that
may it is the best way to be at the
start and then once you realize that
like okay it's not that painful dude

[1:00:30]
like okay it's not that painful dude
relax like it's not that serious you can
make a mistake you can do these things
like it's you're fine you know and I
think that until you kind of get get to
that point then didn't you're just going
to be like a little not trying quite
hard enough, you know, and and that's
definitely how it showed up was that I

[1:00:45]
definitely how it showed up was that I
think it was holding me back a little
bit. Um
just kind of like lazily playing pretty
well. Everybody said that I was playing
really good and I was doing these things
and like you know you you kind of maybe
it was beating my ego too like people
around me like oh my gosh you're like

[1:01:00]
around me like oh my gosh you're like
you're so wellstudied. You're so good.
You're so this. You're that. It's how it
kind of gets you in this mode of like
going through the motions and just
thinking you're you're great when now
when I was missing this I was missing
this jump um of really trying to execute
at a high level. I think that that was
kind of a missing piece for me.

[1:01:16]
kind of a missing piece for me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think with that when you do
try that hard and you do come up short,
it does hurt. The emotion generally is
quite intense and as you mentioned there
like not being scared of it, realizing
it's not that big of a deal. I can
experience this and I'll be okay.
Because yeah, I think a lot of people go
through life avoiding emotions, going

[1:01:31]
through life avoiding emotions, going
half half in, half out with a lot of
stuff because they don't want to feel
that disappointment, that frustration,
that real intensity from putting your
all into something and coming up short.
So for you, like when that does happen,
let's say, I'm sure throughout your
career, there's moments where you have

[1:01:45]
career, there's moments where you have
tried your hardest and it's come up
short. How do you manage to use that in
a proactive way? We've already talked
about this a little bit in terms of
keeping confidence during periods when
you're your lowest. How do you uh regain
that confidence?
&gt;&gt; Um I I think that's important to zoom

[1:02:01]
&gt;&gt; Um I I think that's important to zoom
out. You know, I think that this is
something I struggled with for for a
while. Um and that's like it's still
just about the long term. You would
never look at a stock investment and be
like, "Oh man, it's I'm buying it

[1:02:15]
like, "Oh man, it's I'm buying it
whatever every single month and like
it's down these two months." It's like,
well, I'm not buying it to be up in two
months. You know what I mean? Like, I'm
buying it to be up in 20 years. I don't
care, right? And so, like, I think that
I I I always have to go back to that
because like, sure, I've had a bad 3

[1:02:30]
because like, sure, I've had a bad 3
months, but like zoom out. I've had an
amazing six years. So, like, what am I
talking about? But like, if if you zoom
if you zoom out a graph, it smooths out
everything. And like this this dip that
feels like it's such a crater. You start
you zoom out and you're like, it's a

[1:02:45]
you zoom out and you're like, it's a
little blip. Am I really being a baby
over this like little tiny like blip in
the graph? I would never care about if
it was a stock or a friend I was
investing in or or anything else that's
logical. And so I think that like yeah
the zoom out is is kind of how I how I
try to deal with those those moments of

[1:03:00]
try to deal with those those moments of
of loss.
&gt;&gt; Why do you think people struggle with
that? Because I 100% agree when we zoom
out we see a higher vantage point have a
better perspective and most things don't
feel extreme. But I feel like the
default is the inverse. The default is
to freak out to the short term. So for
you personally, how how have you been

[1:03:16]
you personally, how how have you been
able to uh use that practical tool of
zooming out in your life?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that I I go back to that
CFR idea where like I have this idea of
like, okay, this river decision is so
important that if I get it wrong, I die.
And I pair that with like, dude, it's

[1:03:30]
And I pair that with like, dude, it's
not that important. We're playing a card
game on rock on a rock in Korea. Like,
who cares? You know what I mean? My life
is good. My family like I I have
everything I need, right? And so I'm I'm
constantly like coming back and and
trying to find this balance. And it is
difficult. It's it's hard to know

[1:03:45]
difficult. It's it's hard to know
exactly. Um I forget your initial
question actually. I just thought about
that in my head. But what was your
initial thought of that?
&gt;&gt; No, that's a better response than I
anticipated cuz that's so important. I
feel like the
&gt;&gt; ability to give your all to every moment
as if it's the most important thing in

[1:04:00]
as if it's the most important thing in
the world and then when it's finished
they be like doesn't matter. Like the
very par like opposite ends of the
spectrum. But if you merge them
together, I think it's the ultimate
framework because if you go too far one
way and just care about the moment, you
can get very attached to short-term
outcomes. If you're too abstract and
you're like, "Yeah, nothing really

[1:04:15]
you're like, "Yeah, nothing really
matters, you don't give enough to the to
the moment often." So, I think it's a
really powerful framing to be able to
give your all and then once it's done,
that was all I could do and onto that
next moment. So, is there something
you've had to work on? Have you felt
like you've got better at letting things
go? cuz I feel like the challenge with

[1:04:30]
go? cuz I feel like the challenge with
that approach is when you do give your
all to the moments, how do you just let
it go and get to the next one and kind
of just get on with stuff. So for you,
how have you been able to uh uh balance
that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely something I'm
improving on even today. Like I think
that I'll be better in two years than I

[1:04:45]
that I'll be better in two years than I
am that I am today at it. Um it's still
challenging because when you give it
your absolute all,
it does feel more important than it
actually is like in that moment, right?
It it makes you feel like, man, I just
flew to Barcelona. I left my home. I
left the people I care about. I spent

[1:05:01]
left the people I care about. I spent
two weeks. I lost a bunch of money. I
hopped on a plane. I flew to Juju. I
spent three weeks in this place I hate.
You know, I don't I don't love being in,
you know, a tiny island Marriott Mall
with like, you know, not the people I

[1:05:15]
with like, you know, not the people I
care about like my friends, family, etc.
And then you lose a bunch and you're
like, "Oh my god, like what am I even
doing? I can't believe I just spent five
weeks of my life giving it my all and
just getting crushed and I came back
with way less money than I than I had at
the start. You know what I mean? And so
like I I think that there is the

[1:05:31]
like I I think that there is the
struggle that you just have to like then
iterate back and be like dude it's not
that important. Who who cares what
happens over two months? Like I'm not
doing this for what happens in two
months, you know? And every time I'm
like running bad or whatever, I always
try to put in my head that like this

[1:05:47]
try to put in my head that like this
this is part of the competition, you
know? Everybody's going to run bad in
these moments. And so if I can be the
person that run bad, runs bad and still
works hard, still brings my agame, still
believes I'm going to win, still does
all the all these good things, like when

[1:06:01]
all the all these good things, like when
my opponent runs bad, he's moaning about
it for three days. He he can't stop
talking about at the table. I'm like,
this is a like people think that these
high stakes pros have it all figured
out. Everybody's different and there's a
lot of inefficiencies and emotional and
performance and all this kind of stuff.

[1:06:15]
performance and all this kind of stuff.
And like I look at those guys and I'm
like, I'm going to eat this guy live.
You know what I And I put I bring it
back to a competition. I'm like, "Okay,
I run bad." Like, "Dude, when he runs
bad, he freaks out. This guy's going to
buy me houses all over the freaking
world like like perfect, you know, like
competition right into it." You know

[1:06:31]
competition right into it." You know
what I mean? Like I I just like I build
this game within a game in these
competitions between myself and and the
guys playing high stakes and like I I I
build my own little win rates and
things. They're have nothing to do with
poker wins and losses.

[1:06:45]
poker wins and losses.
&gt;&gt; So powerful. Yeah. I feel like that kind
of leaning into competition and making
it like that I'm trying to beat these
people and when things are tough, it's a
really interesting period because I feel
like this is where you often separate
yourself from the competition because
everyone's playing great when they're on
a heater, when they're getting great

[1:07:00]
a heater, when they're getting great
results, but when things aren't going
well, how are you showing up when you're
having the worst results of your life?
How are you showing up in those moments?
I think another thing that goes really
well alongside like lean into
competition is the story narrative.
Like, can you create like your hero's
journey within the struggle? So when

[1:07:15]
journey within the struggle? So when
you're going through a tough time,
realizing this is the part of the story
where it gets interesting. If I ever go
on a podcast and I'm talking about my
story, I'll talk about this moment right
here where I was going to quit and I
didn't and I kept going. I think
sometimes when life gets really tough,
just remember like you're on that
journey. In the tough parts, it's

[1:07:30]
journey. In the tough parts, it's
everything. It's the character forming
period. It's the resilience building.
It's when you look back at yourself with
pride and what you've done, you go, that
was the period that I know personally
how tough it was. I went through it. I'm
proud of myself. And I feel like if you
just lean into that just a little bit
when things get tough, I feel it's a
really uh a really kind of practive way

[1:07:46]
really uh a really kind of practive way
to uh yeah deal with those struggles in
a good way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree with that.
And it's harder said or it's harder to
do in practice, right? It's it's easy to
feel sorry for yourself on on day 12 of
Juju, you know, when you're just getting
like you're punched in the face every

[1:08:01]
like you're punched in the face every
day or whatever. Um but but that's
definitely the goal, right? And that's
that is the the goalpost that you just
have to strive for and push towards. And
that's kind of how I feel is like if I
get better at that every single time it
happens, I'm gonna just be so much
better at it dealing with it in five

[1:08:15]
better at it dealing with it in five
years and seven years like but like you
know as time goes on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's that 1% mindset you mentioned
in practice.
&gt;&gt; Sophia, you've mentioned you do well
with structure and you seem like someone
who's got quite good habits, routines.
So I'd like to dive into some of the

[1:08:30]
So I'd like to dive into some of the
kind of structures you've created for
yourself and what which of the habits
have been most important for you in
terms of improving your performance?
Yeah, good question. Um, I think that
the the one of the first things that I
had to kind of push back against was

[1:08:46]
had to kind of push back against was
that everybody is just so different in
what structure they like. Some people do
like rest and do need rest. I have
plenty of friends that go play a high
stick series and never study, but but
that's not me, right? Like like I feel

[1:09:00]
that's not me, right? Like like I feel
best. I feel most confident. I feel like
I'm going to play my best when the
entire time I'm at the series. I'm
focused. And what that means is that
when I bust the tournament, I'm
immediately on my computer. I'm watching
streams. I'm reviewing hands. I'm trying
to get a feel for how these players feel

[1:09:16]
to get a feel for how these players feel
and how are they playing in in in this
moment. And I feel like in that in that
structure, I get a a really good edge.
Like I guess that's how I feel. I think
that like when I bus tournament and
other people are like going and have a

[1:09:30]
other people are like going and have a
glass of wine and having dinner with
their family or whatever and that's what
they do when they bus and when I bust I
go immediately to my computer and I'm
like okay I'm going to prepare better
for tomorrow over the next four hours
and I just grind hard in that time I
watch I I do all those things I feel
more prepared the next day. So so like I

[1:09:46]
more prepared the next day. So so like I
think it's about knowing yourself and
knowing what structure and kind of
habits are are are right for you. And
for me, it's it's I like to grind when I
grind. Like like when I'm out playing a
series, I don't like to have balance. I
have plenty of friends that you you
know, like I you know, I don't I don't

[1:10:02]
know, like I you know, I don't I don't
want to throw people under. Like the way
that they do it isn't wrong, but the the
way that they like to do it is they like
to enjoy the travel. You like, right?
They like to like go see things in the
city, go to the beach, go I I don't want

[1:10:15]
city, go to the beach, go I I don't want
it. I I don't want that. I want you to
put me in an isolated place where I have
my room and I have where I go play
poker. I will not leave. I barely eat. I
barely do that's what I love. I lose
weight every single one of these trips.
But like that that's my process. That
that's the structure that that I enjoy.

[1:10:30]
that's the structure that that I enjoy.
Um and I don't need to see the sun and
ground myself in these things to to do
things in the short term. Now in those
times of recovery that that's when I
need to have have those kind of things
to recuperate because I am diminished
after a series because of that.

[1:10:46]
after a series because of that.
Yeah, it ties into the the war mode from
the start and going into that kind of
mindset proactively and then when you
come out of it to uh kind of find
balance. But yeah, I love that you've
got that very very clear. I think
sometimes life gets easy when we limit
choices. If we just go right, I'm doing

[1:11:00]
choices. If we just go right, I'm doing
this, nothing else. Life's so easy. When
we've got loads of things we're
balancing, that's when it's tough
because your mind's always pulling you
one way, pulling another. So I think
even from a kind of mental kind of space
perspective, you've got much more
clarity when you're just doing one thing
and not getting distracted by doing the

[1:11:16]
and not getting distracted by doing the
grind hard and also trying to kind of
create that balance as well. Now you
mentioned when you're watching the
stream, you're trying to get in tune
with how players feel that got me
curious to know what sort of things do
you pick up and how does that impact how
you might play those players later in
the tournament. Yeah, the biggest thing

[1:11:30]
the tournament. Yeah, the biggest thing
that I think of and a lot of these
things are are a little bit of
projections and I have to be careful
about that because I know that the
things that I pay attention to are more
the the things that I would reciprocally
feel and I and people are built
differently. But but the number one

[1:11:45]
differently. But but the number one
thing especially at Tritons or these
high stick series that that I feel or
that I see that people feel is like how
are they handling the losses because
your average iteration over the first
eight days is that you're down half a
million dollars. And so like in that
moment,

[1:12:01]
moment,
is it somebody like like Chidwick that
like he can max fire every day and it
seemingly does not affect him at all if
he's down 2 million or or up 8 million
or whatever the number is. Or is it a
guy that like the money means a lot to

[1:12:15]
guy that like the money means a lot to
him in this moment and it and like huh
he he passed on a couple bluffs, you
know? He he feels a little demoralized.
He he put his chips in a little bit
funny where like he looked like he
thought he was going to lose that all
in. You know what I mean? Like you can
feel it on people when like they're in

[1:12:30]
feel it on people when like they're in
this mindset and and when that's the
case, it's so important to know that
because if I know that this this guy is
like in a bad mindset, he's going to
hero call me on the river more often.
Like I'm going to go for bigger sizes
because if he has a good bluff catcher,
he's not going to think think deeply

[1:12:45]
he's not going to think think deeply
about like Justin's range feels like it
should be like potting here. Why is it
4xing the river? Right? He's going to be
like I'm running bat again. How do I
have the worst hand again in the spot
and this guy's shoving 4x pot? Right? So
it's like little little nuance things
like that that I think can like now the

[1:13:00]
like that that I think can like now the
very best players it's you have to be
careful I I does not does not feel pain
the same way that I I feel pain of loss
right and and so like you have to be
very very careful with that but I I do
think that looking for that and looking
at the streams how are they handling the

[1:13:16]
at the streams how are they handling the
pressure I mean a hilar here's a funny
one for me I wear this whoop and we're
in a group chat with a bunch of guys
that that wear whoops at Tritons and
whatnot and I T 25K in March. Okay, Igor
Yurvski. I really like this guy. I look

[1:13:31]
Yurvski. I really like this guy. I look
at my app in the morning. He's at the
FT. 0% recovery. 0% recovery the night
before the FT. So, I'm immediately like,
hm. Like, I wonder what happened. Like,
is he sick? Is he diminished? Like, what
what's going on? How did he get 0%

[1:13:46]
what's going on? How did he get 0%
recovery? He shows up to the table. He's
like groggy. Obviously slept like [ __ ]
He missed clicks at this FT. I think he
like he got like third or he obviously
he's a he's a great player and did all
these things, but like knowing that was
actually unbelievably valuable. The fact

[1:14:01]
actually unbelievably valuable. The fact
that like he's just like diminished in
this moment. He's a little bit fatigued
because of whatever reason. Maybe he's
sick. Um maybe he went drinking last
night. Who who knows? Uh but but like
he's probably not, you know, I I'm
probably not going to read into the fact
that he bet 60% pot and not 80% pot on

[1:14:16]
that he bet 60% pot and not 80% pot on
this turn. You know what I mean? He he
just put out a bet like like he's tired,
right? So, so I think like little things
like that can really kind of um kind of
push you in different directions in the
margins.
&gt;&gt; So interesting. Yeah, I really found

[1:14:30]
&gt;&gt; So interesting. Yeah, I really found
that fascinating. And I think a lot of
people would be looking like they're
watching the stream. They're probably
watching the hands, watching the
strategy. But it feels like for you,
you're so much more um curious about
what they're feeling, what they how they
experience losses, and how they're
playing their strategy based on their
states. So for you, what are some of the

[1:14:45]
states. So for you, what are some of the
uh biggest state changes you're willing
able to exploit? Is it when some people
are being very passive? Do you notice
when people are maybe not Yeah. pulling
triggers in spots? What What are some of
the things where you're watching the
stream, you're like, "Oh, this guy
taking notes. I will definitely be going

[1:15:00]
taking notes. I will definitely be going
at that one next time."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I I like to just like try to
play a tilting strategy against guys
that will tilt, you know, like you you
can you can do a lot of things in the
game of poker, but it's really annoying

[1:15:15]
game of poker, but it's really annoying
to like have somebody put half your
stack in. You know, it's it's pretty
frustrating to like be short and and
face a min bet or or face like a half
pot, right? Like some of these guys that
are maybe a little bit more theory
oriented, like when they see you do
something that isn't quite right, they

[1:15:30]
something that isn't quite right, they
kind of scoff, right? like like if
they're fatigued like there's plenty of
guys that are amazing theory players
that that don't have this but there's
certainly some that they're like oh this
American guy like he doesn't know what
he's doing right and so like I try to
lean into that and be like okay well
like if this guy I know is a pretty

[1:15:46]
like if this guy I know is a pretty
computer player I'm going to try to do
like some pretty funky stuff that I
think is still good it's still fine but
he's going to think it's stupid and I
think he might implode in that moment or
or maybe I'll induce a guy that I know
that they're I know that they're

[1:16:01]
that they're I know that they're
fatigued and they lean aggressive. I'm
going to just like put more nutted hands
into a into a strategy that should be
more built around 58% equity hands,
right? And so like little little things
like that. Um checking I I like that one

[1:16:15]
like that. Um checking I I like that one
too. Like there's plenty plenty of
things that are worth a block on the
river or or worth half pot or 60% on the
river. Um
but a lot of guys when they're fatigued,
they don't like to check back high. And
there's tons of spots in poker where

[1:16:30]
there's tons of spots in poker where
whatever they big that flop, you call.
Turn goes check check. In facing check,
a button range is so wide they can't
just bluff. They're off to eights and
nines and tens, right? But the guy
doesn't want to show down that he just
like is on stream and he checks back
jack to. So then I move stuff from a

[1:16:45]
jack to. So then I move stuff from a
block into a check and I and I play more
check call. Um all sorts of just like
little little things like that.
How much are these live tells and
field-based kind of tells leading to
your decision-m? Like is it able to

[1:17:00]
your decision-m? Like is it able to
fully switch your strategy because
you've got a strong read or you're
making like small deviations here and
there or does it obviously depend player
to player? But I'm trying trying to
think with your decision-m process, can
some of these kind of feel-based
decisions like someone's on tilt,
someone's fatigued, can they completely
switch your strategy to a an inverse

[1:17:15]
switch your strategy to a an inverse
line to to really exploit that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my goal. I I think that I'm
still naturally a little bit too
um pulled towards playing well, right?
Pulled towards playing a theoretical
theoretically sound strategy. But like

[1:17:31]
theoretically sound strategy. But like
anybody that studies hard understands
that the tiniest of like the game is so
sensitive, especially like pre flop ICM
and things, if a guy overbluffs by the
tiniest amount, you just get to for bet
the deck on them. But that's hard to do

[1:17:46]
the deck on them. But that's hard to do
in real life, you know? So, I think that
eventually it will eventually I will get
to the point where I can completely
change my strategy and really go after
somebody. Um, now I think I'm probably
like somewhere in the middle where it
will change like decisions, but I think

[1:18:01]
will change like decisions, but I think
I'm taking um a very very tiny EV loss
with with my deviation in hopes that it
just it just works better against the
the player in game.
&gt;&gt; Renee, I know you have a very thought
through decision-m process when you play

[1:18:15]
through decision-m process when you play
live. How much does how people feel
weigh into your decisions
&gt;&gt; when I play live? Well, that's already
going to be a very limited amount of
time. So, I try to I try to kind of stay
away from it and kind of acknowledge the
fact that I'm not knowledgeable. Like, I

[1:18:31]
fact that I'm not knowledgeable. Like, I
remember actually one hand in Vegas like
the guy put me all in and I was looking
at like he looks a bit weird. It's a bit
funny, but I don't know what this means
because I have no baseline. I don't know
how to interpret this information. So,
let's just stay with the facts, the
things that I actually do know, right?

[1:18:46]
things that I actually do know, right?
So, it's also obviously, you know,
Justin uh just is very knowledgeable in
this area. So, when you when you know
the baseline and you know the
adjustments, obviously it's great to use
it, but when you don't, you know, it's
like playing with fire and you're just
randomly guessing things, right? Uh but
I really like what what what Justin

[1:19:01]
I really like what what what Justin
mentioned. He said when fatigued leans
aggressive. These are like interesting
reads, right? So you can have read some
players and then you can have read some
players on their C game on their on
their fatigued game, right? Oh, when
he's fatigued or when he's tilted or oh

[1:19:15]
he's fatigued or when he's tilted or oh
when he's on when when he's on a big
heater tends to, you know, find find
funky plays, right? Uh so yeah, I
definitely think it's very uh very
valuable and obviously the next level of
uh of getting reach. I do actually I had
a coaching session actually a couple
weeks ago with a actually an old student

[1:19:31]
weeks ago with a actually an old student
of mine who now coached me. So, you
know, then you know that you've done a
good job. And he also said uh he was
always always good in this. And he said,
"Yeah, you know, when they start to
click a bit faster, this was online,
right?" "Oh, yeah. When they start to
act a bit faster, you know, you know
it's coming." Stuff like this. And I'm

[1:19:45]
it's coming." Stuff like this. And I'm
like, "I don't know what's coming. It's
not it's not really my strength." Uh so
definitely, but it's actually been
something that especially after that
coach says, "I've been way paying way
more time attention to to kind of feel
and online maybe online obviously maybe
a bit more difficult, but kind of feel

[1:20:00]
a bit more difficult, but kind of feel
which state he's in." So you have to
really pay attention to like the game
flow and online specifically like the
speed with which they suddenly start to
play. They suddenly start to speed up
for example. It's like oh I never really
noticed it and now that I started to pay
attention to this last week like ah
interesting there's something here and

[1:20:16]
interesting there's something here and
that then opens like it opens up the
game again to many possibilities. Uh so
and that's kind of also what I hear so
far from Justin story that that that's
it's those unlimited opportunities that
gets him excited. I mean he has a smile
on his face right now.

[1:20:30]
on his face right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, I'm thinking about the online
speed because like people can really get
me online when I play now. Like I used
to be more more like that. Like not not
much deviation, but now like there's
certain things with with the speed of
clicking that like I will just
completely change my strategy and if

[1:20:45]
completely change my strategy and if
people I mean I like for one for example
like when somebody has a very polarized
range on the turn and then it's a board
changing river and they act very
quickly. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'm like, man, like, can you really
think that fast with your fin value?

[1:21:00]
think that fast with your fin value?
Like, the board just completely changed
and you had a polarized range on the
turn. Like, it kind of felt like you had
your mind made up on the on the turn
with what you wanted to do on the river,
which probably means you're going to be
bluffing, right? Like, like little
things like that. Like, people can
really get me with timing. I think I I

[1:21:15]
really get me with timing. I think I I
don't play a ton online now, but but
when I do, I like that stuff a lot. So,
it does definitely make me smile that uh
you're kind of exploring some of that
stuff because it's it's it's fun. It's a
fun game within the game.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and in there, you know, I
like some quotequote basic timing tells
obviously, you know, I would take in

[1:21:30]
obviously, you know, I would take in
consideration, but then, you know, you
hear how someone else approaching. It's
like, huh, that's next level. We're
again, we're talking like reads upon
reads upon reads. It's like, okay, this
this is yeah, endless endless
possibilities. Um, I'm wondering if you

[1:21:45]
possibilities. Um, I'm wondering if you
reflect on your career when working your
way through the ranks
&gt;&gt; to reach uh the stakes that you play
today. Which jump in stakes did you find
the hardest?
&gt;&gt; H

[1:22:02]
I think the 10ks starting to play like
the tougher 10k live. Um, and I think it
was,
you know, I mean, playing the main event
obviously is different, but like playing
like an Arya 100 person 10k, I think

[1:22:16]
like an Arya 100 person 10k, I think
that that was that felt like a jump to
me. You know, the you're not the rake is
very low, so that that's definitely one
thing. But you are battling a lot and
and it's a more reggg field game and

[1:22:30]
and it's a more reggg field game and
especially when I first started to play
these like nowadays it's a little bit
different because like the very best
players got to rich and and did all
these other things where like they don't
show up for the 10ks anymore you know um
but in the time like poker masters or
whatever was going on there was a 100k

[1:22:46]
whatever was going on there was a 100k
main event in that series so it started
at 10ks and then it went 25 yeah 2550
100 or something like that and so they
would try to win the purple jacket and
come play the 10ens. So like you're
playing a 10 which is a small buyin for
the Chidwicks, Coons, um Petrangelos,

[1:23:02]
the Chidwicks, Coons, um Petrangelos,
etc. Um and a big buy in for me. And I
think that like that that was a big jump
and one that I I got I got I got kind of
smashed in those games early on. Uh and
and that's why it means so much to me to
like do well in those games even though

[1:23:15]
like do well in those games even though
they're I think objectively uh
significantly softer than than maybe
like I mean I don't know if they're
softer, but you know what I like they
don't have the most elite players in
them anymore as often, but that that
that jump out big and and um I learned a
lot through those experiences.

[1:23:31]
lot through those experiences.
&gt;&gt; It's funny. Yeah, because like they now
kind of for example play higher so the
field is softer, but then like the
challenge is not necessarily your
opponents, but then now the challenge
again becomes showing up for yourself,
right? Can I still bring that agame? Now

[1:23:45]
right? Can I still bring that agame? Now
the field is softer. It's no longer the
opponent is no longer the problem. Now
I'm the problem.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean that's the
competition within it, right? Like can I
have the highest win rate in those games
now? Like like can I beat those games
for for all the dollars? And and that's

[1:24:00]
for for all the dollars? And and that's
why I have, you know, I just won one
recently in the Masters. And like it
meant so much to me because I haven't
done that. And it me and it and it's
been so painful to not have a good win
rate in those games since the games have
especially gotten softer. And so I'm

[1:24:16]
especially gotten softer. And so I'm
like, man, like why can't I just like
like why am I not the biggest winner in
this game? You know what I mean? like
that caused me a lot of pain um in the
last couple years. And so now I still
just feel I feel so focused almost
almost more even though it's even though
it's a softer game. It's like can I beat

[1:24:30]
it's a softer game. It's like can I beat
this for every dollar? Can can I have
the highest win rate? Can I be the best
player in the studio? You know what I
mean? Like like like those are the goals
now. It's not it's it's not about trying
to ek out a 4% win rate because like 4%
is just not not an exciting win rate.
&gt;&gt; And there's a secret, right? You raised
the goal. People might other people

[1:24:46]
the goal. People might other people
might come in and like, oh, it's got
softer now. So, let's let's go grind.
And they're like, "Oh, why why is my win
rate not that high?" Well, you don't
have the goal that you just set. You
wanted every every [ __ ] dollar. And
that raised the necessity, the necessity
to show up, the necessity to to look

[1:25:01]
to show up, the necessity to to look
for, you know, the read on if he was
fatigued or in which state he was today
or, you know, so you go you go beyond
beyond uh uh like just your quotequote
normal game. Uh yeah, because you have a
higher set to show up. Yeah, that's

[1:25:15]
higher set to show up. Yeah, that's
really good. Uh you mentioned that you
know in the beginning you got smashed.
Uh what were kind of the leaks or flaws
in your approach that you had to fix to
establish yourself at that limit and how
did you go about uh fixing them?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that a lot of it was um a

[1:25:31]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that a lot of it was um a
lot of it was mental performance. Um I I
had a very strong theoretical
background. I I love to study and I
think that I that was my strength and
where my weakness was when was in
execution especially live one
tableabling. I felt a little bored. Like

[1:25:45]
tableabling. I felt a little bored. Like
I felt a little like lost in those first
moments playing live. Um I mean it
wasn't like like it takes time to get
used to going from online to live. It
really does. And I think that I I
struggled with it more than I thought
that I that I would just with

[1:26:01]
that I that I would just with
everything. And so I think that a huge
fix was was leaning into that emotional
side of the game and understanding that
like like now now the way that I think
about theory is that like my intuition
about the theory and how I feel should

[1:26:15]
about the theory and how I feel should
dictate my strategy. You know, it's like
it's like if I can train so hard that my
that like my whole being feels like I
have an a pretty good hand to bluff
with, well, that emotion means I should
probably bluff it like 30% of the time,

[1:26:31]
probably bluff it like 30% of the time,
right? Like if I'm fully in tuned, like
it's impossible to understand these
frequencies. And so, you have to kind of
try to build it. And I think that once I
built it into something emotional, then
I started to play well, play much better
and execute much better because it's
like, okay, I knew that if I thought a

[1:26:45]
like, okay, I knew that if I thought a
hand was good, a good bluffing hand,
like I need to do it 20 because my
frequencies are way off. And then by the
time I kind of grew out of that, it was
like, okay, this feeling that I have on
the river, that means I have an
indifferent bluff catcher, right? Like
like this feeling of like, man, this

[1:27:00]
like this feeling of like, man, this
spot sucks. I have okay cards. My side
card's okay. It's like, well, that
probably tells you what what it is,
right? If if you have that emotion and
your call is worth two and a half bigs
against a reggg, you're not working hard
enough. Like like you're not good enough
at the game theoretically, right? Your

[1:27:16]
at the game theoretically, right? Your
emotions should track the game from a
deep theory perspective. And I think
that that's kind of what it took to to
feel more successful and to feel more
confident live and to feel I could play
at that level.

[1:27:31]
in terms of uh the difference between
especially when you started to move
higher up to even higher high rollers,
right? Fuds get smaller. What's kind of
the strategical adjustments that you
started to take in consideration when

[1:27:45]
started to take in consideration when
playing like these smaller high roller
tournaments compared to like larger
field MTS?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I would say ICM. I mean like
playing Final Tables, playing bubbles,
playing two tables left, all of those

[1:28:01]
playing two tables left, all of those
things just became so much more
important. I I mean I before I played
WSOP in the summer, I don't touch ICM
for probably six weeks or something
because it's just like you're playing
2,000 person tournaments constantly. And
I still love that stuff, but it's just
not as an important concept to to be

[1:28:15]
not as an important concept to to be
great at in that moment or to be super
sharp in. Um but these small field
tournaments, I had to get much better at
that. And I definitely I would say was
was weaker coming from like a mid-state
ABI online tournament thing because like
I was playing an average field size of

[1:28:30]
I was playing an average field size of
over 500 or something and so I really
had to spend more time on some of those
concepts.
Obviously when you know the buying gets
higher and the foods get smaller the
competition also gets tougher.

[1:28:46]
competition also gets tougher.
What do you think sets like the high
roller rx and like the tougher
competition apart from like your average
player? What makes them what makes the
best so tough to play against?

[1:29:01]
I would say that the thing that comes to
mind is uh complexity.
Like you can beat the midstakes with a
bunch of different jabs, you know? Like
I see bet small a lot because they don't

[1:29:16]
I see bet small a lot because they don't
fight hard enough. I barrel the turn for
a too big size and then I give up river,
right? Like you can like have these
tricks and these jabs, but I think that
what makes the very best players so
tough. And what I really strive for is I
want to make mistakes in every single

[1:29:30]
want to make mistakes in every single
direction. I want to be too tight in
some spots. I want to be too loose. I
want to over call. I want to overfold. I
want to under bluff. I want to
overbluff. I want to have good check
raise strategies. I want to be able to
push my equity in some spots op that
like you know might be less comfortable.

[1:29:45]
like you know might be less comfortable.
And so like you have all of these
different like very intricate frameworks
of how you want to beat players and how
you want to beat your competition. And I
think that that's what makes people so
tough. Uh Ike Haxton is not trying to
simplify a strategy. He he is not being

[1:30:02]
simplify a strategy. He he is not being
like oh I can see but small and be fine
here. He's like well I think my hand
could be 120 the flop at 12% and I roll
it at 12. So like I guess I'm playing
that strategy, you know what I mean?
Like so I think the complexity and in
the way all the different ways they can

[1:30:15]
the way all the different ways they can
they can get you. I I think that's
that's what's so tough about the best
players.
&gt;&gt; You actually mentioned also in the
questionnaire that we sent out that you
prefer a more complex strategy with a
wide variety of lines over like a
simplified strategy.
&gt;&gt; Um why do you relate to that approach

[1:30:32]
&gt;&gt; Um why do you relate to that approach
more? Is it like for kind of the reason
you just explained that that's kind of
just also what the better players do?
And what advantage do you think it gives
you?
&gt;&gt; It's also just more theoretically sound.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, we cut cut a little

[1:30:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, we cut cut a little
bit there. I think that like I I like it
because uh it's just more theoretically
sound. It's
it really allows you to understand the
strengths of different strategies. If if
you never lead out of position as the

[1:31:00]
you never lead out of position as the
preop caller, like you're just holding
yourself back. you know, you're playing
too simple of a strategy and you're
giving up EV in really simple spots. Um,
that that can hurt you. And so, it
allows you to maybe be a little bit more
defensive or a little bit like where,

[1:31:15]
defensive or a little bit like where,
oh, I'm not going to make a mistake,
right? But I think that if you're
willing to make big mistakes and you
just don't care about it, that's when
you can elevate and play these really
complicated uh and difficult strategies
because it there's a theory standpoint,
but it's also about if you play a really

[1:31:30]
but it's also about if you play a really
complicated strategy, you can also get a
feel for what is going to be tough for
against this player. Like this last FT I
played, um you know, I played a bunch of
amazing players, but they all play
differently. And like if when you play a
really complicated strategy, I can bob

[1:31:47]
really complicated strategy, I can bob
and weave and do one thing against one
person and then completely different
against somebody else. You know what I
mean? And so like if people are going to
bet too much, perfect. Perfect. I know
how to play that strategy. I I know how
to beat that. I'm going to I'm going to
check a little more often and I'm going

[1:32:01]
check a little more often and I'm going
to use really small check race track
like very small check race sizes. And
good luck, you know, good good luck
having a 100% like uh flop win check to
bet against me. good like good luck. You
know what I mean? Like if that's how you

[1:32:15]
know what I mean? Like if that's how you
want to play, I'm gonna I'm gonna try to
bury you. You know what I mean? I'm
going to try to beat you in every single
way I possibly can. And so I think that
like that's what I really love about
like complication and complicated
strategies. Are you grinding hard,
studying solvers, reviewing hands, but
still not getting those results that you
know you're capable of. You're putting

[1:32:31]
know you're capable of. You're putting
in the time and effort, but without
clear direction, that effort does not
pay off. That is why I created the
Mechanics leakbuster program, which is
the exact system I used to make over
seven figures playing online poker and

[1:32:45]
seven figures playing online poker and
have since taught to hundreds of
students so they could do the same.
Through our league finder stats and
pop-ups, you will gain clarity on your
biggest leaks and tendencies, insights
on how your strategies have been
performing in game, and the impact
variance has had on your results. But

[1:33:01]
variance has had on your results. But
knowing your stats is only the
beginning. In the program, we dig deep
into the root causes behind your leaks
and tendencies and use a proven
sevenstep system to fix them for good
and gain the skills to improve and
continuously evolve as a poker player.

[1:33:15]
continuously evolve as a poker player.
You'll study more effectively, overcome
leaks and tendencies that felt
impossible to break and rebuild trust
and confidence in your game, finally
seeing your hard work pay off as you
move up the stakes. So, if you're ready
to stop guessing and start improving

[1:33:31]
to stop guessing and start improving
with clarity, break through the patterns
that have been holding you back and take
your game to the next level, join the
Mechanics Leakbuster program using the
link down below. And for the first month

[1:33:45]
link down below. And for the first month
of enrollment only, you will get access
to weekly group coaching calls with me
and get a chance to win a one-on-one
coaching session in which I personally
review your game. So, don't miss out on
this limited opportunity. Join the

[1:34:01]
this limited opportunity. Join the
mechanics league buster program using
the link down below and looking forward
to seeing you guys in there. How do you
uh become good at playing complex?
Because I'm sure people are listening
and obviously everyone wants to play

[1:34:16]
and obviously everyone wants to play
like that, right? But they simple and
dumb it down because their brain can
handle it basically, right? So how does
uh how do you make complex actually be
simpler? Is it like the framework from
which people are thinking that it's

[1:34:30]
which people are thinking that it's
wrong that they're trying to memorize
and and is it like that that that's kind
of the flaw.
Yeah. Yeah. Great question. Um, it
reminded me of a quote that that I just
heard recently from like a this guy said

[1:34:47]
heard recently from like a this guy said
this in like the 1990s and and he pretty
much he was like a Harvard biologist. I
think his name is Eio Wilson and it was
something the effect of like um you know
we have infinite information or like a
like there's so much information but we

[1:35:00]
like there's so much information but we
have a starvation for knowledge and
that's how I feel about the current day.
Okay, he said it much prettier. Trying
to find the right words.
Like plethora of information but
starvation of knowledge. And that's how
I feel about poker in a way where like I

[1:35:15]
I feel about poker in a way where like I
was I feel fortunate that came up just
before the like public solver, public
database kind of era. But what it's done
is it's just given everybody so much
information in this starvation for
knowledge. What do I do? How do I do

[1:35:31]
knowledge. What do I do? How do I do
this? How do I like like deep knowledge
of poker is difficult and it doesn't
really come from a bunch of different
informations. And so the thing that I
would say to somebody that wants to play
more complex is understand the why
behind why things are occurring
theoretically. That was something that

[1:35:46]
theoretically. That was something that
Oavdo um really drilled into me. He's
like the goal isn't to um memorize and
execute a solver output. The goal is to
train yourself to become a solver. So
that when you have your own abstraction
in real life, you can build a a great

[1:36:03]
in real life, you can build a a great
strategy. I think that that this huge
amount of information that's out there,
it's caused us to like split. And what
we have now in my mind is you have poker
players and you have data analysts and
they're just not the same. Data analysts

[1:36:15]
they're just not the same. Data analysts
are amazing coaches. They can they can
look at an output and say all right so
our over pairs are going to bet in order
of how much protection they need and we
like these types of hands because they
have back door flush draws and they can
break down the data but that is a

[1:36:30]
break down the data but that is a
completely different skill set from
looking at an abstraction looking at
information that you're taking in and
building a strategy right I think those
are two completely different skill sets
and for me I used to be a data analyst I
used to love the theory understanding

[1:36:45]
used to love the theory understanding
and breaking down why it And it wasn't
until I became a poker player that I
think um I was able to kind of reach
more of my potential. And so that that'd
be my my push for other players is to
focus on building your own strategies,
focusing on why the solver is doing what
it's doing and try to become a solver.

[1:37:02]
it's doing and try to become a solver.
Try to be able to take in all the
information and build a strategy.
Whatever it looks like, just build it
and then test it and then do it over and
over and over. Do you have to be be a
datalist first? data analyst first
before you can evolve to a poker player

[1:37:16]
before you can evolve to a poker player
because you said it did help you in a
certain way. But do you think more that
the pro the problem is that players are
kind of stuck there and don't evolve?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um,

[1:37:30]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um,
yeah, I think that I think that maybe
they have some performance things. I
think that I had some performance things
early on where like I was so obsessed
with being right or playing well or or
taking a frequency that that's in there

[1:37:45]
taking a frequency that that's in there
in the computer and I didn't fully
understand that like just because I'm
three bed and the king six off at proper
frequency doesn't mean I'm playing a
good strategy, right? My bluff to value
ratio is so high because I'm taking way
too many offsuit bluffs. like like the

[1:38:01]
too many offsuit bluffs. like like the
deep foundational principles of game
theory are lost when you're trying to
see if your hand does this thing or that
or that thing. So I think that like some
of the guys that
you know something something I think
about is that how many guys have really

[1:38:15]
about is that how many guys have really
gone and reached the high stakes in the
last 10 years.
If the tools and all these things are so
much better than they were like why
haven't more kids just come up and
beaten the high stakes for as much as
possible?
And my belief is that it's because those

[1:38:30]
And my belief is that it's because those
guys are poker players. Like those guys
understand the deep theory of, okay,
this guy's capped. I'm going to use a
big size, right? Like I'm going to
realize my equity against that player
way better than that player because
their turn check frequencies high. So
like why do we call so much imposition
against a sebat? We're supposed to

[1:38:46]
against a sebat? We're supposed to
overrealize our equity on almost every
single board. But like if the guy plays
too high of a turn a turn barrel, you're
either going to need to float the turn
really wide or or you're going to need
to like maybe overfold the flop and have
an easier time, right? There's so many
different little pushes and pulls. And

[1:39:00]
different little pushes and pulls. And
so I think that you can get there as a
poker player from experience. But it is
much easier when like you're just diving
into the theories and trying to
understand why is this happening? Why
does MDF not matter on flops? Why does
um you know the gapping of different
flops cause me to have a higher check
frequency? Like why is all this stuff

[1:39:16]
frequency? Like why is all this stuff
occurring?
you mentioned uh that uh uh I think it
was 2018 Michael I forgot his last name
that was kind of your GTO coach right it
seemed like he had a very big influence
in this in this evolvement of you

[1:39:32]
in this in this evolvement of you
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah I think he like just showed me
piover and monkolver and like really how
to use these tools at a reasonable way
like I remember early on you know people
had know what like I wasn't in poker so
so I don't know exactly what it was like

[1:39:46]
so I don't know exactly what it was like
for the best players But like the
average person at a piover sim, I don't
think people understood that like if you
didn't allow for early actions, it
really messed up the game tree, right?
Like if you don't allow OP to check
rays, just because he didn't check rays

[1:40:01]
rays, just because he didn't check rays
in real life doesn't mean the sim you're
looking at is good, right? Like you need
to build good data and like focus on
having good low exploitability data to
have any benefits from that stuff. And
and so I think that he really helped me
kind of understand what's important

[1:40:15]
kind of understand what's important
about the solver, why, like how is it
working, how to use it to get better, um
how to not care about, you know, looking
up a hand to tell me that, oh, I played
it right. I should feel good about that.
And to focus more on like, okay, well,
what does what does my global frequency

[1:40:32]
what does what does my global frequency
look like? Because if I hit my global
frequency or my bluff to value ratio or
any of these things, right, that stuff
is so much more important than finding
the perfect combo, right? you can find
the right slivers of certain combos, but
when your CB bet frequency is supposed

[1:40:45]
when your CB bet frequency is supposed
to be 60 and you see bet at 80, you're
way off. You know what I mean? So, I
think that he really helped um he helped
kind of drive in what what's important
about about solvers to me.
&gt;&gt; I think also an important uh point that
you made I think about because it was

[1:41:00]
you made I think about because it was
funny because you mentioned about the
pre and postpublic solver era whereas
I'm even of the pre-solver era. So, now
we added another era. So we have
pre-olver error, then we have post
solver error and now we have public
solver error and basically it gets
easier and easier and therefore we use

[1:41:15]
easier and easier and therefore we use
our brain less and less and therefore we
get worse and worse, right? It's kind of
what what you're saying actually. We had
we had a we had a podcast with uh
&gt;&gt; uh [ __ ] what was his name? The poker
terminator. I forgot his name, but we
talked a lot about AI and there also we
talked about like yeah with with AI and

[1:41:30]
talked about like yeah with with AI and
stuff. Yeah, if you don't use it, you
lose it. It's the same with like
solvers, right? If you're just trying to
copy the information from the solver,
you you don't try to problem solve for
yourself. And actually, I saw a study
now of I think it was MIT that's saying
the same with Chad GPT. It's infecting
our brains. It's making us dumber

[1:41:45]
our brains. It's making us dumber
because we don't use it, right? And like
pre if we talk about presolver area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we had to figure all this [ __ ] out
by ourselves. We had to think action
reaction. If I do this and he does that,
how would that impact my strategy? What
would actually be good here? Right. So,
we trained that way of thinking. Like

[1:42:00]
we trained that way of thinking. Like
you said in the newest generation, super
lazy. they just open the solution and
they they are not breaking that down and
playing with it. And even actually in
setting up I've learned a lot by setting
up PO Sims and making mistakes in that
like you said, oh [ __ ] I didn't allow

[1:42:16]
like you said, oh [ __ ] I didn't allow
him to do this. But now the solver
found, oh, so this is interesting. So if
he doesn't do this, now suddenly the
solver recalibrated and found a new way.
I made a mistake in setting it up, but I
learned I learned something about again
like the mechanics of the game.
&gt;&gt; Uh this actually also where the name

[1:42:30]
&gt;&gt; Uh this actually also where the name
mechanics of poker came from, right?
because we teach the mechanics of the
game which is way more interesting than
oh here's a strategy go execute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Good luck buddy. Good luck. It's
too hard. You know what I mean? And like

[1:42:45]
too hard. You know what I mean? And like
you also have to do it with the guy
staring at you with pressure with all
these other things. Like if you don't
have a deep understanding I think I
think you're in I mean there's a couple
talent cases, right?
There's other ways to do it, but the way
that I know how to do it,
excuse me, in the way that I believe in

[1:43:01]
excuse me, in the way that I believe in
is to just have a really deep good
understanding. I mean, dude, it used to
take two hours to set up one monk or so
of a pre flop ICM sim. You know what I
mean? Like like you learned really
quickly how much it mattered about their

[1:43:15]
quickly how much it mattered about their
three bet size and how you have a
completely different response with four
left when you don't feel the same ICM
pressure as eight left. And like you
really had to care when you would build
a database because it took the amount of
computational power and the amount of
resources and hours and all that kind of

[1:43:30]
resources and hours and all that kind of
stuff was so high that what else are you
going to do? You're going to sit there
and watch it run. No, you're going to be
thinking about, okay, I wonder what's
going to happen and and you know, you're
trying to figure it out as this thing
takes 48 hours to give me one ICM
preflop output. You know what I mean?
like it's uh

[1:43:45]
like it's uh
&gt;&gt; and then and then when it's there you're
going to pay you're going to you're
going to study every single bit of it
whereas now you just look at a sim like
oh yeah okay you know it's like we have
so much access to it but I I get it like
sometimes it would run a book halfway
you would already look oh yeah look it's
starting to lean that way what does that

[1:44:02]
starting to lean that way what does that
mean you know you're you're activating
your brain it's funny also that you
mentioned like
&gt;&gt; a reason why people need simplified
strategies is because they're
approaching the game wrong they think
they think actually that they're doing.

[1:44:15]
they think actually that they're doing.
They're making they're trying to make
the game easier, but it's actually only
making it harder. Whereas what's
actually what they think is harder is
understand the game at a deeper level.
That actually makes the game easier
because if you understand the game at a
deeper level, you can execute complex

[1:44:30]
deeper level, you can execute complex
strategies easier, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, this is,
you know, I'll talk about Jonathan
Little a little bit again, uh, with this
thing because he used to just have me
take a range chart and start from pre

[1:44:45]
take a range chart and start from pre
flop. And this is what they like
pocoaching.com. This is a big like
homework aspect of it. And and I was
doing this just over and over and over
where you'd start pre flop and you would
just say, "Okay, I'm raising these
hands." Then you get a flop. You'd
categorize your hands and you'd say,
"Okay, I'm going to be aggressive with

[1:45:00]
"Okay, I'm going to be aggressive with
these hands and then passive with these
hands." and then the turn. And you'd be
like, "Okay, well, I need to have
roughly, this is like, you know, a
little old school, but 2:1 bluff to
value ratio on the flop, one:1 on the
turn, and then 2:1 value to bluff for

[1:45:15]
turn, and then 2:1 value to bluff for
pot on the river." And that was how we
would structure out every single board.
And you would do it by hand. And like,
if you can't do that, why are you
looking at a solver output if you can't
understand like I I mean, the this MDF
on the flop thing is like such a pet

[1:45:30]
on the flop thing is like such a pet
peeve of mine now. Like people like,
"Oh, well like you bet quarter pot, so I
I need to like make sure I like MDF."
Like what the [ __ ] are you talking
about? Like you obviously have no idea
what you're saying. Like like if the
board is bad for you, you're going to
fold. So like 80% of the time if the

[1:45:46]
fold. So like 80% of the time if the
board is good for you, you're going to
overdefend MDF. Like it's not about MDF.
It's about, you know, how much equity
you're realizing and like how the
board's going to change and all these
other concepts. And so like that stuff
is just everything when it comes to
poker because then you can get put as

[1:46:01]
poker because then you can get put as
that poker player in any situation and
have this toolbox to be like, "Okay,
well, you know, this guy's like wrecky
and and guess what? My hand shouldn't
continue flop, but like the guy's not
going to barrel me off. So, like the

[1:46:16]
going to barrel me off. So, like the
reason why I fold pocket fours on 85
deuce to a big flop C bet is because
he's supposed to aggress a lot and I'm
going to have a really hard time playing
this hand po like on future streets. But
you're telling me the guy's like going
to check back the turn every time he

[1:46:30]
to check back the turn every time he
doesn't have anything. Okay, I call.
Right. I'm going to get to realize my
equity and like unless you're really
thinking about the the deep mechanics,
you're like, "Oh, my hand obviously
folds flop because of these reasons, so
I fold." It's like what are we doing?
But like that's how that's not how you
beat poker. You know what I mean? That's

[1:46:45]
beat poker. You know what I mean? That's
doesn't that doesn't take anything. It
doesn't doesn't take any real effort.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I can see like especially what
you mean with like the post public
solver era. Yeah. Like people people
don't do these type of exercises
anymore. You know, same with like you
know especially on the river like bluff

[1:47:01]
know especially on the river like bluff
catching, bluffing, you know, people go
to the solver and say well it bluffs
sometimes and then that's their answer.
Whereas I'm I'm old school man. I say
listen you open a notepad. You get your
calculator out. How how how often is he
supposed to fold? Right? You start you
start visualizing the range. You put

[1:47:16]
start visualizing the range. You put
stripes. Okay, he has two combos, three
combos. Okay, he's folding. Same with
bluff catching. Oh, he needs x amount of
bluffs, so I'm just going to open my
notepad. I'm going to find the bluffs
and they'll say, "Okay, it was a plus if
you call." Not I'm not going to the
solver and say, "Well, I have to call it
sometimes." That that's not how you get

[1:47:31]
sometimes." That that's not how you get
good at poker. If every time if every
time you go to bluff catching spots and
you count out the combos,
&gt;&gt; at some point you become good at it.
Like nowadays it's more of a few like
I'm not act I'm still sometimes object
counted combos but it's more of a few

[1:47:46]
counted combos but it's more of a few
because I've done this so many times
I've trained this process and you can't
learn that from from a solver. It's the
same like I I when you when you're
talking about uh like building range I
remember in the past with Flopzilla I
was building a I think it was a small

[1:48:00]
was building a I think it was a small
blind calling range and I would build
the range and I would randomize flops
and I would see if on all flops I had
good board coverage. So that's like this
is like before solvers even, right?
&gt;&gt; So it's like you're thinking about this
stuff, right? You're trying to build
your ranges in optimal ways, you know,

[1:48:17]
your ranges in optimal ways, you know,
and that was like pre-olver because that
that's what we had, you know, you had to
you had to think about these things. But
in people's defense, and that's also
kind of the problem that you you
mentioned earlier. There is an info
overload, right? So the skill nowadays

[1:48:31]
overload, right? So the skill nowadays
is no longer the information. The skill
is more in filtering. So maybe we can
help the audience a little bit, right?
uh you mentioned already MDF but what
then what is actually important may
maybe we can give some guidelines here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah I would say that like one of the

[1:48:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah I would say that like one of the
most important things is is to be able
to understand why and to execute that
strategy in real life. I would way
prefer somebody be like okay I'm going
like there's plenty of spots on a flop
where you could pot right? I mean in

[1:49:01]
where you could pot right? I mean in
cash games you see this all the time.
you see the very best players and the
cash game challenges and all these
things. 1.2x pot flop. Okay. But like
that's a very hard strategy in my mind,
but like it's very very difficult to

[1:49:15]
but like it's very very difficult to
take something that's pretty out of my
comfort zone, do it because I think it's
good, control my frequencies, and then
play well on turns and rivers. And so
what I think that is important is that
like having thought and deep thought
about what your strategy that you want

[1:49:30]
about what your strategy that you want
to use looks like and then build the
combos, right? Like have something that
you're comfortable with and familiar
with. And as you become more comfortable
and more familiar, then the complexity
can build, right? But looking at a combo
and saying, "I want to do this," and not

[1:49:46]
and saying, "I want to do this," and not
understanding like how to play turns and
rivers, it that's going to just be hard.
It's going to be a very difficult thing
to do. So, I think if you focus on like,
okay, focus on range advantage, focus on
nut advantage, focus on how the board's
going to change on turns and rivers, and

[1:50:00]
going to change on turns and rivers, and
what does that mean for my value hands,
what am I going to be able to go through
streets very often? If so, I probably
don't need that much protection on the
flop. I can use a smaller size, man.
A78. There's a lot of runouts where my
ace king or ace jack, like my ace jack

[1:50:15]
ace king or ace jack, like my ace jack
off, doesn't get to go for three
streets. Okay, we'll use that. Size up
the flop. limit the SPR m make it a
shallower SPR on the river so that you
can go for three streets more often. I
think like really focusing on the
incentives of of of your strategy and

[1:50:31]
incentives of of of your strategy and
kind of how to build that is um is the
way to approach it and also
constantly constantly constantly
test yourself and quiz yourself and try
to be able to articulate your strategy.

[1:50:46]
to be able to articulate your strategy.
Don't play a hand and go look at a an at
an output. Focus on the fact of like,
okay, why did I call him? I think he's
over bluffing. Okay, perfect. Tell me
which combos you think he's overbluffing
with. Do you think that he's is it that

[1:51:00]
with. Do you think that he's is it that
he's not going thin enough for value or
is that he can't ever check turn with
jack high because he wants to do the
overb? You know what I mean? He's going
to have too too much error in that kind
of strategy. Build it out by hand. Do it
over and over and over and over and then
just check your work. Check it, iterate,

[1:51:16]
just check your work. Check it, iterate,
tweak things, and go from there. Because
I really do think that the importance
about it is learning everything you can
from theoretical side, but figuring out
how that looks like in real life for you
under pressure in big moments, etc.
Because like it's I'm telling you, if

[1:51:31]
Because like it's I'm telling you, if
you give me a spot and you give me an
hour to think about it, I can probably
build a pretty good range, right? I
think I'm going to be able to build
better ranges than my opponents on
average. But like, can I do that when
the pressure is on and I'm fatigued and
whatnot? Maybe I maybe I just lean into

[1:51:47]
whatnot? Maybe I maybe I just lean into
my strengths a little bit and decide,
okay, I'm not going to play B40 in the
spot because I could just I'm just not
as used to it. I'm going to just play
B25 and B60 and kind of separate my
ranges the way I like on flops. Uh and
go from there.

[1:52:01]
go from there.
I think also something very important
that you mentioned there in like I think
a lot of players they look at the solver
output and they see it kind of as okay
this is this is like my coach telling me
okay this is the strate I have to play
whereas for example you mentioned A78
it's like oh okay okay I cannot really

[1:52:16]
it's like oh okay okay I cannot really
go to three streets that sucks I kind of
do want to get more money and how can I
do that can I maybe tweak something like
said oh may maybe I should start with a
big size you're you're you're not just
saying oh the solver does this you're
trying to think ah but I don't want this
how can we can can we maybe do do

[1:52:31]
how can we can can we maybe do do
something here, right? You're you're
thinking creative. You're thinking,
okay, well, but what if I change this?
What if I change that? Can we find ways
around it? Right? And also what you
mentioned in terms of uh yeah, with
finding like the combos. Yeah. To in
order to understand I think I think the

[1:52:45]
order to understand I think I think the
most I always say, okay, the people ask
me like should I play this strategy? I
say, do you understand it? Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You you cannot execute a strategy that
that you don't understand. Yeah, you
might you might be able to memorize the
flop, but you have to understand why
that combo is in there and what its

[1:53:01]
that combo is in there and what its
purpose is and why it's like what
properties it has because only then and
like what the strategy is trying to
achieve. It's very important. Uh because
if you understand what it's trying to
achieve, you will be able to better play
turn a river and also understand when
that's achieved like what what was the

[1:53:16]
that's achieved like what what was the
purpose there so you're not on a lady
street doing something completely
different with the hand that was not
really the reason why it was there.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And you can extrapolate it,
right? I mean, the game is too vast.
Like, you need to understand the A78 in
that spot with Ace Jack. You know what?
It's kind of also like Jack 85. It might

[1:53:32]
It's kind of also like Jack 85. It might
not look the same, but like your
incentives are quite similar. Like, you
you want to pile money in early. Um, and
maybe you want to put in more money on
Jack 85, but but the same incentive is
there. The other thing I would add to
that and I I I love everything that that

[1:53:45]
that and I I I love everything that that
you're kind of saying from that, but um
the other thing that I would add is that
spend time understanding how sensitive
the solver is. Spend time in PO in doing
your own work, understanding that like,
okay, the reason why I'm barreling the

[1:54:00]
okay, the reason why I'm barreling the
turn so much is because I'm I'm my hand
does a good job of unblocking his
offshoot folding range. But what happens
if the guy doesn't defend his offshoot
threes in the big blind pre? What's that
going to do to your overall strategy?
Are you targeting enough folds, right?

[1:54:16]
Are you targeting enough folds, right?
Like you need to un like uh cut off
button. I think about this one a lot
where okay, where where is our where's
our advantage cut off button because
it's a tough spot to play. You're out of
position with a super wide range. Um and
it's like okay well we open offuit 9x

[1:54:31]
it's like okay well we open offuit 9x
and all of our offsuit 10x and and they
don't ever call an offsuit 9x maybe ace9
off and they call less of their offuit
10x and this guy he's pretty three bet
happy. So, I think that like he has way
less 10x. Well, well, guess what? I'm
going to be very aggressive on 997, but

[1:54:47]
going to be very aggressive on 997, but
I'll probably be way more passive on
Jack Jack 7. It doesn't really feel that
way. But when you start to think about
sensitivities and you think about where
your advantages and your range are, like
all of a sudden it becomes a lot easier
to to to understand the situation you're
in in real life. Um, and always focus on

[1:55:03]
in in real life. Um, and always focus on
on what you're targeting. I think that
that's you know uh Petrangelo and I tal
Petrangelo I don't want to say I talked
about this Petrangelo helped me with
this and then we've we've talked more
sense about it but one of my favorite
things about defense is to think about

[1:55:18]
things about defense is to think about
what is my weakest defend on the flop
because if you can constantly identify
when the board is whatever A73 and
you're up against a lowjack what your
weakest defend is and then button versus

[1:55:30]
weakest defend is and then button versus
big blind what your weakest defend is
that just starts to really help you
figure out your overall range and your
overall strategy. You're like, "Okay,
like I want to defend um 98 off with a
back door versus the button because, you
know, his range is wider, have more
equity, but I definitely can't defend

[1:55:45]
equity, but I definitely can't defend
that versus like U8." And so now it
starts to really help you understand um
you know, kind of how to actually build
those strategies and why that stuff's
happening.
It was funny because when you said A73
and you were like bomb defend I
literally felt 89 off and then

[1:56:01]
literally felt 89 off and then
[laughter] you like 89 off and I was
like but it's pretty tight versus like
the lowjack. So great minds think alike.
Uh you mentioned like you you had you
had a lot of mentors. Uh I was curious
like what has been like one of the
biggest strategical breakthrough moments

[1:56:17]
biggest strategical breakthrough moments
uh in your career?
something that you learned that you were
like, "Oh, wow. This this changes
everything for me."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um,
you know, it's it's a bit of a simple

[1:56:30]
you know, it's it's a bit of a simple
one, but sometimes it's good to get
reminded of the simple ones. And and
Brock Wilson is very good at this. He's
a good buddy of mine, American player,
and
he is I don't want to overshare. I won't
say which direction, but you know, he's

[1:56:45]
say which direction, but you know, he's
pretty good at understanding that like
if the guy is going to overfold by 1%.
The adjustment isn't to bluff 10% more.
The adjustment is to bluff everything,
right? Or if the guy's going to overall
by 2%.

[1:57:00]
by 2%.
Once again, the adjustment isn't to
bluff 5% less. It's to literally never
bluff, right? It's like he's
overdefending. He's he's calling you too
much. And I think that um that was a
pretty good breakthrough for me because
I think that you know bluff catching is

[1:57:16]
I think that you know bluff catching is
is a difficult difficult thing and and
it's a really hard thing in the public
solver era because man it is so easy to
show that the hand that you called with
could be good if they're bluffing. You
know what I mean? Like you have great

[1:57:30]
know what I mean? Like you have great
blockers and great properties to to call
the river with. Um, and when the guy's
not bluffing enough, like you're
literally just scorching money. And I
actually think there's a step in there,
too, that was important because let's
say they play perfectly. So, you're
playing computer and you have a bluff

[1:57:45]
playing computer and you have a bluff
catcher on the river and you're supposed
to, let's just say call all of them half
the time, whatever. You know what I
mean? And
you don't call them at all. All right.
The EV of your strategy doesn't lose any

[1:58:01]
The EV of your strategy doesn't lose any
EV. Okay. And that was kind of
counterintuitive to me the first time.
And that's like an old Will Tipton
concept. It I forget what he calls it,
but it's like, you know, it's I forget
the term he uses, but essentially it's
like you don't start losing Morty V

[1:58:15]
like you don't start losing Morty V
until they adjust their strategy. So
like if you think the guy is is an
amazing player and he's structuring a
good river strategy, you can fold every
single bluff catcher and it doesn't
affect the the EV of your strategy.
Okay. And so like I think that that that
plus the adjusting on rivers was was a

[1:58:33]
plus the adjusting on rivers was was a
big thing for me because it really
helped me believe like okay I can range
call this guy here. I can range fold
this guy here. I can range bluff this
guy. And the belief to take the lever
and just crank it to 100 in one of the

[1:58:46]
and just crank it to 100 in one of the
directions I I think was um was really
important for me. Next up is Coin Poker.
Coin Poker is the fastest growing poker
room in the world right now. In a world
where site seems to care less and less
about the players, Coin Poker is showing

[1:59:01]
about the players, Coin Poker is showing
good promise, listening to the community
and provide a safe and sustainable
playing environment going forward. Join
the action, get 33% rakeback and 150%
deposit bonus using the code TM Oop or
register using the link down below in

[1:59:15]
register using the link down below in
the description. How would you uh
obviously like in poker strategies metas
they changed changed a lot right over
the years. How would you describe the
current meta in poker and how do you
think it's changed and where do you

[1:59:30]
think it's changed and where do you
where do you see it's going?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's such a good question. Um, I
think I'm going to preface it with the
fact that I think one of the biggest
things that's lost when people look at
high stakes and I'm sure the same is the
same thing occurs in cash and that's
that people think that because the

[1:59:45]
that people think that because the
solvers are out there people play the
same and that could not be further from
the truth. There are so many styles of
players. If you watch Amadi play an FT
and you compare that to the way Ponacovs
plays an FT and then you do it that to
Chris Brewer and and to you know

[2:00:01]
Chris Brewer and and to you know
Petrangelo like these guys are clearly
approaching it differently if you really
you know look into it and I think that
um yeah so in terms of the meta I want
to I want to state that first because
there's so many different styles that
that are currently currently kind of at

[2:00:16]
that are currently currently kind of at
play. Um, but I would say that things
just like kind of come and go out of
style, you know, like like I think that
people realize that these offuit hands,
you know, especially in ICM like to
three bet bluff a lot. And so I think

[2:00:31]
three bet bluff a lot. And so I think
that like in similar stack spots, people
started three betting way too much, you
know, in these spots. And and I think
that like there's always this iteration
where it's going to turn and people are
now playing maybe a little bit too tight
in these spots and they're not bluffing
enough because like people are gambling

[2:00:46]
enough because like people are gambling
too much or whatnot. So, I think that
like the tiniest of of metas in terms of
how aggressive people are pre flop and
how they how they approach final tables,
I think that that's going to be a lot
different in in some years. Like if if
you look at the Tritons now, now you

[2:01:00]
you look at the Tritons now, now you
have um like soft hand for hand right in
the money. And in these big field
events, it's it's pretty rough at times
because like you're 50 people left and
if one table gets two hands ahead or if
you're two hands ahead of a table, you
kind of just stop and wait while they

[2:01:16]
kind of just stop and wait while they
catch up. And I think that's because
people were like stalling a lot. But it
makes no sense. Like if you're one of
the best players, 45 left. It literally
doesn't matter what your stack size is.
You want to be playing as many hands as
possible. like the win rate that you can

[2:01:31]
possible. like the win rate that you can
achieve is so much higher than the
benefits that you have from 45 to 20 or
whatnot. And so I think that that that's
something that's probably going to be
changing in my mind at least because
like it's just so clear that you want to
play fast if you think you have a big
edge. Having the chips 18 left is so

[2:01:46]
edge. Having the chips 18 left is so
important. It's so important to have a
big stack final two tables. It's so
important to have a big stack um you
know at at the FT. And so I think that
the way that we view riskreward and the
way that um the way that we kind of
approach taking on variants in

[2:02:00]
approach taking on variants in
tournaments, I assume that that still
has a long way to go in terms of like
the meta.
Obviously, you know, when you uh when
you try to adapt to metas and you try to
stay ahead, you know, you experiment
different strategies, counter
strategies. What has been one of the

[2:02:17]
strategies. What has been one of the
most controversial strategies that
you've experimented with if you if you
think back and which one uh which one
was shortlived and which one actually
stood the the test of time?
&gt;&gt; Um I thought that you could jam the big

[2:02:32]
&gt;&gt; Um I thought that you could jam the big
blind against a button open for 30 with
any two cards. And I think that that's
that that's you know it had its time and
its place like like you know you're
you're pre-solver era finding autop
profofit spots used to be unbelievably

[2:02:46]
profofit spots used to be unbelievably
beneficial and common among top players
and I started to get addicted to this
like autoprofit you know thought and I I
think I kind of overlooked that like
okay well it is profitable but that
doesn't mean it's not profitable to call
right you can make more calling than

[2:03:00]
right you can make more calling than
than than jamming on the player and so
like like if it would go button raise
small blind call like I I would jam on
that just ridiculously wide because I
just thought these ranges can't can't um
you know they can't defend against it.
So I would say that one kind of came and

[2:03:15]
So I would say that one kind of came and
went. Um I I still use some of those
things but I'm much more much more
careful with with the usage. Uh, one
that I tried that I that stayed with me,
I think, um, I think I was pretty quick

[2:03:30]
I think, um, I think I was pretty quick
to be one to fight exceptionally hard
for pots and three bet pots in
tournaments. Um, I remember a hand I
played against Chewy,
you know, a number of years ago that I
three bet ace king off. He called and

[2:03:45]
three bet ace king off. He called and
the board came like 10337 deuce and I
went bet jam for value and like it
looked ridiculous at the time but now
that you know we spend a little bit more
time looking at the way people are
building their ranges and whatnot like

[2:04:00]
building their ranges and whatnot like
the amount that you have to fight
especially in late position out of
position three bet pots in tournaments
is just absolutely crazy. Well like it
the value thresholds are not intuitive
to to most people at least. So, I think
that that was one that that I did that I

[2:04:18]
that that was one that that I did that I
think stays with me a little bit. Like
being really willing to go for super
thin value in these spots, being willing
to fight really hard in position against
these bets. Like when a guy three bets a
really polar range on a position and you

[2:04:30]
really polar range on a position and you
peel in position, it is just going to be
so hard for them to play turns and
rivers. They have king six off, king
four off, king. The reason why they
three bet that range is because they
don't care that much about playability.
They just want to make top pair and not
make top pair. you're playing a short
shallow SPR and when that's the case

[2:04:45]
shallow SPR and when that's the case
your in position job is to force them to
play turns and rivers right because like
that that is the deficiency in that in
their strategy and so I think that that
was one that yeah fighting hard and
throughout posit one that I kind of
messed around with that ended up being
um a really good strategy

[2:05:03]
um a really good strategy
you uh you do a good job at explaining a
lot of things in poker and obviously you
you already mentioned right you're
involved at poker coaching you do a lot
poker coaching. In your experience
working with players, what are the most

[2:05:15]
working with players, what are the most
common leaks uh you see and how do you
go about uh improving those
most common leagues?
Caring too much about about what people
think about their hands. Um caring too

[2:05:30]
think about their hands. Um caring too
much about what the solver says or what
they should do or or what they you know
what I mean? Like all those emotional
things. I think like I think that that
stuff just really gets player four
through eight, you know, and I it got me
when I was four through eight, you know
what I mean? When I was really trying to
climb, I think that those things are

[2:05:46]
climb, I think that those things are
just really common pitfalls that you
have to get out of your mind. Um, you
have to be okay with making mistakes.
And and I really do believe that like
you want to make mistakes in every
direction. I I one time in the Bahamas
overheard some players talking about a

[2:06:00]
overheard some players talking about a
hand I played and they were in a
different study group and group than
myself and they pretty much said
something of the effect of like, "Oh
yeah, you can never fold a bluff catcher
in that spot to him and it made me
immediately I was just walking by and I
heard them talking about this and I it

[2:06:15]
heard them talking about this and I it
immediately put a light bulb and I was
just like I cannot give people
adjustments. Like I I I cannot be known
to be just like too happy to bluff in
these spots. And making mistakes in
every direction really does that because

[2:06:30]
every direction really does that because
you're going to make mistakes. You need
to be a pip too tight. You need to be a
pip too loose. You need to make mistakes
in all these different directions and be
okay with it and just iterate it over
and over and over. I think that yeah,
mistakes and failure and those things
are are incredibly important um for for

[2:06:47]
are are incredibly important um for for
some of the people I've worked with. And
I think that yeah, you have to you have
to be able to push through that and you
have to have that self-belief and and
the work ethic to build a strategy that
that you understand and that you love

[2:07:00]
that you understand and that you love
and and you want to play and you want to
execute and it makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that that that's great in I
think it applies also to to all formats.
Let's say uh I would be interested in uh
in showing up at at the next Triton
stop. Obviously, I'm already a

[2:07:15]
stop. Obviously, I'm already a
knowledgeable player, but specialize in
a different format, right? Cash games.
Let's say uh you would give me three
coaching sessions to prepare me for
Triton. What What topics would you
cover?
Short stack ICM play for for definitely

[2:07:31]
Short stack ICM play for for definitely
at least two of them. Maybe some maybe
adjustments from deep stack to
midstacked and some of the things that
you need to do post flop like realizing
your equity more. um you know being
being a bit more polar in some spots and

[2:07:46]
being a bit more polar in some spots and
uh maybe a little bit on that, but
really the Tritons in my mind the the
biggest edges are coming from uh playing
well short average stock nearing the
money in the money nearing the final
table. That that stuff I think is it's

[2:08:00]
table. That that stuff I think is it's
just so important. And I mean, you're
sitting with like 16 big blinds, 15 off
the money in a 50k or or maybe in a 30k
where there's more people and like the
average dock is is 14 big blinds. That
that's a completely different game than
what we're typically used to online or

[2:08:15]
what we're typically used to online or
what you're used to in other formats
when you're like, okay, I have 16 bigs.
I can I'm going to just jam the cut off
with whatever ace 10 off, you know, and
it's like, well, no, like you need to
imagine 16 is like 24 right now. You
know what I you you actually play node
jams in the cutoff nearing the money in

[2:08:30]
jams in the cutoff nearing the money in
the spot because like every chip is
worth so much and you're able to put
more pressure on with min raises and
things like that. So I think that yeah
my focus would would be on short stack
turn tournament play pertaining to
payout structures
&gt;&gt; and then mainly like pre flop ICM.

[2:08:46]
&gt;&gt; and then mainly like pre flop ICM.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I guess that I mean the
most important obviously like if it was
somebody that um that like I I I was
having big pieces of or something like
that like you know player pool reads and
and how different businessmen play at

[2:09:00]
and how different businessmen play at
these things is is massive for win rate.
Right. I think that I undervalued that.
&gt;&gt; Um you know one thing that you said
earlier about going to Vegas and playing
live I really resonated with because the
the way that people from different
countries look and feel is completely

[2:09:15]
countries look and feel is completely
different. And the first time I went and
played in Asia, I had this guy and I was
like, "He has to have the nuts. I've
never seen somebody act like this
without the nuts." And I'm like, "Dude,
like I I can't do this. I can't I can't
fold." And I got lucky that like I had a

[2:09:30]
fold." And I got lucky that like I had a
hand that was so so good that like I
could beat plenty of value. And I was
like, "I can't do this." Bluff, right?
And I'm like, "Oh my god, like what is
what is going on?" Right? And and like
the way that they feel emotion is just
different than what I'm used to.
Americans when when they feel emotion,

[2:09:45]
Americans when when they feel emotion,
you feel it in a certain way, right? But
everybody's different in the way that
they their body presents is just
different. So player pool reads, the way
people act, who cares about the money,
who cares about the first bullet, who
takes pride in being in for eight
bullets, uh you know, all these things

[2:10:00]
bullets, uh you know, all these things
like matter a ton when you're going to
play these. So I think that that if it's
somebody that like I I really, you know,
want to do more than a theoretical help,
that that that would be the the most
useful for for somebody like you going
to Triton, I think.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, if I'm uh if I'm ever
going to gonna make the switch, I will

[2:10:16]
going to gonna make the switch, I will
make sure to give you a call. This seems
like val valuable coaching sessions.
Adam, maybe from a performance side,
like one thing actually personally I
always struggle with in if I to play a
live entity is like for example food uh

[2:10:33]
live entity is like for example food uh
uh around around the grind uh like I
said, trying to optimize your sleep.
It's always very hard, right? You're
trying to be as focused, sharp as
possible, but you also have to be in bed
an hour later so you can try to get as
much sleep in. Could you maybe give like

[2:10:46]
much sleep in. Could you maybe give like
some performance tips around around uh
around the series?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think routine is important. So
figuring out what time you're going to
be sleeping, what time you're waking up,
having some sort of structure to your
morning, try to control as many
variables as you can, whether it's

[2:11:00]
variables as you can, whether it's
getting some light outside. I'd say
food's quite simple, but people just
don't really think about it enough. like
literally choose what times you should
be eating, what foods work well for you.
Generally less is better than more. So
if like Justin says some he doesn't eat
when he's grinding these long stops cuz
it's often better to not be over kind of

[2:11:17]
it's often better to not be over kind of
saturated with food. So yeah, I think
the main thing is create a structure for
yourself and keep it as familiar as
possible because often when you're going
to a live stop like there's lots of new
things happening, lots of things out of
your control. Try to control as many
variables as you can. If you can't
control your sleep, okay, no worries.

[2:11:31]
control your sleep, okay, no worries.
What can you control and try to create a
a kind of structure that works? Then I
think for yourself or any if you were
going into a a live stuff like this, the
main thing would be expectations. I just
be working on look expectations. We need
to get those in check because I think a
lot of players who don't play live often
enough, they go in, they're all giddy

[2:11:46]
enough, they go in, they're all giddy
like yeah, this is let's go to play
amazing going to get some good results
and majority of the time you're just
going to get a punch in the face. Your
money's gone and back home you go and it
feels a bit demoralizing. So I think for
players who don't play live often,
especially tournaments, just like
destroy expectations. It's not going to

[2:12:01]
destroy expectations. It's not going to
work out well for you. Let's get those
down to zero and then go there, have a
good time, have fun, and yeah, just
acknowledge that you're going to make
mistakes. Oh yeah, another thing, you'll
make mistakes. That'll be another thing
to work on. Acknowledging it's not out
your comfort zone. Mistakes are going to
be everywhere. So, [laughter] I've
really destroyed all your joy going into

[2:12:16]
really destroyed all your joy going into
that series, but hopefully when things
don't go well, it will help will help a
bit.
&gt;&gt; Great advice.
&gt;&gt; All right, cool. I want to just go into
a rapid fire now with you, Justin. So,
the kind of rules here are basically
just answer with whatever comes to mind.
It can be a short answer or we can

[2:12:30]
It can be a short answer or we can
expand a little bit, but basically when
I say the question, just whatever comes
to mind, you'll just quickly respond.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; All right. Cool. First question. What's
the most overrated concept in poker?
&gt;&gt; MDF.
&gt;&gt; One trait every elite poker player has

[2:12:46]
&gt;&gt; One trait every elite poker player has
in common.
&gt;&gt; Grit.
&gt;&gt; The biggest lie poker players tell
themselves.
&gt;&gt; I don't care about the results.
What's your biggest live book poker holy
[ __ ] moment?

[2:13:03]
&gt;&gt; Uh my first Triton FT.
&gt;&gt; What made it that way?
&gt;&gt; Just playing for almost 2 million. Phil
Ivy, Dan Smith, Jason [ __ ]

[2:13:16]
Ivy, Dan Smith, Jason [ __ ]
so many like elite players and then just
like the status of Triton for the first
time, you're like this is unbelievable.
But like the way the production value,
everything that goes into it and then
you come out into the smoke and the
table and you're sitting with just like

[2:13:30]
table and you're sitting with just like
the best players of the last, you know
what I mean? Like like forever. And I
think that was a a moment that like when
reflecting on I'm like I cannot believe
I didn't freak the [ __ ] out. You know
what I mean? Like like in the moment I
felt okay. I was like like I'm more

[2:13:45]
felt okay. I was like like I'm more
studied than these guys right now. Like
once again I'm leaning into those things
that I feel like I can find my edge
somewhere. Um, but I looked back at that
one and I'm like, that was crazy, you
know, like that was an insane moment.
And and uh yeah, luckily those those
I've had more of those sense that it
doesn't feel as insane now, but um yeah,

[2:14:01]
doesn't feel as insane now, but um yeah,
that that was one that that was the one
that came came to mind.
&gt;&gt; Of that lineup, who was the most
intimidating to play against?
&gt;&gt; Um Ivy.
&gt;&gt; When you're on a down swing, deep in the
downswing, what's your internal

[2:14:16]
downswing, what's your internal
dialogue?
&gt;&gt; Keep going. Trust yourself. Keep going.
Trust yourself. Something like that.
&gt;&gt; What emotion cost poker players the most
money?
&gt;&gt; Pride. Is that an emotion?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.

[2:14:30]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Does that count?
&gt;&gt; That definitely counts. Yeah. Favorite
non-poker book that has helped improved
your life or poker performance?
&gt;&gt; Um, Can't Hurt Me, a David Gogggins
book.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Fits in nicely with the war mode

[2:14:45]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Fits in nicely with the war mode
from the start.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's your best investment you've
made in your book career but under $100?
&gt;&gt; Oh well. Um, notebooks. I like to write
stuff down. I think that's that's a lost
thing a little bit too with the public
solver era. Like you should be filling

[2:15:01]
solver era. Like you should be filling
notebooks at any level of of poker.
Notes on players, whatever. You can type
it later, but I think like notebooks and
pen like always be writing things.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. So for you, do you then select
your best notes from your notepads and

[2:15:15]
your best notes from your notepads and
then type them up? Have you got like
some sort of system from going from a
kind of written format to a digital
format?
&gt;&gt; Um, I would say that I am a bit lazier
going to digital. I don't mind
picking up an old notebook. When it
comes to like player notes and things, I

[2:15:30]
comes to like player notes and things, I
make sure those all go digital. So if
it's a player note, it always goes
digital. If it's a theory note or
something I feel or something I'm
thinking, I'm okay leaving that in in
the notebook.
&gt;&gt; Nice. probably a dying skill these days
to actually write things down. So, it's
a good reminder. Yeah. All right. Great

[2:15:46]
a good reminder. Yeah. All right. Great
stuff. That's the rapid fire done. I'm
now going to go to some signature
questions and reflecting back on your
career and trying to take some lessons
for from yourself and for the audience.
So, for yourself, what would you say is
the most important lesson poker has
taught you?
&gt;&gt; I would say like you can do anything in

[2:16:00]
&gt;&gt; I would say like you can do anything in
life, you know, you can achieve anything
that you put your mind to. There is no
limitation. It's only in your head, you
know. If you really want something and
and you and you want it with everything
that's in you, you you'll get there, you

[2:16:15]
that's in you, you you'll get there, you
know.
&gt;&gt; How do you instill that belief in
someone who maybe doesn't have that? Is
that something you've got to or can, as
you mentioned earlier, prove to yourself
with repetitions, doing hard stuff, keep
showing up. How does someone get to
where you're at in terms of believing
that's true for themselves?

[2:16:31]
that's true for themselves?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, the the fake it till you
make it thing I think is important. um
finding small wins, winning just small
things. You know, if you feel like you
can't run a 10 mile race, okay, run to

[2:16:45]
can't run a 10 mile race, okay, run to
the other house next door, run a lap
around the track, run what like just
keep going forward, you know, just like
keep going and like I think that people
will always shock themselves on, you
know, this is some other quote I'm
stealing, but on like how little it

[2:17:00]
stealing, but on like how little it
feels like happens in one year and how
much it feels like happens in 10 or
whatever whatever the kind of quote is
where you can achieve so much in the
long term and like if if you're not
naturally that way. I think it's just
important to just build like build on it
over and over. Small wins. Small wins.

[2:17:16]
over and over. Small wins. Small wins.
Okay. If if you feel like you're lazy in
the morning, wake up 5 minutes earlier
for 20 days straight. Do five push-ups
for 20 days straight and then 10, right?
Like it just it'll just always always
build uh something grander.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that. I think the kind of

[2:17:31]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that. I think the kind of
progressive overload, always doing a
little bit more, pushing yourself works
in like any domain, whether that's the
gym, whether that's with work ethic and
anything you're doing. I also think it's
good to pair that with something where
you shatter your beliefs, where you
literally take on a challenge where like
that guy who can't do the 10K, you sign

[2:17:46]
that guy who can't do the 10K, you sign
up for a marathon in six months time and
now it's just all in. I think there's
something about setting a challenge that
just seems so big that can have a really
powerful impact on your mind forever
because you realize the mind tells you a
constant story. I can't do this. I can't
do that. And we just believe the mind

[2:18:01]
do that. And we just believe the mind
over and over. If you stop the mind and
go, right, I can do that and just sign
up for it. It has this really powerful
way of blasting through a lot of those
smaller checkpoints. So for myself, I
remember the David Gogggins good
example. I did the 4x4 by 48 challenge,
which is you're running four miles every

[2:18:15]
which is you're running four miles every
four hours for 48 hours. At this time, I
was only doing the gym. I hadn't run a
5K for the best part of a year. And I
was really wasn't [ __ ] for running. And
I heard it on the Monday and it was
starting on the Wednesday. And I was
like, my mind instantly went, I could
never do that cuz it's just crazy. And

[2:18:30]
never do that cuz it's just crazy. And
that's when why not? And I remember I
was entertaining the thought long enough
for it just to plant a seed. I thought
I'll just do the first four 4K and then
I'll see what I feel after it. And on
the first 4K I did it and I finished at
my local gym and I saw three people I
knew like Adam you've just been for a
run. You never run. So yeah, I'm just

[2:18:45]
run. You never run. So yeah, I'm just
doing this 4x4 by 48 challenge. Start
explaining the challenge to them like oh
that sounds really cool. Keep us
updated. I'm like oh my god I've just
doubled down on this now and then over
the course of that you run 48 kilometers
over the course of two days. You
basically wake up every four hours. So
the hard ones are midnight, 4 in the

[2:19:00]
the hard ones are midnight, 4 in the
morning, 8 in the morning and then you
just go through for two days straight.
But through that one, it taught me how
resilient you can be like to challenges,
but also how much you can do that you
feel like you can't. So when I finished
that, my body was a bit beaten up, but I
didn't get injured, which was a great
thing. But also, I felt like my mind had

[2:19:16]
thing. But also, I felt like my mind had
just went, "Ah, I've got so many
stories." And for the next probably next
year, to be honest, every time my mind
stopped me and said, "Adam, you can't do
that." I create a seed of doubt and go,
"Well, can you or you just decided that
you can't?" So, I think it's really good
to uh to have belief shattering stuff
for yourself, Justin. any thing you've

[2:19:31]
for yourself, Justin. any thing you've
done that's kind of been out of your
comfort zone massively. I'm guessing
even doing the Triton. It's the times
might have felt that way. That felt like
a big jump when you maybe weren't ready.
&gt;&gt; I not not not one thing comes to mind,
but I think that it's it's just about

[2:19:46]
but I think that it's it's just about
picking new things all the time. Like I
loved it when you said like one hard
thing a day. Like I I went through a
time where I this sounds a little cliche
or whatever, but I would always say that
like when I wake up, my feet are on the
floor in 10 seconds because I felt like

[2:20:00]
floor in 10 seconds because I felt like
I was just like people were like you
wake up, your phone's near your bed, you
check your social media, whatever. It's
like what am I doing? Like am I really
going to waste my life away like
scrolling Twitter, you know? So I kind
of had this rule where I was like okay
if I wake up my feet are on the floor in
10 seconds because I felt like if I was

[2:20:15]
10 seconds because I felt like if I was
like okay I need to get up and do
something or whatever. It felt too
grand. It's so easy to break that, you
know, but if it's so simple as, okay, my
feet go from bed to floor. I was like,
well, I can do that, right? And then it
became this this like kind of a build
again where I was like, okay, well, how

[2:20:30]
again where I was like, okay, well, how
about finish a cold shower within a
minute? I'm like, 10 seconds, feet on
the floor, ice cold shower or as cold as
it can go and get in there within within
a minute, within two minutes. Can I do
that? And so then then it just kind of
became this thing of of, you know,
trying to do difficult things just over

[2:20:45]
trying to do difficult things just over
and over and just proving to yourself
that it's it's not that hard. this
little voice in your head is just lying
to you the whole time. And and one one
note on that is that like this
information and knowledge thing, right?
There's so much information, but but
we're starving for knowledge. Like it's

[2:21:00]
we're starving for knowledge. Like it's
so incredible how much information is
out there that you can go and and learn
from. Like you can literally go learn
from some of the greatest athletes or
businessmen or whatever of all time
speaking publicly. When at any point in
history could you have done that, right?

[2:21:16]
history could you have done that, right?
Like you can listen to Kobe and he talks
about oh well you obviously everybody
has this thing in their mind that like
when things are hard or when you're on
mile you know what I mean 10 of of of
the race you're doing it's like do I
need to do this like do I really like do
I have to do this like does it really

[2:21:30]
I have to do this like does it really
matter like I'm tired my body hurts
whatever like fighting against that like
human instinct is just so important and
and just showing that like your mind is
so much stronger than than your doubts
and and the things that are pushing you
back. Um, I I think like Yeah.

[2:21:48]
back. Um, I I think like Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think getting reps as well
with that kind of like doing stuff long
enough. That's why we keep talking about
winning the day and doing those kind of
daily challenges because it's not
something that you just do once. It's
like a constant battle where you put
yourself in situations and you show I

[2:22:01]
yourself in situations and you show I
can do something hard. Then you start to
realize that the mind's telling you this
is hard. I can't do it. And you override
that and do it. It's like boom rep for
me. I I beat that that day. Some days
you can't. Let's say you go for a 10
mile run around mile 9. You've
exhausted. You're think I can't do it.
and in that moment you couldn't rise to

[2:22:16]
and in that moment you couldn't rise to
it. Even then this the stuff to take. So
I think it's really good to uh build
reps with yourself that you can do hard
things. So when you do face challenges
you've got that kind of toolkit to be
able to push back against it because I
think a lot of people who do struggle
they uh just haven't built the reps to
themselves. You can't cheat the process.

[2:22:31]
themselves. You can't cheat the process.
It's like the you can't get the
knowledge you got information. You can't
get the knowledge without doing the
experience. I think a lot of challenges
you just got to go through them. If you
look at resilient people the most
resilient people on the planet whether
it's a David Gogggins or somewhat
similar. It's not through studying. It's
not through learning stuff. It's like

[2:22:45]
not through learning stuff. It's like
doing hard stuff over and over. So that
voice gets very active in their minds
and they find ways to push back against
it. So I think it's a a lot of practical
things and anyone who's struggling with
this like as you mentioned start small.
What you said as well reminds me of the
Mel Rob Mel Robbins has got a rule
called the 5-second rule where basically

[2:23:00]
called the 5-second rule where basically
anytime you think about doing something
hard just go five 4 3 2 1 do it. So like
kind of stops the mind from
overthinking. So I think yeah that kind
of your 10-second rule reminded me of
that kind of concept of just don't
overthink it. often your mind the more
you think about it will find reasons to

[2:23:16]
you think about it will find reasons to
uh go for the path of least resistance
what feels comfortable and so I think
trying to find ways to get yourself to
do hard things so yeah hopefully that
motivates someone to at least do some
something something hard today
&gt;&gt; so for you like there's a lot of players
who will be listening to this who will
be maybe relating to you on your early

[2:23:30]
be maybe relating to you on your early
part of your journey and go wow I I
would love to replicate your success but
people are going to go different ways
and not many of them will be able to
replicate that to be honest so for
yourself what do you think has been the
greatest contributor to your success
guess that's allowed you to separate
from other pit players who started on

[2:23:45]
from other pit players who started on
the same journey?
&gt;&gt; Um I think desire
um yeah desire was big. I think that,
you know, I went through a time that was
pretty impactful with like, you know, we

[2:24:01]
pretty impactful with like, you know, we
don't need to get to it in in full, but
like the American kind of player, poker
player, like cheating stuff. And
I think that it kind of really put a
chip on my shoulder and my desire went
through the roof because I was getting

[2:24:15]
through the roof because I was getting
mixed up and I feel like I didn't do
anything wrong. And uh you know
like I think that the desire
everybody says they want something but
they don't really want it that bad. They
don't want it bad enough to like skip
the night out on a Saturday. You know

[2:24:31]
the night out on a Saturday. You know
when I really felt like I wanted it was
like I skipped New Year's to study. I
was like I'm gonna skip I'm gonna skip
this today. I want to study. I'm gonna
play I'm gonna play online. I haven't
played cash in a while. Let me like
grind cash and go study. And I was like

[2:24:45]
grind cash and go study. And I was like
that that was such a big funny thing for
me because like that was when the
competition started in my head at a
really high level. I was like I'm going
to bury these guys. Like I'm going to
want it so much more than them. And I I
think that people that that say they
want it just they just don't want it

[2:25:00]
want it just they just don't want it
that bad. They don't want to make the
sacrifices. They don't they don't really
want to chase what their goals are. And
that's okay too, right? If if you don't
want to be um you know a super elite
player or whatever, like that's fine. If
you want to play for the money and have
a good life with the family, like
amazing, right? There's nothing wrong
with that, but spending time figuring

[2:25:16]
with that, but spending time figuring
out why you want it so bad and leaning
into that in big moments, I think, is is
just so hyper important. Um, yeah, it's
so hyper important. I think that that
that desire to really reach and to prove
myself, you know, as a live player, I

[2:25:30]
myself, you know, as a live player, I
was like, "Okay, these guys think I was
doing some shady stuff online. Like,
perfect. I'm going to go beat them for
every single dollar live. I don't care.
Put put a tournament anywhere in the
world. I I'll travel. I I don't mind,
you know?" And so I think that like that
desire and the chip was really what kind
of set me apart um from some guys that I

[2:25:47]
of set me apart um from some guys that I
felt like we were kind of maybe the same
level in 2021 and then you know four or
five years later I I feel like I just
surpassed pretty much all of them
everybody that I was the same level at
&gt;&gt; with that desire. Do you feel like it's

[2:26:01]
&gt;&gt; with that desire. Do you feel like it's
something you can fuel in terms of you
can create more of it or do you feel
like a lot of that desire is coming from
some sort of deep drive that's personal
to you for from your experience? Do you
feel like it's something that you can
cultivate more of easily or something

[2:26:15]
cultivate more of easily or something
that you got to kind of get more in tune
with your own drives?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think it's both, but I
think that you can definitely supplement
it. You know, I remember that I really
liked this YouTube video when I was a a
goalkeeper of like just like these
amazing saves and it was like to cool

[2:26:30]
amazing saves and it was like to cool
music and it sounds a little bit silly,
but like I just know that when I watched
that video, it made me want to go be an
amazing goalkeeper more. Like like
there's so much I I think that we we
overvalue our own intelligence in a lot
of ways. We're like we're pretty simple
creatures. Like Twitter is smarter than

[2:26:46]
creatures. Like Twitter is smarter than
my brain. Like it will stimulate me in
some ways and mostly negative. And so
like the stuff around us, everything
that occurs is big stimulus. And if you
want to stimulate motivation and growth,
you need to surround yourself with that.

[2:27:01]
you need to surround yourself with that.
You can't like like there's an old thing
that I think, you know, has been
happening in poker for forever, but like
if you're surrounding yourself with a
group of people that watch I've said
Chwick a bunch that it's any top player,
but if you're if you're in a group that
watches the hand that Chwick played and

[2:27:17]
watches the hand that Chwick played and
you're like, "Lol, he scorched it."
Like, get out of that group, right? that
you're surrounding yourself with these
people that like aren't doing it the
right way. Like if I see Chidwick and my
immediate thought is he scorched it.

[2:27:30]
immediate thought is he scorched it.
That's on you. That that's your own
supplement. He's an like these guys are
amazing players. Even if he did make a
huge mistake, the process needs to be
okay. Why did he do that? What did he
think would happen? Was it a true
mistake or was it try to trying to
adjust too hard? Like like what did that

[2:27:46]
adjust too hard? Like like what did that
happen and what does that mean about his
game? Does that mean that he has a leak
that I can exploit in similar spots or
is this something oneoff? Right? That
stimulus is completely different than
like, lol, what an idiot. Like he just
scorched a million dollars, right? And

[2:28:00]
scorched a million dollars, right? And
so I think that like your surroundings
and and stimulus that you're putting in
is just so incredibly important. Um and
having groups around you, people around
you that believe in you, that believe
you can do anything, uh that push you. I
think that all all those things are are
incredible stimulus to to push yourself

[2:28:16]
incredible stimulus to to push yourself
in a direction to have high belief.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think we need that, right?
We need some sort of pushes on us to to
do more, to be better, because there's
so many pulls in the wrong direction.
There's so much stimulus. There's so
much path resistance. We just grab your

[2:28:30]
much path resistance. We just grab your
phone and just be stimulated all day
long. It's really hard to go, right, I'm
going to sacrifice all these short-term
pleasures for the long-term vision of me
being a better version. If that's just
like your kind of thought, it's really
hard to just keep pushing through that
over and over. I think if you're in the

[2:28:45]
over and over. I think if you're in the
right environments, you have the right
people around you. One, it normalizes
it. It normalizes pushing through stuff
and doing hard stuff and being a lead
performer. And two, sometimes when
you're down and you're in the in the pit
sort of thing like Jason Little did with
you, John Little, sorry. H you you get
that kind of push when you you need it.

[2:29:00]
that kind of push when you you need it.
Someone to pick you up to say keep going
the course. We can do this. You're on
the right path. So I think it's your
environment is so important. for you.
How much of your environment did you
kind of consciously cultivate and how
much just like kind of happened
naturally? I say this because I feel
like some people are on the path like

[2:29:15]
like some people are on the path like
they think they have to have their
environment, the people around them all
figured out. But from my experience,
things often just come through naturally
being aligned with the path. Like if
you're all in on something like things
just start coming towards you whether
it's like attraction based or what
you're kind of carving a path and then
over time you pick up the right

[2:29:30]
over time you pick up the right
influences, the right people, the right
environmental influences. for you. How
much of your environments was shaped
through conscious decisions? I'm going
to have these people around me and how
much just flowed naturally?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say I would say almost all
of it flowed naturally. I mean, there

[2:29:45]
of it flowed naturally. I mean, there
was a couple a couple of times
throughout my career where I was like,
okay, like I would love to like speak
with that guy about poker a little bit,
you know, and there was some things that
might push me to to do something social
that I didn't want to do. And I' I think
I've pushed back about that because like

[2:30:00]
I've pushed back about that because like
there's a lot of negative that comes
that comes in like having weird motives.
Like I've never felt good about being
like, "Oh, a bunch of rich people are
going to this thing. Like maybe I'll
have good networking things. Let me go
to it." Like that's just a gross feeling
to me. I don't think it's beneficial. Um
whereas like every organic relationship
that that I found through poker kind of

[2:30:17]
that that I found through poker kind of
like what you're saying like has always
felt like it's a it's been a huge
benefit in my life. Um, I think that one
of the biggest things that that Jonathan
helped teach me early on that I kind of
brought brought through to to other
relationships is like just

[2:30:32]
relationships is like just
one surround yourself with people that
are better than you and try to provide
as much value as possible. And I think
that that second one is important and
kind of lost especially with with maybe
our generation that like like oh what
can he do for me? It's like what are you

[2:30:45]
can he do for me? It's like what are you
talking about? Like why does that
matter? Why does it matter what they can
do for you? It's all about like if you
can provide value because then that
there's this reciprocal nature. So I'
I've never I've never been one to be
like oh you know we're doing a money
trade like give me 1%. Or or whatever it

[2:31:01]
trade like give me 1%. Or or whatever it
was. It's like just do people favors do
do good by people try to provide as much
value you can in whatever way that that
looks like and then naturally everything
will just kind of like come back and and
people want to and people want to help

[2:31:15]
people want to and people want to help
people. People want to teach people.
people want to have, you know, good
moments in these things. So, like if
you're enjoyable to be around and and
you try to provide value, I think that
it's like very natural that um you will
cultivate a good positive environment.

[2:31:30]
cultivate a good positive environment.
&gt;&gt; Very well said. For you, what's your
definition of success and how has that
changed over the years?
&gt;&gt; The the word that came to mind was
longevity. Um, I I think that it's easy
when you're really growth oriented to

[2:31:46]
when you're really growth oriented to
reach near the top, but it but it's a
way different skill set to stay there
and to like keep going. And I think that
that's what I've struggled with the past
year or two. Um, really like like this
year, one of my mental battles is like,
okay, like like

[2:32:01]
okay, like like
how do I keep the motivation? Like why
am I doing this? What what's what's kind
of going on? like where like why I feel
like I'm studying a little bit less than
normal. Is that you know cuz I'm losing
motivation? Like am I getting worse? Are
people catching up on me? Like all these
types of things. I think that um yeah,

[2:32:18]
types of things. I think that um yeah,
my goal now is just longevity,
sustainability. I I want to be able to
continue my process in a more optimized
way such that I'm spending less time
than I had to early on because I'm a
stronger player. But can I continue to

[2:32:30]
stronger player. But can I continue to
improve and can I continue to push? Cuz
I still feel like I just haven't reached
where I want to reach. You know what I
mean? Like I still skip high stakes
events all the time. I go to Triton's
and everybody goes and plays the 150k
and I go and study and wait and and and
see if I can prepare for the main event,

[2:32:45]
see if I can prepare for the main event,
right? So I still feel like there's more
to go and if you know if I was if I
really felt I was the best player in the
world, I wouldn't skip events. But I I
don't reby as much as these guys. I I
don't uh fire as much of the high
stakes. I might stay at the wind and say
going to the Bahamas. Like like these

[2:33:00]
going to the Bahamas. Like like these
are things that kind of tear at me. You
know what I mean? That that like hurts
me. Um and it means that I have like
further to go. And so like that's that's
kind of the motivation that I want is
like just keep going and c can I have
can I have longevity?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think this is a very interesting
topic as well in terms of what it takes

[2:33:16]
topic as well in terms of what it takes
to get to the top and then what it takes
to stay at the top. You look at sports,
you look at things like boxing is a
really good example. It's very hard to
stay as the champion because you got all
the kind of hunger and drive to get to
the champion. Then once you're there,
everyone wants to battle for your spot.
You've got all these hungry young people

[2:33:30]
You've got all these hungry young people
who want to knock you off and it's only
a small set of people who kind of the
goats of their kind of generation who
are able to stay at the top for long and
you realize very quickly like longevity
is probably the hardest thing. Like
getting to the top is one thing.
There'll be lots of people who get to
the top, but there's only a very few who
stay at the top. So yeah, I want to kind

[2:33:46]
stay at the top. So yeah, I want to kind
of lean into this a little bit in terms
of what is the kind of key factors for
you for longevity. So you mentioned
something to prove. I think it's always
good like if you've still got things to
achieve, things to prove, then you keep
that kind of hunger. But for you, what
have been some of the transitions you've

[2:34:00]
have been some of the transitions you've
had to make from getting to the top and
now trying to stay there long term?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think just like checking my
checking myself in different ways. Like
comfort is such a killer, you know, you
know what I mean? Like when you have

[2:34:15]
know what I mean? Like when you have
success like, you know, I have a I'm so
lucky and grateful that I have like an
amazing life. it doesn't matter how
poker goes that, you know, I'm still
going to have an amazing life and full
of friends and and uh like plenty of
like resources and freedom and these
things. And so, like, I think that I

[2:34:31]
things. And so, like, I think that I
have to be very careful. And what I've
had to try to push back on is that
comfort. What can I do to push back on
this comfort? Because, man, is it easier
to lay in bed a little bit longer when
you've had some more success than you
had when you were super hungry, right?

[2:34:45]
had when you were super hungry, right?
That hunger is like it's so easy for
comfort to kill that. And so I think
that for me like what I have to push
back on is my selft talk and my and my
small habits that I do things that are
still uncomfortable. Just because I used

[2:35:00]
still uncomfortable. Just because I used
to take cold showers doesn't mean I'm
some hard ass like like I hurt my I hurt
my trap the other day and it was really
uncomfortable and I was having a hard
time sitting and moving it at all and it
feels better today. But my brother was
like you know it's funny like David
Gogggins would just go see how many

[2:35:15]
Gogggins would just go see how many
pull-ups he can do. You know what I
mean? like he would tear his trap and be
like, "I think I can still do a
hundred." You know what I mean? Like
like he would just go and do something
really hard. And I think that like when
you're comfortable, it's like, "Oh, well
my my girlfriend's going to take care of
me and patch me up and like give me ice
and cook dinner and like I'll watch a

[2:35:31]
and cook dinner and like I'll watch a
movie and life's pretty good and it's
hurting so I don't want to study as
hard." Like comfort is just a killer. So
I think that I have to uh just keep
fighting against that.
&gt;&gt; See, I think what you said there was so
true in terms of comfort kills hunger. I
think it's something that we all need to

[2:35:45]
think it's something that we all need to
kind of consciously push back on. It
feels like comfort wins by default. So
if we're not conscious, we're not
thinking about how to do hard stuff,
we're going to uh over time lose our
hunger, lose our drive, lose our kind of
ability to perform our best. So yeah, I
think this conversation's covered that

[2:36:00]
think this conversation's covered that
from many angles, but yeah, I really
like that comfort kills hunger was a
really good tagline I'll I'll take away
there. So what do you wish you knew
about poker when you first started out?
Obviously getting into poker, it's quite
like glamorous in terms of what you feel
like it could be and then life hits you

[2:36:15]
like it could be and then life hits you
or poker hits you with reality. What is
something that you wish you knew when
you started?
&gt;&gt; I would say that
I would say it's it's hard because I I
feel like I'm I'm I'm so happy with with

[2:36:30]
feel like I'm I'm I'm so happy with with
what I knew and what I know now. You
know what I mean? Like like the journey
of that all. But I guess that
you know just how important like the
present moment is. I think that early on
it's so easy to have these like ideas of
grandeur of the future or or like the
way that you look back on the past. It's

[2:36:45]
way that you look back on the past. It's
like, you know, guys that played a high
level of soccer at 22 sometimes live in
those moments the rest of their life.
Like they're 40 years old and they're
just like reminiscing on how it was when
they were 22. And now I think that I
realize that just like every year gets

[2:37:00]
realize that just like every year gets
better. Um, I I I love I love all the
all the different present moments and
that, you know, worrying about the
future, thinking about the past, like
that's that stuff just it will never
bring you joy um in my mind. So, I think
that I wish I knew that more early on in

[2:37:17]
that I wish I knew that more early on in
my journey to be present and enjoy every
chapter because living by myself and
grinding 200 now was I look back on it
with a bunch of joy, you know? So, I
think I think that that's that's
something I kind of wish I had more

[2:37:30]
something I kind of wish I had more
maturity on early on.
&gt;&gt; What's the hardest thing about being a
professional poker player for you?
&gt;&gt; The hardest thing
I guess like
I guess the things in in life that that
you miss, you know, you don't get to

[2:37:46]
you miss, you know, you don't get to
work a 9 toive job where if there's a
birthday party you want to go to, it's
on, you know, it's on Saturday and you
get to make it. your schedule is a bit
uh more sporadic and I feel like I've
it's it's definitely taken away time

[2:38:00]
it's it's definitely taken away time
with with family and friends and and
loved ones and whatnot. So, um yeah, I
think that's probably been the hardest
is is just like the isolation, the
loneliness of of the time when you're
traveling by yourself. Uh and the kind
of things that you have to miss.

[2:38:16]
of things that you have to miss.
&gt;&gt; What's the nicest thing about being a
poker player for you? What do you feel
like is the thing that really makes you
feel I'm so lucky to be a poker player?
Um,
I'm going to give you a little bit of a
funny answer, I think, but it is it's

[2:38:30]
funny answer, I think, but it is it's
the standard. Um, like my brother's a
doctor and he went to school for
undergraduate and then he's whatever, 22
and then you go to medical school and
then he's 26 and then you go to
residency and then you have fellowship

[2:38:45]
residency and then you have fellowship
or whatever else you have and like you
have to spend 12 years of working like a
animal to like become a doctor, right?
And and like my favorite thing about
poker is that like the bar just isn't
that high. Like you have to dedicate an
entire lifetime to becoming one of the

[2:39:00]
entire lifetime to becoming one of the
best soccer players in the world. But I
really do believe that like if you work
hard and you dedicate
5 years, 10 years to to poker, like you
can do pretty incredible things in the
industry. And what that also means that
the ceiling is lower, right? If you're

[2:39:15]
the ceiling is lower, right? If you're
the best soccer player in the world,
you're you know it's a different
lifestyle than than poker players. But I
think that yeah, my favorite thing is
that um yeah, the bar is just not that
high. You you can you can grind hard and
you can achieve a lot of amazing things
um through through hard work and

[2:39:31]
um through through hard work and
dedication in a much faster time than
really almost any career?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you feel with that the ceiling
is somewhat limited in poker? Do you
feel like there is a ceiling that can be
reached that's maybe not as advanced?

[2:39:45]
reached that's maybe not as advanced?
I'm seeing that from the context of
let's say sports where like maybe like
chess where you to get a grandmaster
level you might need 10 years of
ridiculous dedication to get to that
level. Do you feel like in poker it's
it's not as hard to get to to the top or
do you feel like the ceiling we're just

[2:40:00]
do you feel like the ceiling we're just
so far off as poker players it's still
so new it's still the ceiling is just
just miles away.
&gt;&gt; I think the first one um but like in
chess I'm not even sure if an adult can
become a grandmaster. You know what I
Like I almost think like maybe there's

[2:40:15]
Like I almost think like maybe there's
somebody out there but for the most part
grand masters start when they're 5 years
old and they become amazing chess
players right in poker obviously because
you're gambling like you start much
later in life and so I think that be
it's not like soccer but tennis whatever
like you're playing as a 5-year-old. I

[2:40:30]
like you're playing as a 5-year-old. I
mean if a bunch of 5-year-olds are
playing poker they would be the best in
the world in 20 years like if there's a
culture of that. Um, and so I think that
like the standard isn't that high. The
guys that have been at the top for the
last 10, 15 years, like there's a lot of

[2:40:45]
last 10, 15 years, like there's a lot of
comfort in in in what those guys have
been able to achieve. And the I don't
think that the level of play is is um
exceptionally high in the industry.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I was just imagine a little
culture of 5-year-old poker players,

[2:41:00]
culture of 5-year-old poker players,
little poker school. Very quite
interesting because as you mentioned in
chess, pretty common, right? Like you me
you hear every chess story starts with a
young prodigy who's playing ridiculous
amounts of five. You don't really hear
the the 5-year-old poker prodigy. So
maybe maybe they're in training right
now. Maybe we'll meet them when they're

[2:41:15]
now. Maybe we'll meet them when they're
15 20 years old. But yeah, I know what
you're saying as well. There's an
element of learning when you're young
where you can kind of almost like build
in so many ways of thinking that might
be harder to get when you're an adult
especially for certain things. So yeah,
very interesting to to think like
there's the bar is not that high because

[2:41:30]
there's the bar is not that high because
I think a lot of people listening
watching will feel like the bar is high
especially with solvers and we we kind
of get told that poker is like this kind
of unbeatable game over time and it's
getting harder and harder but then you
hear people like you speak and you're
like no this is like it's still it's
easier than ever not easier than ever
but it's the scene is still very low and
anyone who's coming in now can still get

[2:41:46]
anyone who's coming in now can still get
the top. So let's say there's a talented
player listening. He's early in his
career and he's super ambitious. He's
got that desire Uheads. He's willing to
go into war mode. How long do you think
with the right guidance? Obviously a lot
of factors that would have to go his
way. How long do you feel like it could

[2:42:00]
way. How long do you feel like it could
take him to uh to get to the top of the
highest stakes?
&gt;&gt; He's already good. He's good, but he's
playing low stakes. Hasn't got much of a
bankroll. He's got all the raw
ingredients, but he hasn't proven it to
himself fully, and he hasn't got the the
results.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, the 3 to seven years is is

[2:42:16]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, the 3 to seven years is is
my is my guess. Um, and I think that the
people for the the the bar being high,
like the best players are still amazing.
I I don't want to take away from a lot
of like the just the best in the world,
right? But if just just like go watch

[2:42:31]
right? But if just just like go watch
it, it's right in Final Table. Go watch
10 of them. Run every single hand. Look
through and think deeply about every
single hand. The game's hard. The game
is is a very difficult game. It's not
easy to execute at a high level under
pressure. And I think that um the guys

[2:42:45]
pressure. And I think that um the guys
that are doing that have been doing that
for 10 years. And there's a reason,
right? Because there's certain guys that
have kind of figured that stuff out. And
so I think that in that in that regard,
like being a winner in a in a live 5K
just isn't that tough. You know, you can
if you're already a good player, like

[2:43:01]
if you're already a good player, like
you can do that in a year, right? If a
year with guidance and and you know, the
desire to want to go do well in it, like
a 3 to 5k BI is just it's just extremely
beatable.
going forward, present day, what are

[2:43:16]
going forward, present day, what are
some of your goals? What are some things
you still want to achieve? You mentioned
you still feel like you need to prove
yourself. What what areas you feel like
you would need to have success to to
validate that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's tough. Um,
what comes to my mind doesn't make me

[2:43:30]
what comes to my mind doesn't make me
that happy, honestly. Like what what
comes to my mind is that I need to win
everything. Like I I need to win I have
a second, third, and fourth in Triton. I
don't have a Triton trophy. Um, I don't
have a live WSP bracelet. I don't have
an EP title. I mean, I have a I have a

[2:43:45]
an EP title. I mean, I have a I have a
star a poker stars title, but not like a
a main event or 10K high roller. Um, now
I know that that's not the healthiest
thing. And so, I need to I need to to
work through that stuff because like
what success is from here, I I'm not
sure. But the the way that my brain
feels is that success is winning

[2:44:01]
feels is that success is winning
everything. It's going to every stop and
and uh and winning. Learning PLO,
beating PLO, learning mix, beating mix,
like like I just want to beat
everything. I think I can do it. And and
uh I know it's not the healthiest of the
current moment, but I think that um I

[2:44:17]
current moment, but I think that um I
I'll figure that out as I go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think sometimes we can kind
of tie too many things together. I feel
like sport, poker, they're often not
going to lead to fulfillment. Like that
kind of nice satisfied feeling. There's

[2:44:30]
kind of nice satisfied feeling. There's
always a hunger for more. there's always
a I'm not quite good enough. I need to
do more. I need to compete. I need to
get better. Which for some people might
lead to a unhealthy state of mind. But I
think for yourself like you've obviously
leaned into this a lot. You realize like
there's so much goodness that comes from
that just wanting to be better, want to

[2:44:46]
that just wanting to be better, want to
do more, wanting to achieve more. At
some point, maybe you're 60, 70 years
old, you look back on your career and
you'll you'll be able to chill a bit
more, spend more time with your family
and be more relaxed. But I feel like
when you're in that season of wanting to
be the best to to prove yourself, the
desire is high. like just really

[2:45:01]
desire is high. like just really
maximizing that chapter. I think there's
only good things that will come from
when you look back on it in the future
and yeah, you'll definitely not regret
that you went all in on something that
you give it your all. So yeah, I think
it's one of those things if you think
short-term happiness then yeah, maybe it
wouldn't be the fully aligned though

[2:45:15]
wouldn't be the fully aligned though
this kind of argument could I think it's
a good thing to uh just be in the moment
of doing what you're doing and yeah,
just know like the pieces later later on
when you look back will most likely
align to a a nice narrative or your mind
can create a nice nice narrative around
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and even the
winning like like one thing that I just

[2:45:30]
winning like like one thing that I just
I just kind of thought about when you
were saying that is that the trophies
matter to me, right? Like they just do.
I lied to myself for a long time saying
like doesn't matter. Like I'm going to
print my win rate and whatever, but like
they do matter. I do want to have um you
know success at at a very high level. Um
but also wins like I'm not in the best

[2:45:47]
but also wins like I'm not in the best
shape of my life. I really don't want my
physical health to have been in the best
shape when I was a kid at 20 years old,
right? So, like that's something that I
can find wins in that that I want to
find wins in. I want to start a family
and and find wins there, right? Be be a

[2:46:01]
and and find wins there, right? Be be a
good father and find wins in that. So, I
think that like the winning is just like
it doesn't necessarily need to be always
trophies, but it but it needs to contain
some trophies, I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's good to be honest
with yourself around that, right?
Because the trophy is it signifies

[2:46:16]
Because the trophy is it signifies
everything you've worked towards. I
think often a poker, especially Rene,
you'll relate to this being a Kashkin
player. You want the trophy. You want
that kind of metal around your neck.
Like I look at like Olympic athletes. I
look at Mr. Olympia has just been on and
they get like the pinnacle of you've
done it. You've climbed the mountain.

[2:46:30]
done it. You've climbed the mountain.
There's the trophy. There's the title.
There's some sort of closure in that of
knowing one what you're trying to
achieve and if you can achieve it, job
done. Where pocket doesn't necessarily
have that. Obviously now with the Triton
and bracelets, there's elements of that.
And I think when you're working so hard
at something and you have some sort of

[2:46:45]
at something and you have some sort of
validation externally that yes, the work
I've done, all the belief I had in
myself got me this. And also, you know,
when you look back on your career, you
can see tell the stories around you got
this bracelet, this trophy. There's
something like nice. It's almost like
wrapping a nice bow around it, like a
nice cherry on top of the cake. It

[2:47:00]
nice cherry on top of the cake. It
doesn't need to be there, but it's
something that would leave a nice
feeling. And I think it's good to uh
acknowledge that's a real thing. And
yeah, just be be good with that and just
uh to to search for those as well
because it will create that hunger and
desire.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I think it's it's
funny because like when my mind switched

[2:47:15]
funny because like when my mind switched
I was like, "Okay, so I don't care about
winning titles." So like I'm dedicating
my life to this. Like what the [ __ ] do
you mean if I just like give fifth and
seventh the bunch? Like I'm just like,
"Oh, I I tried my hardest. Like
congrats." Like absolutely not. Like
that's awful. I'm I'm choosing to

[2:47:30]
that's awful. I'm I'm choosing to
dedicate my so much of my life to being
the best tour player I can be right now.
You know, the best poker player I can
be. like trophies are the are the
accolade that that do you know represent
that and it doesn't mean that like I was
the best player in that tournament but

[2:47:46]
the best player in that tournament but
by bringing my best over and over in the
long term it's just going to lead to
trophies right and if it doesn't then
something's wrong
&gt;&gt; yeah I think it ties into what we talked
about earlier in terms of giving your
all to the short term giving your all to
try and win to try and be the best and

[2:48:00]
try and win to try and be the best and
then at the end just go n doesn't really
matter so I think like if you don't get
the trophies like in years in the future
once you've kind of finished that
chapter you look back and go actually
the trophies weren't as important as I
thought they were but in that moment
they were life or death and I needed
those trophies and I wanted them. I

[2:48:15]
those trophies and I wanted them. I
think that's kind of paradox is what we
need to to balance with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well said. Totally agree.
&gt;&gt; So how do you see the future of poker
and how do you see yourself in it?
What's changing at the moment and how do
you see yourself evolving with it?
&gt;&gt; Um the high stakes are are moving

[2:48:31]
&gt;&gt; Um the high stakes are are moving
outside of America I would say for the
most part.
So, that's going to be a little bit
interesting to see how that is affected.
Um, and then America, I think that
beating the like 2K to 10K price point

[2:48:46]
beating the like 2K to 10K price point
is is a really good focus. 1K to 10K
price point, like there's still a ton of
value in that and I still find a lot of
joy in navigating big fields and things
like that. Obviously, there's some good
25ks in America, but I think that in

[2:49:00]
25ks in America, but I think that in
general,
as Americans, we might just be playing a
much lower ABI in the States, and then
you you go to Macau or maybe Dubai in
the future or JJU and and that's kind of
where the super high roller action just
is. I think it's it's really tough to

[2:49:15]
is. I think it's it's really tough to
run eight really good 100ks a year. Um,
and I think that it seems like we're
kind of moving into a direction where
the best 100ks are just going to be at
Triton. uh wherever they decide to to
run. And so we might end up, you know,

[2:49:30]
run. And so we might end up, you know,
yeah, just playing smaller in America,
playing huge outside of America and then
um you know, really focusing on
optimizing that travel life and and
trying to play my best. Maybe go spend a
month in Asia if there's two stops in a
row. Like maybe I go play an AP or or I

[2:49:45]
row. Like maybe I go play an AP or or I
mean there's just so much growth that
that's happening in different parts of
the world and as laws and taxes and
things change like just have to adapt
adapt accordingly.
Does that create a big challenge for
American players? Let's say you're
playing a lot smaller in America, then
you to jump into these massive Trident

[2:50:01]
you to jump into these massive Trident
stops. Is that kind of big jump going to
create Yeah. kind of challenge in terms
of going from a smaller stake to a
bigger stake? And how do you yourself
may not not fall for this category, but
how do you see players, American players
in particular, having to juggle that?

[2:50:15]
in particular, having to juggle that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a really difficult
thing. I mean, we felt that when online
poker was much smaller in America,
right? Like
I feel a little bit empty that I'm not
battling some of the these really good
online players anymore. Like I played
them at 400 ABI in 2020 or whatever. I I

[2:50:31]
them at 400 ABI in 2020 or whatever. I I
went and lived in Mexico. Um but I
wasn't ever like playing high stakes
online. I was playing high stakes US
online, right? Like I was playing the
biggest stuff in the US. Um and so not
having that I think does make a
difference. But skill sets just start to

[2:50:47]
difference. But skill sets just start to
shift and that's where I think that like
it kind of gets it kind of comes back
where I think the best online players
right now are spending a lot of time on
PKOs's. They're spending a lot of time
on bounties. Like ICM with small anties

[2:51:00]
on bounties. Like ICM with small anties
is just so much different than big blind
Annie. When you play three-handed with a
big blind Annie that the game is
completely different. And so I think
that like the way that I feel is that
maybe the American guys might just be
sharper live because I'm not focused on
PKO's. I'm probably pretty poor at

[2:51:15]
PKO's. I'm probably pretty poor at
PKO's. Like I feel comfortable playing
them in America in a $600 tournament or
whatever, but um I'm not playing like
5kg PKO. And so I think that yeah, part
of that like claws at me a little bit in
herds. Um but it also allows me to and
other American players to just focus

[2:51:31]
other American players to just focus
more on on those actual tournaments.
Like playing online PK just really
doesn't help you for Triton that much.
if I watch every single hand that's ever
been streamed on Triton and take notes,
that's probably way better for for me,
right? Um, so yeah, that's kind of kind

[2:51:45]
right? Um, so yeah, that's kind of kind
of how I feel about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe it allows you to prepare for
those Triton stops as well a bit more
because they're going to be a big part
of your year. Obviously, the hard
challenges that a lot of your kind of
results for the whole year will ride on
your results of the Triton. So, finding
mental ways to be okay with that.

[2:52:00]
mental ways to be okay with that.
Obviously, you'll see a lot of action,
but in terms of how your year goes,
there'll be a big big swing with those
stops, which will be a a thing to
navigate. Yeah, like like you said as
well, the the the opportunity to just
specialize in your specific format
rather than getting too caught up in
other games. Sounds like it could be a a

[2:52:16]
other games. Sounds like it could be a a
benefit there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Business side. Yeah. Sorry, just
to add like the business side you're
talking about is also just extremely
important. I think that like I I work
with some online players um and like
that that is hyper important. It you
need to control your ABI. Like I I don't

[2:52:31]
need to control your ABI. Like I I don't
have $40 million to be like oh whatever
100k like fire, right? So, I think
controlling your ABI and controlling
your expectations kind of like you're
saying so that this week of tournaments
doesn't feel like it actually makes up
like it is, you're right, it's easy.

[2:52:45]
like it is, you're right, it's easy.
It's easy for it to feel like it is so
important in these 10 days because
you're putting in a million in buyins um
or whatever 600k in buyins. But I think
that like leveling out your ABI, sorting
out your business stuff properly such
that you still have good upside, you're
still taking proper risk, um, but you're

[2:53:03]
still taking proper risk, um, but you're
you're not putting too much emphasis on
only the 400ks you play a year because
like you need to be focusing more on
investing in your highest win rate
spots.

[2:53:15]
spots.
And if you aren't being able to have all
of yourself or like like if if you don't
have a situation with proper upside in
the 10k in America after playing Triton,
something's wrong with with your
incentives.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I bet that's quite a tricky kind
of balance to get right. I feel like

[2:53:30]
of balance to get right. I feel like
from a performance avenue, it's got to
feel like the Olympics. It's got to feel
like that war mode going for the got to
take down the titles. But on a financial
side, you should try and find a way to
balance that so it doesn't feel like it
swings your whole year in crazy crazy
ways. Yeah. Yeah, as you mentioned, I
think the this the hard bit is after a

[2:53:46]
think the this the hard bit is after a
try and stop, can you get back to your
normal grind? Can you just grind out? If
you can't, you've probably you probably
Yeah, it's probably too big of a jump or
you you haven't kind of balanced things
correctly.
&gt;&gt; For sure. For sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right, we had a great conversation.
We're just about to hit the three-hour
mark for you. What would you like the

[2:54:01]
mark for you. What would you like the
main takeaway to be for our audience
listening?
H
&gt;&gt; I would say that you know just just just
that like belief in in hunger I think is
like the the biggest takeaway from the
mindset side. Like I I really do believe

[2:54:17]
mindset side. Like I I really do believe
I I know there's variance. I know
there's a luck. I know these things are
of course true. But every time you have
a piece of you that wants to be like oh
that guy had a successful business
because he got lucky or that guy's a
good poker player because he ran a hot
in the Baham like whatever. Like I think

[2:54:30]
in the Baham like whatever. Like I think
that every time that comes hone it back
in and just focus on focus on yourself.
focus on your belief. Um, win every
single day at something and you're just
going to be able to achieve things that
that um, other people don't think are
possible for themselves.

[2:54:45]
possible for themselves.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. Such a great conversation.
Thank you for your time, Justin. Really
appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much for having me, guys. I
appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; What a great conversation that was.
Thank you, Justin, Adam. Main takeaways
of our conversation today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there was so many there that I
could dive into. The way the

[2:55:01]
could dive into. The way the
conversation started around war modes,
killer instincts, that elite performer
mindset was really fascinating to me.
And Justin took us on a deep dive into
what it really means to bring out your
best. And I think that that people
underestimate what it takes to be a high

[2:55:15]
underestimate what it takes to be a high
performer in elite environments. And for
Justin, it was all about this kind of
single focused going to war. I'm not
there to make friends. If I go to
livestock, I want my room. I want the
casino. I want to play, grind, study.
Nothing else. and switching into this
kind of mindset which obviously he

[2:55:30]
kind of mindset which obviously he
doesn't function there all the time but
there's certain times that you want to
be able to flip that switch. He
mentioned that killer instinct which I
think is so so important where you've
got to want to win. You got to want to
do your best and to be able to tap into
that. So yeah, I think Justin really
shared how he's able to uh have that

[2:55:45]
shared how he's able to uh have that
mindset of just being a high performer
and yeah hopefully people listening can
relate to themselves what their kind of
own version of war mode would look like
and which times of year they want to
want to turn it on. Next thing was about
desire and belief. You kind of paired
these well throughout the conversation.
Desire to want to be the best, that

[2:56:01]
Desire to want to be the best, that
hunger to want to strive and be a high
performer. And then that belief you
mentioned kind of fake it till you make
it. But like believing that he could be
the best. And even when he didn't quite
have enough evidence to back that up,
every single day he just tried to do
stuff that showed that he's on the right

[2:56:16]
stuff that showed that he's on the right
track. And he just knew over time if he
keeps getting better, keeps improving
that he can get to where he needs to and
get those long-term goals. which kind of
ties in with another concept that came
up which was win the day, win each day
and get 1% better. So when you have that
belief like kind of fake it till you

[2:56:30]
belief like kind of fake it till you
make it mindset of I want to get better
and each day you're trying to win your
days and get 1% better than you were to
learn to improve over time like that
belief is backed up by evidence. It's
getting like a kind of a stack of
evidence that you are on track, that you
are becoming who you need to. I think

[2:56:45]
are becoming who you need to. I think
Justin's story really showed us like how
that looks practically in terms of
having the belief, having the desire,
but also how to show up. I think
sometimes we can over complicate or get
too uh fixated on the big goals when in
reality like there's a moment in front
of you can you win it there's for Justin

[2:57:00]
of you can you win it there's for Justin
his alarm goes off or his feet on the
floor in 10 seconds like sometimes it
just comes back to that moment win it
and yeah stack that kind of evidence
with yourself which kind of ties in with
the the last concept I wrote down which
was comfort kills hunger and we talked
about like kind of doing hard things

[2:57:16]
about like kind of doing hard things
stepping out your comfort zone and
honestly this has got to be front of
everyone's mind because we default to
comfort. We default to the easy options
and it's so easy to be weak, fragile,
not able to do hard things as you get
older because we gravitate to more more
more comfort. So, you've got to find

[2:57:31]
more comfort. So, you've got to find
ways to literally seek discomfort, to
seek challenges, to seek things that
feel uncomfortable on an almost daily
basis. Doesn't have to be like running a
marathon or something crazy. It can just
be something hard today. I did something
hard today that challenged me and just

[2:57:45]
hard today that challenged me and just
really really lean into that. And he
taught for himself that environment was
really important for that as well. been
around high performers, around elite
people helps him to push harder. But
yeah, I do feel like a a recurring theme
was doing hard things and yeah, kind of
stepping into discomfort. I think it's a

[2:58:00]
stepping into discomfort. I think it's a
real reminder to to everyone listening.
How about yourself Rene? What were the
main takeways for you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, actually to add on that as well, I
think he was talking about taking like
lower buying serious like the raising of
the necessity and setting bigger goals.
I think he he mentioned multiple times

[2:58:15]
I think he he mentioned multiple times
taking all the money, right? He was kind
of frustrated with himself like why am I
not crushing these things harder?
There's so much out there, right? And
it's really easy like you said to get
complacent and to just hop in like yeah
I'm a winner. This few is soft blah blah
blah and then you're not bringing like
your a+ game, right? So raising that

[2:58:31]
your a+ game, right? So raising that
necessity by setting bigger goals. I
think that was also a good one. One
thing that I actually also noted down
where he talked about um down down
swings and losing less in those. I think
this is a nice perspective switch that I
actually al also often teach my student

[2:58:45]
actually al also often teach my student
to say in the every every kind of stage
you're at at poker offers their
opportunities. You know, if you're an
upswing, your opportunity is to
capitalize on that. When you're in a
downswing, the opportunity is to get to
know more about yourself, how you how
your C game looks, you know, uh what

[2:59:00]
your C game looks, you know, uh what
what kind of things tilt you, but also
the opportunity is can I lose less than
my peers, right? Because if we zoom out,
something that Justin loved to do,
right? We heard that many times as well.
If we zoom out and we look at five
years, yeah, if you are able to play
less worse, right, and lose less than

[2:59:17]
less worse, right, and lose less than
your peers on down swings, that's going
to add to you being a more successful p
poker player over time. Something that
they also mentioned at the end that I
think is really important to point out,
I think you guys talked about chess and
how the bar is actually quite low for

[2:59:31]
how the bar is actually quite low for
poker compared to like other fields. He
I think gave his brothers example had to
study 12 years to become a doctor. I
think actually the same in chess man to
become like a chess master all the time
and effort you have to put into it. If
you then look at the reward like how
many if you look on average how many

[2:59:46]
many if you look on average how many
people make a good living out of chess.
I think it's way easier in poker. Like
we often complain about poker variants
uh but poker is very controllable. I
think it's actually very fair for the
most part. You really get what you put
in. Now obviously you know there's some

[3:00:00]
in. Now obviously you know there's some
people watching that are you know that
have gotten a little bit unlucky here
and there and it's easy easy for you to
say uh [snorts] but even like with the
luck you know it's like can you can you
uh push through streaks of bad luck
right again it's like the like like the

[3:00:15]
right again it's like the like like the
perspective instead of seeing it as like
a way out or a reason to quit seeing it
as something like a challenge that you
have to go through. Uh in terms of
technical stuff, I wrote down a bunch of
stuff as well. Some things that I can
point out uh one eye opening thing for
him that he said, "Huh, if people uh uh

[3:00:32]
him that he said, "Huh, if people uh uh
bluff 1% to less, we should just never
bluff catch. It isn't that we should
just bluff catch 10% less." I think that
was like a big eye opener uh for him. We
talked a lot about the importance of
understanding the why and with with

[3:00:46]
understanding the why and with with
solvers like breaking things down to
really understand that. So we are able
to brain solve in game right instead of
trying to memorize. And the reason why
people like simplified strategies is
because it's easier to memorize.
Obviously if you approach poke from a

[3:01:00]
Obviously if you approach poke from a
memorization perspective yes you need to
keep things simple but that he was like
completely against that and he was more
about uh embracing the complexity but
also for him it's not complex because he
understands the mechanics of the game
right and the only way we can do that is

[3:01:15]
right and the only way we can do that is
to play around with the solver. And
that's kind of what he talked about. He
added a new error, right? I always
thought there was pre-solver and post
solver. And he said, now pre-solver,
post solver, post or pre-ublic solver,
right? Because public solver made people
even lazier, right? You don't have to

[3:01:30]
even lazier, right? You don't have to
set stuff up anymore. And that kind of
ties back to like if you don't use it,
you lose it. Uh so it's the same I think
I gave the idea with like bluff
catching. Yeah, just looking up in a
solver, you don't learn anything. But if
you're actually going to break down the
ranges and see, oh, does he actually
have enough combos? How often should it

[3:01:46]
have enough combos? How often should it
have been right? What's the odds? And I
think he gave the example as well,
right? Actually making the ranges
yourself. That's actually the process
where you learn about poker, not just
checking a hand uh into a solver. And
last but not least, I wrote down u I
think he gave me some tips if I would

[3:02:01]
think he gave me some tips if I would
want to crush Triton and in general,
right, if you want to do well in MTTS,
uh ICM specifically because it was a
smaller fields. I think he also
mentioned it what is like a strategic
adjustment you made when you start to
play smaller fields. ICM was uh really

[3:02:16]
play smaller fields. ICM was uh really
important and he said getting reads on
on VIPs right in general it's very easy
to always focus on okay let's study the
best players because you know they're
maybe annoying to play against but
especially if you have frequent VIPs

[3:02:31]
especially if you have frequent VIPs
those are the guys you should put most
of your time or like semi fish because
there your return of investment is way
higher and if especially if they return
quite often that's where you can pick up
a lot of information that can make you a
lot of money so yeah I mean we could
actually go on I wrote on so many
things, but this was kind of uh the main

[3:02:47]
things, but this was kind of uh the main
things that stood out to us. I want to
thank you uh thank our audience for uh
for watching all the way until the end.
Want to thank Adam for co-hosting this
podcast with me. I want to thank Justin
again for coming on, sharing all his
wisdom. Shout out to our sponsors GTO

[3:03:01]
wisdom. Shout out to our sponsors GTO
Wizard Coin Poker. Go check them out.
Remember, if you want to learn about the
mechanics, as Justin pointed out, it's
very important. Mechanics of Poker. If
you want to work with me and Adam, check
out the link below,
mechanicsofpoker.com, and apply to our
coaching program.