[00:00]
﻿It's 2, 000, maybe 2, 500. You can put it on
a pedestal or you can Mount it to a wall. It's
about the size of a large mailbox and it just
looks like this. It's just, it's got like this
glass display with five bottles of cologne or
perfume. And then there's a little tube going
into each bottle and then there's a credit card
reader and five buttons underneath each one.
You swipe your card for a dollar and you put your
hand up to it or your neck or whatever, and you'd
pay a dollar to get one spray of perfume. And
it's, so it's like 90 plus percent margins.
Welcome to the Kerner office. We have another
hold co bros episode for you today where Nick and
I talk business ideas. We had five business ideas
this time. I think we, one was an app idea. We had
two different podcast ideas. We had an idea to do
an inbound, Call center based on a specific niche.
And then we had a couple of unique vending machine
ideas followed by the content idea, kind of like

[01:03]
diners, drive ins and dives, but better.
So hope you enjoy, hope you have fun, please like,
and subscribe and we'll see you next time.
All right. So this is just kind of a kitschy
little. App idea. You know, I went on the, I
went on a camp out with our, my church group
about a month ago, we went to middle of nowhere,
Missouri, beautiful, but very, very rural.
Okay. And we went zip lining, yada, yada,
yada. And then afterwards, it's like, Hey,
we're going to go get ice cream at this random
place. And there was this random gas station.
I don't remember what it was called. Random.
It was very run down and there were no signs
for ice cream out front, but they were
known for having these massive, stop me,
stop me, massive ice cream cones, soft serve,
where the baby size was like 10 inches.
The small size was like 16 and then large was
like, it was like three pounds of ice cream on

[02:05]
a cone. Okay. Did they advertise that it was 10
inches, but it was actually like six. I'm going
to power through that. So there's no signage out
front. It's just like a gas station and country
store. There's nothing about ice cream out front,
but when you walk in and then off to the left,
they have a little, you know, it's just soft serve
machines and pictures of the ice cream cones.
So you know what size you're getting
and it is huge. And they were as big
as advertised. Okay. And so that's what this
place was known for. And I don't remember,
let me actually find it one sec. What did you
search for? About these large ice cream cones,
gas station, Arkansas. Okay. So this is, there's
some people who are AI prompt engineers.
You are a Google prompt engineer, my friend.
I am. I am. So this place is like an hour from

[03:02]
Bentonville, Arkansas, right near the border of
Missouri in a city called. Geez. Garfield,
Garfield, Arkansas. Okay. And the gas station is
called shortstop Canoco. Okay. So if you go look
this up shortstop Canoco 4. 2 stars, 1400 reviews,
and you can see the picture of a shortstop general
store. Okay. Jewelry, leather, yada, yada, yada.
And so my point is, you don't know this place
sells ice cream, but like ever, all the locals
were like, you should go to shortstop.
You should go shortstop. Okay. So we went in and
it was delicious. Ice cream is really good. And
it's like, if you go to a random part of the
world or country, you want to get what that
place is known for. Right. You don't just
want to go to McDonald's. You want to go to
something unique, but how do you find that?
You can't go to Google Maps. You can't go to Yelp.
Okay. So I think someone should build an app,
like an app app, an iPhone app called known

[04:01]
for. Okay. And you tediously scrape. I don't, you
could use AI to do it. You could use, you could,
you know, You could literally use AI to scrape
all the reviews for the most common words.
Like who knows? Wow. We found a gas station
in rural Arkansas where all the reviews are
talking about ice cream. Hmm. There's something
there. We're going to put that on the app and
it's like a Google maps or Yelp, but for things
that these plates, maybe it's New York city,
maybe it's Garfield, Arkansas.
Known for, that's what it's called. What
do you think? That's a good idea. What was, what
was the original company that Sam par launched?
I don't know. I want to say it was something
similar to this, where it was like New York
city specific acts. It was like a roommate
matching service. That's what it was.
That's what it was. Right. Yeah. Roommate
matching. And he did this where it was like,
they went hyper local in certain markets. And
they aggregated the data and they got a ton
of subscribers for it. Right. Because they were
putting it out. That's what it was. It was like

[05:00]
this restaurant in this market is the
Jerry Seinfeld of this market.
Right. And people loved it because they're like,
it is the Jerry Seinfeld. That's hilarious. They
use that to make infographics to drive
more users to their app. Right. Right.
Right. Because the infographics would
go viral. It's the same idea of like,
You could, yeah, you could use the
same marketing idea for this.
Right. Right. A micro newsletter or anything
else that's localized. But I love the name.
That is a freaking great name. You already
bought the domain, right? It's not available.
I got another good name for you. Okay. Sometimes
the best business ideas are born from the best
business names. Make that the hook Mohammed.
Here's a podcast. This is a podcast business idea
name where you interview people that are
like, I think I know where you're going
and I'm excited for it. Keep going. I don't
think you do. Okay. You interview people
that like work for companies or something.
Maybe they're anonymous. Maybe they're not,

[06:00]
but they're kind of like whistleblowers.
They're spilling the secrets of an organization or
a person or influencer or something. Is it called
an dirty dogs? Dunder chip? No. Oh, okay. It's
called off the record. What do you think? That was
a record scratch that I just did. That's a, that's
a really good one. It's a good name, right? Dude.
There could be an app too off the record.
Remember that app whisper? Whisper. Yeah. Yeah.
It's kind of like that, but it's like a long form
podcast or YouTube channel. And it's like someone
that works for Apple and they're like spilling
these secrets. And it's like, I did just people
love hearing secrets. It's in our human nature.
You know, I think there's a market for that.
In the sense that like, I'm trying to get feedback
on my podcast right now, and you know, this,
it's just hard to get people to actually fill
out feedback and when they do, they know you.
And so they're like, it's so good. I listened
to every episode. I love your humor. Right? And
thanks mom. You just tend to discount that.
You're just like, okay, cool. I mean, you like
me, but I want to know the real feedback and

[07:03]
that would be a cool. App idea or whatever idea
where it was like anonymous feedback that you
could sift through and I would probably get
like toxic really quickly, but just somewhere
you could go. It was like, I want to see like,
what does whisper say about this company?
Oh, interesting. Those are the things that
actually people complain about, right? Just so you
have a balanced side of both things. Like you just
know what you're getting into potentially with the
company. As you were talking, you know, I think
what else would be like a really good podcast is
identifying those types of companies, right?
The shortstop Canoco Phillips. Or whatever ice
cream shop and like flying to those places
and filming, like getting the ice cream,
talking to the owner and just bringing awareness
to that place because there's like every city has
that place. It's like, Oh, you gotta, you
gotta try Steve's pizza place. This is the
best pizza place in three counties, tri
state area in the, in the trust.
We're not the trust state. We're the do state.
I'll tell you what, but that I'd like, that

[08:04]
would be really interesting. Like I would watch
that and it doesn't just have to be food places,
but food places obviously was like really
popular. Cause like you said, do you want to
experience what that place is known for?
Well, that's what I'm trying to do with the
business, right? Like I'm going to a barbecue
place in Tyler, Texas next month to film a video.
And it's not like a guy Fieri thing on like,
tell me how you make this brisket. It's like,
tell me what you paid for this brisket and
how many do you sell a day? Right.
And it's like, it is a 20th of the size of the
market as like diners, drive ins and dives. But
it's like, that's fine. I want to talk to only
business owners anyway. You could do it where
it's just focused on food or you could do it
where it's like, all right, this week I went
to rolling suds. And I went, went with them on a
job and we talked about the economics, right?
And this week I went to this barbecue restaurant
and on this week, I don't know, Lincoln,
Nebraska is known for corn husking. And when you
go to Lincoln, you got to go to this corn husking

[09:02]
event. Like, you know what I mean? Just like
something cool that you got to go see everywhere
has that where it's like, Oh, you got to go see
this, or you got to go eat at this place.
And that could be cool. Like just going through
the experience. Known for yeah, maybe known for
is just like a content series and not an app.
That's so good. Gosh, dang it. That's good.
Dude. That is so good. I love that idea. Can
I tell you another podcast idea? That could be
the Netflix pitch, dude. I know you talked to the
guy from Netflix, you'd be like, Hey, known for,
we go to cities around the country off the beaten
path. Like we're not going to San Francisco or we
could go to San Francisco, but we're going
to, you know, I don't Eureka, California,
like just off the beaten path, what they're
known for that, that people write in about.
And it's like the city would love it. Right.
Cause they're going to, you're going to bring
potentially tourism. The businesses would love
it. Cause you're going to expose them and people
will just be interested in seeing cool stuff
that's out there. Here's another podcast idea.

[10:01]
So something about, this is a weird quirk.
I've learned about myself. I love hearing people's
trauma stories. Is that weird? Triggered?
What do you mean? Like just someone that
had a rough childhood. I like, I love hearing
their stories. Right? It just, I don't know.
It makes me grateful. It's interesting. And
I'm not alone. Okay, hold on. Are you like,
I like hearing their trauma stories from people
who are like still in a crappy situation.
Or do you like hearing trauma stories where it's
like, I pulled myself up by my bootstraps and now
I own 700 million worth of real estate. And I
don't even think that you don't care about the
outcome. You just like hearing about people's
backgrounds. I just find it really interesting.
I love hearing people's stories.
Period. Same. Yeah. I'm the same. And so
I found this podcast randomly and it's
actually really popular. It's called,
this is actually happening. I told you
about this. And it's a very interesting

[11:02]
format because it's basically an interview, but
you can't hear the interviewer's voice. And I,
I don't even know, I want to go to the forums
and ask how it's made because I don't know if
it's someone just talking freely and
then they edit out boring parts or if
someone's literally interviewing them and they
tactically remove all of the questions.
So it's just, it sounds like someone's
just talking free form. Right. And
there's been like 400 episodes. It's really
entertaining. They're usually about an hour long
and some of them are not suitable for families,
but like one of my favorites was a guy that got
attacked by a grizzly bear in Canada. And
it's just this heart wrenching story.
And you're like almost crying as you're listening
to it. Cause he crawled and like, no one's ever
heard of this guy there. There was no movie
made out of him, but it was, he wrote a book.
It's not very popular, but it's this incredible
survival story. And there's stories about people
that grew up in abusive homes or people that
just have these weird mental conditions.
And I've listened to almost every episode and it's
like everything I listened to. Is business except

[12:01]
this. And so I'm actually going to test this
format on this podcast. And I tweeted about that,
the, you know, what happened with my
two business partners. A few years ago,
and it went viral. I got almost 2 million views
on this 1700 word long form story about getting
screwed by two business partners.
And so that showed me there is a market
for this. People like reading about these trauma
stories. And so I want to test the same concept
on this podcast, but just one episode to see
how well it does with someone telling like
their business trauma stories. And people say all
the time, like, there's not enough content about
failures, about people that failed.
Yeah. So it's like, okay, on one hand,
there's a market there. On the other hand, people
speak with their wallets or their ears or their
attention and not necessarily with what they
say. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I had Joe
Benson on my podcast and this is his idea. He
and his brother want to start a podcast.
That's called like business horror stories or
something like that, where they just cover crappy
situations. Right? Like I, I agree with you. I
think there's a market for it because we want

[13:00]
to hear it. I don't know how this podcast. Thought
to do this format where it's just someone talking,
but I want to test that specifically
where I'm not interviewing them.
I give them a bunch of notes and say, this is,
this is kind of what you should do. This is what
you should touch on. But then you just talk and
I'll just publish it. Well, I mean you could still
interview them. You would just edit yourself out.
Exactly. Right. But it would just, it would take
a lot more time to produce then like this.
We can just sit down. We have 30 minutes free.
It's like, cool, let's record a podcast. That
would probably be like three hours of footage.
And recording whittled down to 45 minutes.
You know what I mean? Yeah. So there's a lot
more production involved in that. Anyways. So
I had a conversation with a guy recently who,
his name is Donald Spann.
He's on Twitter. He grew a call center,
built it and grew it. Actually, let me
take a step back. Donald Spann launched.
A cleaning business back in 2012. So this
is pre modern Twitter, where it's like,

[14:05]
everybody has a cleaning business and a course
associated with it. He launched as a cleaning
business and he realizes, man, I need someone to
answer all these sales leads that I have.
I don't want to keep taking these sales leads
and, and closing on them, but I don't want to
necessarily hire for this position. It's gotta be
a need for other people. So I'm going to start a
call center and it's not outbound. It's inbound.
They handle all the calls that come in, their
sales leads. So they're qualifying the lead.
They're taking their information. They're
scheduling in some instances, they're closing,
right? Cause there's people who are just calling
and like, Hey, how do you guys price cleaning
a 3000 square foot house anyways? So he builds
this company up and over, I don't know, five
years, seven years, he sells in 2019 and he has
a really good exit and he sells, and then he has
now spun up another call center right now.
And. It's specifically targeting the cannabis
industry, legal cannabis industry. So they

[15:02]
are inbound again, inbound. This is not
outbound inbound handling inbound calls
for the legal cannabis industry. But as we
were talking about it, he talked me through
the economics of it. What would you guess
is like the average revenue per agent at a
call center that he's running, right?
Like I'm not saying all call centers. I'm
just saying when he's running. For cannabis, but
cannabis or the other one, like how much revenue
does one caller drive? Well, no, no, no, not for
the businesses I'm talking about specifically the
revenue for the call center, right? Like, yes,
they're inbound call center for other businesses,
but not what's not what's their close rate or
what do they generate for the businesses?
I'm talking about the call center business
itself. One agent generates about 10, 000
a month. They're charging anywhere from like
one 50 to 3 per minute that the agent is on.
So then he started talking about the economics
of it. I'm like, okay, well, what does it cost

[16:00]
for an agent? It's like, well, if they're
stateside, it's like three to 4, 000.
But if they're international, it's like 1,
500. And so you can do the margins there,
right? If you've got 10, 000 a month
coming in and 1, 500 a month going
out to an international person, you're above 80
percent gross margins, 85 percent gross margins,
which is fantastic. And then he talked through
obviously the economics of the business that you
have to have a robust software platform.
There's some management involved with those
team members. You have to have key metrics,
blah, blah, blah. But he was telling me,
he's like by the end of by the time I grew it, I
spent. 10 hours a week in that business. And the
one that I'm growing now, I spend even less time,
mainly because he has an operating partner.
But I, what I thought was fascinating is like
getting a call center spun up in specific niches.
So he's not just going like, Hey, we're a call
center. We handle all inbound. He's like, Oh,
we are for cannabis. His first one was like, Oh,
we are for cleaning companies. And then you can

[17:03]
like, you can expand I'm sure over time.
But the first initial offering was. Cleaning.
And so I've thought about this, like he was
asking us, he's like, well, who answers your
calls for fast recare? I was like, Oh, James, he's
our local operator for the most part. Oh, like
that would be the perfect solution, right?
You feel that to an inbound call center,
they handle it, they convert, et cetera.
So I have like, just been thinking about and
becoming obsessed with this idea of finding
a niche or a vertical that you could apply
this to. So like, I have really good healthcare
experience. Why would I not launch a call center?
I mean, especially if it is as simple
as like, he's making it out to be like,
I could go and drive the business.
Obviously we need to figure out the
fulfillment on the backend. In my mind,
like that's something that could be easily,
it's figureoutable. It's like, it may be a legit
sex nightmare, but it is figureoutable. Uh,
and I wanted to talk to you specifically about it
because you've done this a couple times, like LCD
cycle, you had a call center, essentially.
In Dallas where you just had people calling all

[18:01]
the time and then you've done calling campaigns
with virtual people. What do you think about the
idea of starting a call center with a specific
targeted niche? First of all, are we say call
center? Is that just like a fancy way of saying
you hire a VA and mark up their rate?
Yeah. They're not like in a place. Yes. It'd
be a remote call center essentially. Like pre
COVID you would have done a call center post
COVID. It's like, who cares where they are?
They're just going to handle the calls.
So, I mean, he's really closer to like a,
a shepherd than an actual call center. He's
finding niche VAs that specialize with being
on the phone in certain industries.
I guess so. What do you see marking up
there? Right? Yeah, but what do you, like the call
center offers the service of answering the call,
fielding the lead, converting it, scheduling it,
et cetera. I would just call this whole industry
telemarketing sourcing, like inbound, inbound
lead management or something like that.
Right? Like. It's just easier to say call center.
It's easier to say inbound call center because

[19:03]
that's like an established. It sounds, I mean, it
sounds fancier, but yes, yeah, I get what you're
saying. Yeah. I think there's completely a market
for that. You can find people on Upwork and just
mark it up. Why did you never do this?
Cause he was talking to me and he was like
explaining it. I was like, why did Chris never
do this? Like you had the call, you know,
the call center, the team with LCD cycle, but it
just seems like it would have been something that
you did because I'm surprised that you never
did it as a service for other people.
Does that make sense? Well, I've tested it like
with. Assistant realtor with Ed and I started that
it was a call center for real estate agents.
So like, I have done this, but I didn't like,
I didn't stick with it. It, it wasn't promising
enough. The opportunity cost was too high. Based
on do you, you picked the wrong vertical or do you
think maybe think your execution was poor?
Probably some of both because it seems like to
me there's a lot less execution risk. It's like,
okay, get a va, train them on how to answer the
calls, transfer the calls. You have software

[20:03]
that's gonna track everything. What, like,
what's the worst that happens? Obviously,
if they suck a customer service,
they suck a customer service.
Yes, there's some front end stuff, but it
just doesn't seem like there's a lot of,
there's not heavy operational lift post onboarding
a client. I think the hard part with this is you
have to pick a niche and you have to be sure
to pick the right niche because selling call
center services to someone like James, some
like an HVAC or plumbing business is very,
very hard because they're very set in their
ways and they do their own thing.
But I think that Donald is onto something
by. Finding a specific type of business.
I bet you anything that most of his customers
in the cleaning business were 32 year old guys
starting trying to start a remote cleaning
business. They weren't 56 year old guys
that had owned one for 20 years and that were
finally delegating some of their tasks.
Right. Yeah, that's a good, I didn't ask him that
specific question. Talk me out of doing this in
home health and hospice. Like, why would I not? I
have a great network. I have the perfect operator

[21:04]
that I could go to, to be like, Hey, look, I just
need you to go close leads and ensure quality
control, we'd have to figure out the backend, the
back office piece of the VAs, but theoretically,
even that could be white labeled, or we
could go to through a shepherd or a Sagan,
or through somebody to source those people.
Why would we not do this? Would your customer be
replacing an employee or would they be growing
with you? It would be both potentially. So home
health and hospice, let's say, for example, after
hours, we're not a hospital. We're not like the
office itself isn't open 24 hours a day, but we
have patients who may need us 24 hours a day.
In home health, it's a little less urgent that,
that we would get a call at like midnight,
but there are times where we may need to go out
at midnight hospice. We have to go 24 hours a
day. We have to be available to go. You can't
control when somebody dies. And so if they're

[22:01]
actively dying, you got to go out there.
Right. And so you're, you have to have a call
service after hours, between the hours of
like 5 PM and 8 AM the next day. And then
every morning you walk into the office and it's
like, Hey, what was the triage report? Oh, cool.
These are the calls that came in. This is what we
did. This is how it was routed, et cetera.
So every home health and hospice has to have. On
call. Now, some of them can do it in house. They
could have their clinicians like rotate on call
or they have a call service that they use. The
vast majority use call services. So for home
health and hospice, I would say it's offering
that call service to their teams to teams that
either are using existing clinicians to do this
on call stuff and need a break or replace
their current like on call offering.
Like, I know it's a massive need. In the space.
So that's where I would focus. If you were, first
of all, have you heard of Ruby receptionist? So
these guys started this whole industry. They were
ruby receptionist. com. Now they're ruby. com.
They are like the goats at this whole industry,
which just proves this is a big industry.
Dude. He told me, hold on. He told me it's a 300

[23:04]
billion industry that's growing at 6. 7 percent
a year. That's crazy. Blew my mind. Anyways,
keep going. I went to ruby. com as
you're talking to look at like what
types of offerings are they pushing? Cause like
if you want to go copy shepherd, you go look at,
you know what they serve and you know, look
at their dropdown and they're most likely
sorting it by most common type of customer.
And so if you look at who we serve on ruby. com,
it's legal home services, business
services, healthcare, financial services,
and small businesses. So first of all, of all
the industries. They have six and healthcare is
one of them. So that's a thumbs up for me. One
thing I'm wondering is how many customers would
you need to give someone 40 hours a week?
So if you could pay 1500 to make 10, 000 a month,
how many home health and hospice customers
do you need based on call volume? Yeah,
that's a really good question. I'd have
to crunch because essentially what, like,
I know what those contracts look like when I would
use a call agency. There'd be a flat fee.

[24:04]
It'd be like 1, 500 a month and then 3 a phone
call. Or like, I can't remember exactly what the
numbers are. I have like it in my notes, so I'd
have to create the profile of an existing agency
and then back in from there. Okay. So that's one
way to test it for sure. Yeah, it would be that.
Like to me, it would be more about testing
whether or not we could get customers.
Cause if we could get customers, I know we
could operationally execute. Right. And I feel
confident to be able to get customers in myself
or this operator who, I mean, you know, Justin,
or he may not want my name or sorry, take that
out. But like, we know a lot of people in this
industry. So it'd be an easy conversation to
talk about, Hey, we started this company.
This after hours call company, you know, go
with us. But then from there we could expand
into like adjacent healthcare spaces. Donald was
saying like his main customers were healthcare
companies, which surprised me. And there's
like HIPAA issues that you have to kind of

[25:02]
get around. But he was, and again, it's like on
Twitter, it's like, Oh no, it's super easy.
It's only five hours a week. But he was adamant.
He's like, it's for you to do this, especially
if you had somebody that you could have. Kind of
run it. He's like, it's minimal work. It's very
minimal. There's the onboarding. He's like, he's
like, I could walk you through the onboarding.
You could pay me a consulting rate, but really
the hardest part is getting the clients.
It's not in the operational execution of it. And
I just found that interesting. Yeah. I think the,
the sweet spot, and this is probably why Ruby has
legal listed first. The sweet spot is a customer
that is high volume and not that hard to sell
into. I think the one downside with healthcare
is that it's probably harder than average to
sell into and the volume might be lower.
Therefore you're going to have a hard time finding
new customers and the customers aren't going to be
very big. Right. But with you having an in, you
could overcome that. Like I would just get five
people on the phone and ask them straight
up, like, do you need this? Okay. If yes,

[26:00]
then what would you pay for it?
If they give you an answer, then will
you pay me that right now? Well, and I know for
a fact, they're like, there are five people that
I know that I'm friends with that would be like,
Oh, you have a company? Yeah, for sure. We'll use
it. Like, it's not even, Hey, would you use
us? It'd be like, oh yeah, of course.
What's your company send over, you know,
the W nine and let's get you on boarded.
Yeah. But what the frick are you waiting for?
What the frick are you waiting for dude? No,
I just gotta do a little more research. I gotta
read a book. I gotta, I gotta Yeah. Buy a domain
name file. I haven't bought a domain name.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Do I have to do some
market research? Yeah, for sure. Dude, I'm
still talking to a few people. I'm still,
I got a couple, couple of guys that I'm talking
to. Yeah. You put, you put filing LLC on your
calendar for September. So that's been done for
September. We're such haters. That's so good.
I like that idea. That seems like
a good fit for you specifically.
I know, I know. And it's like, it's one of
those things where it's like, all right, I got

[27:03]
one customer thousand dollars profit a month. All
right, let's get a couple more. All right. Three
thousand. It's just like you just keep stacking
these wins and I bet the churn is very low.
Yeah, that's what he was saying. He's like the
average. Customer length with him was 22 months.
Wow. And I bet that jumps every month, right?
Cause like, sure. He hasn't been around for a
decade. I'm sure. But, but you think if churn is
22 months, that means that your churn rate is like
less than 1 percent because if your average
length is 20 months, 1 20th is five is 5%.
Sorry. I messed that up. Yeah. 5%. So if your
churn is 22 months and it's less than 5%, that's a
great churn rate, especially for an industry where
like it's going to cost fairly little. Like he was
saying, it was 300 acquisition costs for what
the companies that he brought on. And they're
going to be sticky for a long period of time.
That's I like that idea. It's a good business. I
got a couple of ideas for you. You ready? You
know, Quinn Miller, the vending guy.

[28:05]
So we just spoke today and he owns. A ton
of vending machines in Southern California,
and he does really well. And he also owns a bunch
of ATMs. So we talked all about that business,
yada, yada, yada. And I asked him what was
the most interesting vending concept you've
ever seen. And this blew my mind. He went to
a bar in Lansing, Michigan once, and he went
to the bathroom and they had, they had like a
leaderboard display screen above the urinal.
And they had a device in the urinal that you
pee into that measures. The strength of your
pee and the volume of your pee. And then it
ranks you against other guys that have been
to that bar and you have to pay for it. And then
it runs ads as you're peeing and you pay, you pay
to pee and be shown ads. No freaking way.
Isn't that amazing? That is amazing. 'cause what

[29:00]
guy is gonna be like, I don't, I'm not feeling
it right now. I don't wanna know how strong my
p strength is. I don't. Huh? It doesn't matter
to me. It, my wife says it doesn't matter. . No,
my wife . I, I would lose this game. 'cause as
I'm getting older, my stream is not strong.
my stream, I'm like an inch thick and just
short first. Like I just get it out. I've
heard you pee. It's aggressive. It's aggressive.
It's a super soaker. Like the line in the other
guys and the sound of your piss hitting
the urinal. It sounds feminine. Anyway,
I thought that was a interesting,
no, I'm not about to go watch that,
but that's the most interesting vending
concept I've ever heard of.
Second one, which I've talked to you about, and
I like this idea. I still like it is the perfume
vending machines. Yeah. I remember this. Yeah.
They're based out of like Latvia or Estonia or
something. They're only in Europe, by Saudi
Arabia, Middle East. They're not in America

[30:03]
yet. It's 2, 000, maybe 2, 500. You can put it
on a pedestal or you can Mount it to a wall.
It's about the size of a large mailbox and it
just looks like this. It's just, it's got like
this glass display with five bottles of cologne
or perfume, and then there's a little tube going
into each bottle and then there's credit card
reader. And, uh, five buttons underneath each one,
you swipe your card for a dollar and you put
your hand up to it or your neck or whatever.
And you pay a dollar to get one spray of
perfume. And it's, so it's like 90 plus
percent margins because those bottles have like
300 sprays in them. Right. And then in addition,
you can play ads on it and then you can put
QR codes underneath each. Bottle to like, Ooh,
I like that smell. I want to buy that.
And it's just an affiliate link. You don't,
it's not an e commerce business. You don't have
a website. It's just an affiliate link for you
to make 10 bucks every time you sell a bottle.
What do you think? As I've thought about it,

[31:05]
here's what I hate about that business. Where
are they? Can you describe it again?
What type of venue? Just tell me geography where
they are. Europe smelly. Yep. Keep going.
Keep going with what? What do you want? Where's
the other place? Where's the other places?
Okay. Middle East. Places where they don't wear
deodorant. Places where they don't wear deodorant.
We wear deodorant here. We don't stink as bad.
So it's like, oh, Ivan, you stink very bad. Go
to bathroom. Gets little spritz of perfume.
Like, yeah, okay. Those guys freaking need it.
Have you smelled a guy after he's had borscht?
It's not, it's not good, dude. But do people in
America buy perfume and cologne? Yes or no? If I
had to answer that, if I had to answer that, yes.
Okay. I just class chat GPT. And it's looking
good for you so far. I said, what countries

[32:04]
sell the most cologne and perfume?
Number one, France, largest exporter,
largest export export. Get out of here. Chad, I
mean, I completely agree. The big risk here is
the cultural thing, but here's, I think you
could solve that solve for that by placing
these in 10 to 20 different locations and just
learning. Because I think in the right location,
even in America, These could do really well.
I was talking to Sam about this and he's like,
I keep a bottle of cologne in my gym bag when I
go to the gym. I just, I don't want to shower,
but I don't want to stink. So I just, I give
a little spray. So there's one of these in the
bathroom or at the exit and I might use it. Or
I'm thinking like just in like a very busy mall,
like just a pedestal in the middle of the mall,
because you've got youths, you've got these,
you know, those youths walking around.
They might be interested in this or even like next
to the line at the Cinemark at the movie theater.
And people are standing next to it in line. I'm
all about incentivizing less cleanliness. All
right. So if I go to the gym, I work up a sweat,

[33:04]
a little spritz shower. I followed up with Chad,
GPT, and this one's not looking good for you.
Okay. I said, no, tell me consumer purchasing.
This is number one. The U S is a major market
for perfumes and colognes country accounted for
8. 7 billion in fragrance sales, 2023. Brazil,
number two, 4 billion. So half as many people
and half as much perfume and cologne. France,
number three, 2. 6 billion UK,
2. 3 Germany, 2 billion.
Interesting. So there you go. Math checks out.
Hey, other notable country, uh, yada, yada. Turkey
stands out with 85 percent of its population
regularly wearing perfume. The highest percentage
globally. Are you surprised? There you go. I'm
not surprised. No, I was in Turkey's neighbor's
country. Yep. You know, last week.