[00:00]
﻿I'd run a trailer search every morning and
it's like, Oh wow. Like significantly less
people are responding to me or significantly
more people are saying that it already sold.
Sounds like there's more demand than supply
here. There's room for me in this market.
Right? Or maybe you find the opposite.
This is saturated. I'm going to look at
appliances. I'm going to look at furniture.
I'm going to look at other big things that
Cause you to sweat in the 103 degree heat
that most people don't want to do. Or most
people don't have 5,000 to buy a trailer.
They're trying to flip 500 things. I think
there's a massive opportunity to do that.
Okay. As promised, this is Shannon. This is the
second part of our episode on this one. We talk
more specifically about how to flip items and we
talk about the insecurities that we deal with as
entrepreneurs and we talk about our wives and how
supportive they are. And. Basically, structures
that we have set up between us and our wives
that help things go a little smoother.
So enjoy this episode with Shannon and let me
know if I should have him on again. I think you're
onto something before you even really knew it with

[01:02]
data and buying a six bedroom house. Cause I was
looking at buying an Airbnb years ago and I got
on air DNA and I did all the research and we put
our home that I'm sitting in right now on Airbnb
when we had to move and it's five bedrooms.
And I learned like, man. Airbnb, a lot of these
short term rental properties are getting crushed,
but the ones that are huge do really, really well
because you can split that cost up amongst six
families, right? I'm sure that's what you've
learned. Yeah, definitely. And our unique places
where we did a 1031 exchange from that other
river property into a new river property because I
want to be on the water and it's like, okay.
Now you've got a five acre place with two
houses and basically your own private river
that runs right through it that no one else can
access. And so that's the difference, the unique
part that people will rent versus paying, you
know, just renting some average three bedroom,
two, you know, two bath type place.
So what makes you different is what makes

[02:03]
you wealthy. And. Went up to your point earlier,
it's harder when you're younger because you're
taught to go with everybody else and the
crowd mentality, and this is how you go,
you get a good job and everything. But as
you get older, you get more comfortable
being different and leaning into it.
It becomes a superpower. Yeah, but before
I hit record, you were saying like, people just
need to learn how to make 1, 000 a month, right?
Do you think that is the big unlock to like
rewiring your brain to seeing opportunity and
everything? Or do you think even if some people
do that, they're just like, Meh, I prefer a job
because I'm like you, like you, you said, you see
good deals and you're not really going to buy it,
so you send it to all your friends.
I have this toxic trait, you could say,
where I have these W2 friends that I, I love them
and I look up to them and I just know that they're
killers. Like I know they're in the top 5 percent
at their, at their workplace. And like, I just

[03:00]
want them to own a business. It's like this weird
thing. And I'm just, cause I see their potential
and they don't really see it in themselves.
And I understand that it's not for everyone and
I get all that, but I just know if they were to
taste it, they would love it. And so I have this
mental list of. Like five good friends that I just
want to own a business. And so I'll, we'll have
lunch and I'm like, dude, I just came across this
thing and like, I can't do it because of X, Y,
or Z, but like, here's why you should do it.
And yet, and I can see in their eyes, like,
it's just not resonating. No, it just kind of
plays over. Yeah. Like you're, it's a different,
it's a different mentality. I do think the
thousand is just an easy round number. How would
you do it? How would you make an extra a hundred
bucks, a thousand bucks, whatever it is.
That's the big chasm that people I think
struggle with, but if, and that's why I
like starting with lower numbers, cause it's more
approachable. It's not as sexy, but. You know,
I'm a big believer in the revenue stack. And like
we were talking about earlier, like our podcast,

[04:04]
I've done that podcast for 10 years.
Does it make money? Absolutely. It doesn't make
a ton of money. No, but it just adds up for, for
a long time. It helped pay for my kid's school.
It's bought me. It's sent us on vacations
all over the place, but it's a great rubric,
but it's still a small number. You just have
to see it happen all of a sudden, like I never
believed anybody would buy my book.
And so I hired a coach. I spent like 3,
500 bucks and hired this woman, which is terrific.
And she wrote. She had written 30 books all around
this same subject like housewives, women at home,
exercising at different stages of their life. It
was great, really smart. And she's like, yeah, you
know, I wrote these 30 books and she's like, some
months I make a thousand dollars per book.
And she had her royalty. She showed us, it's like,
Oh, it's like 30 grand. So she didn't ghost write
these. She wrote these as herself. She wrote them,

[05:01]
but they were like 200 pages. It was pretty
small. And well, once she had one that did
okay. Then she's like, well, let me tweak it. Let
me do one for women that just had a baby.
So she has a similar content, different
demographic. Let me do it for women over 50. And
so she just kept expanding that niche. And she's
like, you know, in some months. Maybe I only make,
you know, 5, 000 on those 30 books, but
she had it. She clicked and it seemed to
me like when I published the first book and I
started talking about it, I had no audience and
I didn't even know, you know, nothing.
And I talked about, I had a couple hundred
people that followed, but what I did with
the book is. Now it sounds much smarter,
but it was just not, I wrote the digital version
and I published that. And that was cool. The
Kindle and it sold. But then like somebody
at Amazon, a rep emailed me and said, Hey,
you really should make a printed version.
I was like, people still buy this? He said, yeah.
So I converted it to a print, but what happened
was all my images were set for a digital version,

[06:00]
they weren't high res and I didn't want to go
through the whole book and change them. So on
the first page I said, Hey, if you're buying this
print and you and the images don't turn out.
I'm an entrepreneur. I'm not a book author.
So here's my email address. Just email me
and I'll send you the digital version for
free. And so. Then you get their email and
I didn't know this at the time, but now I,
yeah, I tell that story and people are like,
brilliant, you know, it's like, well, you know, I
really didn't know, but okay, I'll take it.
So the printed version sold 10 times more than
the digital version. I was shocked. And. You
can kind of tweet. So it is that first little
thing. Can you make it, you know, X sent me a
message and say, Hey, you qualify for subscribers
now, right? People pay you for your content. And
I'm like, Oh, but nobody's going to pay me.
Okay, but go ahead. I'll turn it on. And so now
I have seven people that pay five bucks a month on
X for my stuff. And I posted about it. I was like,
it's amazing. And I was like, well, I, now I feel
compelled to add some value to these people beyond

[07:00]
what I normally do. But now I start
to think, well, if I have seven.
What if I had 700 that are paying 500 bucks
a month? And okay, how do I just keep doing
that? So I do think it's that you're building
this bridge, you know, one, one board at a
time. And I love how it, I like your phrasing
that it does unlock different areas of your
brain that you start to see opportunities.
Yeah. And maybe the key is like earning that first
thousand dollars before you're 25 and your brain
is fully developed. Right. Cause when I'm talking
to my 37 year old friend, like they're already
thinking like director VP, and so it's like,
it's almost like they don't want to hear it
because like they, they feel very compelled
to the track that they're already on.
And I respect that. But if you're 25,
I think that makes a lot more sense. Let's talk
about, do you do much on Facebook marketplace?
Cause as you're talking, I'm thinking like,
all right, location, asymmetric opportunity,
asymmetric information. I feel like.
There's a ton of opportunity on Facebook,

[08:01]
like looking at no other platform, only buying
and selling all within Facebook marketplace.
Are you doing anything there at all? No, no, I
don't, I don't do it. But I agree with you. If
I was just getting into the auction space
and I was buying like Costco auctions,
I wrote a guide about this. Cause it's, every
time I post about Costco, my account goes nuts.
Buying liquidations. People don't know that
they sell their excess products and stuff.
And If I was doing it now, I would buy and I
would repalatize and I would sell the pallets
to other resellers on Facebook marketplace. And
I would go to my local swap meet and I'd walk
around and I'd have my card and I'd say, Hey, you
want to buy pallets? I'm your guy. I'm going to go
spend. I'm going to buy the truckloads.
So you don't have to, because most people don't
know how to manage that and, or they don't have
the capital to do it. So it's like, well, yeah,
I'll buy a truckload of stuff for 60, 000 and
I'll sell. 1, 000 pallets or something like

[09:00]
that. I think that's great because, and I think
Facebook marketplace is amazing to do that.
And I don't know, I don't, I can't say that there
are not others doing it, but I'll bet you it,
the opportunity is ripe because you start, there's
always people looking at to buy and resell and
stuff. And I think it'd be interesting way to
tap into it. Yeah, as we're talking about this,
I'm thinking like, all right, how could I
use Facebook marketplace to make money?
So I, I love the idea back to your location
example of finding like sister cities. So
let's just say Dallas and Houston, even though
they're probably way too big for what I'm about
to say. They're sister cities. Right? Similar
demographic, similar unemployment rates, similar
everything, same state, right? All that.
So let's say I wanted to flip trailers. I would
go to, let's say I'm in Dallas. So let's say I'm
going to do all my research in Houston to get a
baseline. And I'm going to say, all right, every
day, I'm going to log into Facebook marketplace.
How many trailers were listed for sale
yesterday? I'm going to message all of them.
How many of them have already sold? How many
of them have not sold? How many of them are

[10:03]
not responding? Put all that in a Google sheet.
Let's find another sister city. Let's go to San
Antonio. Do the same thing. All right. What is a
normal baseline of trailers selling in a sister
city? And then I started doing the research
in Dallas and I, you know, I'd run a trailer
search every morning and it's like, Oh wow.
Like significantly less people are responding to
me or significantly more people are saying
that it already sold. It sounds like it's.
Like there's more demand than supply
here. There's room for me in this market,
right? Or maybe you find the opposite. This is
saturated. I'm going to look at appliances.
I'm going to look at furniture. I'm going to look
at other big things that cause you to sweat in the
103 degree heat that most people don't want to
do. Or most people don't have 5, 000 to buy a
trailer. They're trying to flip 500 things.
I think there's a massive opportunity to do
that. The research and comparable markets, and
then just copy and paste in your market.
Yeah, I agree. We're surrounded by opportunities.
The key is the mindset. I know it sounds kind of

[11:02]
cliche or cheesy, but it is that. Willing to put
your time in to spend a little bit of money and
then looking at these opportunities in maybe
a different way. Well, certainly a different
way than other people would.
That's huge. When I was in college,
I was buying storage auctions. This was
way back. Before storage wars and they'd
roll the door up and you could kind of look
in and one of the best deals I ever bought,
it was like a woodworking business or something.
And excuse me. And as I was sitting there,
I was listening to people talk about, Oh, you
know, these, that's all is worth 500 bucks.
And these tools are worth, you know, that's like
a thousand dollars. And so I sat there and then.
The bidding started, nobody was bidding. It was
a lot of stuff. And I was just, and it was my
girlfriend at the time, who's now my wife. I
said, why, I don't get it. I was like, well,
okay, I'll bid a hundred bucks or whatever.
And okay. Then a couple people got going and I
bought the whole storage locker for like 500.
And then I immediately was like, I didn't,

[12:00]
I don't think I had 500 at the time. So I walked
over to the guy that wanted to buy that software.
You know, three, 400 bucks. He said, do you
want to buy that saw? And he's like, yeah.
And so he gave me the cash right then.
And so before the, we were even done,
I had made money on the stupid thing, but
because I was just delusional enough to think
that I could fit all this stuff in my truck
and I had to make a bunch of trips and it was
a pain in the butt and it was sweating. And I
didn't know what I was going to do, but.
That deal turned out amazing for a college
kid, you know? And I don't know what I mean,
but thousands of dollars. So don't take
for granted. Everyone's figured things out
because they haven't, because most people ignore
things. When I post about those stupid trailers,
I get ripped apart in the comments about Shannon,
this will never, they're, they're so beat up.
Yada. Of course. There's a reason why they're
there. That's the problem to solve. How do
you solve that problem? And that's the fun
part. Yeah. I like saying only listen to the

[13:02]
haters. If they know more about that industry
than you. Otherwise, just let it be a chip on
your shoulder. Right? So if you have that quote,
hater show up in your comments, like, dude.
Okay. First of all, I assisted in the process
of these FEMA trailers. They have significant
black mold issues. The remediation cost per unit
is 7, 000. You got it. It's like, okay, you know
what? Yeah. That's really good information. You
just saved me. Thank you. But if it's like, Oh,
these would never sell. Like, yes, shut up.
Like, give me your evidence. Well, I love the
phrase, you know, haters are just fans in
denial and they fuel your stuff. Yeah. They
fuel you as well. Success is the best
revenge and talking about this stuff. I
love it because it's some kooky idea that you
followed down the rabbit hole and you're like,
well, it's like the watch business.
I don't know anything about watches, but
I know about deals and I have a good reputation
and One day I got a call. I was like, Hey, we lost
this buyer and this is a sensitive product for
us. We're not this massive mega corp. They were

[14:02]
really worried that this, these return product,
we're going to wind up back at their stores.
People would buy it and then take it back and try
to get a full refund or something like that. And
so they wanted it handled a certain way. And it
was problematic, but I was like, I looked at the
spreadsheet. It's like, all right, let's figure it
out because I just felt there was an opportunity
and then I, you have to go to New York and you
have to walk the jewelry district and you have to,
you're just like, excuse me, meeting all these
people that are looking at you like, Oh, you, this
is a scam, whatever it is, and you have to make
a bunch of phone calls until I finally met.
A couple of Russian guys, they looked at me and
like, okay, well, let's fly out. They flew out
to me to see this product. And I was like, here
it is. I've already spent a bunch of money on
this and I don't know what to do with it. I don't
want to sell it. We tried to sell some consumer,
but it's a terrible, it's a rough business.
And so, I mean, we were selling watches that some
of them that would have all multimeters in them,
you know, and they, people would, you know, Get

[15:03]
it, buy it, be happy. But then they'd go on the,
on a plane flight and they'd come back, say, Hey,
the altimeter is off. I want to return it. And
he's like, no, you went up 35, 000 feet.
Yeah. I don't know how to test for this, you
know? So it was a very difficult problem to
test or product to test for. Once I met this
pulse, other guy, I figured, you know what,
I'll let them make money on me. I just will
take a very small percentage to manage logistics
and finances and the relationship. And
it's been an amazing business.
And like I said, I posted on X to 8 million side
hustle. And I've done a lot more than that, but we
did it on a handshake and I never, if I hadn't
taken that first step. Back when I was in my
twenties to figure out how I could do it and see
that it worked and that reality is truly flexible.
I never would have taken that 8 million deal
because I'd be like, Oh, what could go wrong?

[16:00]
Like you said, what if it's, The package gets lost
or what, I mean, the what ifs are just, you got to
get rid of that stuff and get past it. I'm glad
you brought up the watch business. Cause I think
that's another big opportunity in just reselling
things is finding the happy medium between ticket
size and like volume of buyers, right?
Cause if you sell t shirts, there's
a hundred million buyers out there, but you got
to sell a hundred million t shirts. Whereas if
you sell golf carts. Right. You could make 2000
per golf cart, but there's only so many golf
cart buyers. And so I also like the idea of
doing what you did with the watches and doing
the research to find that sweet spot.
It's like, okay, every sale will net me four
figures and there's actually. This actually is
a bigger market than I thought. That's what we
did with Bitcoin miners. We were selling
these 15, 000 miners, but because of the
market conditions at the time, there was a lot
more demand than supply. Right. Yeah. So I like
the idea of starting with a thousand dollars,
working your way up, and then finding.

[17:03]
The higher ticket items, because once again,
there's much less buyers at the higher ticket
sizes. And then flipping those things with the
exact same principles that you learned at the
lower ticket size. It's training your brain.
You know, one of the biggest iPhone deals I
ever did that was like 95, 000 iPhones.
And it was just massive. And the logistics and
the finance and the management and the security
and finding buyers and dealing with, uh, I mean,
it's. Overwhelming if you really sit and try
to think about it all because I'd done it for
20 years. It was just another deal. And
when I was in college, there was a thing
I went to Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo and
every Thursday there would be this.
Like, uh, it was called the easy ad. I don't
know. Some people, you may have one called the
penny saver, penny saver. Similar kind of thing.
People would put just text ads in there. This was
pre. Web, you know, and so every Thursday they'd
come out and then they'd get distributed all over

[18:04]
the county. I was with living with a couple
of guys that were into cars and trucks.
And I was like, well, I got a little bit of
money. Maybe we can buy and flip some trucks.
And one guy had a painting set up. So it was like,
well, we could buy these trucks, paint them real
quick and resell them. It's like, well, what's
the angle? Well, it turned out the angle was.
The easy ad got put in their office lobby a few
hours before they went out everywhere else.
And so we would just go sit in the easy ad
office Thursday at 9 AM meeting two other
guys. And we just hang out and then they'd come
out, they'd drop a big stack and we'd be like,
Oh, this person, that's a, that's a deal.
This person underpriced this. And then
we get on the phone and we're like,
Hey, can we come over right now?
We'll be there right now. Right now we show up,
you have cash. We would buy the truck and we
would buy. Maybe one or two a week, but we never
registered them in our name. It was like flip. We
never, it was lots of risk, but you're young,
but stupid, stupid risk. I wouldn't do it now

[19:02]
that the mindset is where's the unfair advantage
unfair advantage was we just figured out that
they dropped them there early just by randomly
going, Hey, what time do they come out?
And they were like, well, Most places get them
at two o'clock. But if you come to our lobby,
we bring them out usually about 10 or 11. Yeah. I
did that business for all during school. So your
brain is really a muscle. We're moist robots. So
you're that learning and learning. And I encourage
you to do it as young as you can.
But if you're older, you still can do it,
but you have, you should start small and do
things that are not crazy until you build
this foundation of stuff. And what's interesting
about that example, which I freaking love, and
like almost every business I've started, people
ask me, like, could you still do that today?
Almost every time it's yeah. Actually, like
you could still do that today. Like the easy
at it. You might not be able to do that,
but like I could go to chat GPT and tell

[20:01]
them that story and say, what are 10 different
examples of ways that I could use asymmetric
information that are different than this?
Like you could, I mean, you could pay a VA 3
an hour to sit on Facebook marketplace
all day and just hit refresh and say,
every time you see a trailer, that's a box
trailer in this zip code message them this.
Thanks. I will be there in 10 minutes. Like
you could still do all these principles just
in different ways or even the same ways.
Absolutely. And there's guys that do the same
concept with jewelry on Craigslist and it's
all automated and it's, they, it picks up these
certain terms of people selling stuff and it goes
up and it does the whole thing and they're like,
Hey, we'll send you a label. They email prepaid
labels like instantly to these people to get
them to send their gold to them.
You know? And so it, I say, hell, we're
surrounded by opportunity. If you kind of look
at it sideways, if you've got to be curious,
yeah, and you cannot be a consumer your entire
life. That's you just can't and you cannot pay

[21:07]
retail. That's another training. You just got to
find and sometimes, yeah, it's more work.
Like I wanted to shed for this river property.
I was like, Oh, I go to Costco. It's like, yeah,
that's that shed's perfect, but it's 1500
bucks. But I'm just like, I just can't do
it. I can't pay 1500 bucks. So I get in the car
on the Costco auction site. And I just look,
I look every day. It's part of my routine.
And I, for big stuff, I only look that's near me
on California and everything. So I look sure
enough, here comes an auction with two brand
new sheds. I was like, I'm going to buy that.
And then I was like, I can use both sheds or
I'll sell one. And I bought both sheds. For
1500 bucks instead of buying one shed for 15,
you know, so yes, was it a pain?
And I ha I live on this house on the, on a Hill in
California. There's, you can't get a semi truck.
I don't have a warehouse anymore. I got rid of it.
And I, so I have to drive down the Hill and
transfer to my truck and everything, but the

[22:03]
whole time in my head, I'm just like, I saved,
you know, 1500 bucks. And this is sweet.
And I tell this story as part of my story. I'm
a huge fan of coming up with the brand. Yeah.
Yeah. It's fine. The deals. And so I tell the
story all the time to my friends, if they're
sick of hearing it, I'm sure. Oh, I got this.
I picked that up here. I bought this year. I
bought this house here. I did that.
Whatever. I love it. It feels great. And
it fuels me. And the story concept I tell people
to tell the story in reverse. Think about what
story you want to tell. When you're older and I
visualize it sitting around a campfire. I mean,
I love sitting around the campfire. What
stories do you want to tell and how are
they cool and different and unique?
And people kind of sets them back. Like
you did what you bought this weight. How did
that work? And dah, dah, dah. That's fun,

[23:00]
man. That makes you the storyteller. So if
you can figure out that reverse storytelling
concept draws you to that end result that
you want. Yeah, it's like visualization or
whatever, but I, you know, yeah.
When we started the Bucky's business,
my partner and I, I love that business,
dude. We're like, let, oh, thanks. Like,
let's walk into a Bucky's. Let's buy one of
everything, . And then I love it. We'll email
reporters and he's like, well, what if they sue
us? I'm like, if they sue us, we'll have a good
story. If we fail, we have a good story.
If it succeeds, we've got a great story.
Like that's, I always think about that. Like the
other, I, I went on, I picked up my mom from the
airport in Salt Lake. We had an hour to kill,
so my family, my mom and my sister. We all,
we went on a walk or in this trail and it was
like on the airport property behind this barbed
wire fence, but it was an actual trail.
And there was a sign that said it closed at
10 and we long story short, we got lost and
I was really afraid that gate would lock us
in. And like planes were flying overhead and it
was hectic, but like my kids were loving it. I

[24:00]
was loving it. And I ended up having to sprint
full speed in my Crocs back to this gate.
Cause I was afraid it would lock at 10 and I
got there at 10 exactly. And I wanted to prop
the gate open so they could take their time back.
So I got there at 10 exactly. Six minutes later,
they walked back. We were all laughing
and having a great time. And then we
went to leave. I closed the gate and my
wife was like, Hey, check the gate.
See if it ever locked. And it did. And
like, really, it was dark Salt Lake.
No one would have known we were back there.
And I was like, I even said, I was like,
that would have been such a good story. Oh man.
I kind of was mad that we didn't get locked in
there. It is. It's, it's amazing. When I bought
that river property, that was the problem.
And. Negotiated that deal. And I, my wife,
I bought it. She'd never seen it other than
pictures. And she gave me a, you know, here, it
has to meet all these requirements before I'm on
board with it. And I'm like, great, no problem.
But I can remember sitting outside around the
campfire when we closed Estro and I said, if this
deal happens the way I'm thinking it might, I will

[25:06]
never stop telling this story about it.
Cause I was, after I walked out of this,
I had a meeting with the guy from the.
It's like. Department of the interior that
wanted this house. And he gave me so much great
information, what they were willing to pay for it,
the whole nine yards, but it would just take
a long time for them to buy it. And I walked
out and I had a contractor buddy with me.
And the first thing I said was. Doesn't that
sound like a free house to you? I just need to
tie up some money for a while. The government
wants to buy it. Yeah. They're telling me
I've got to buy it and nobody would listen
to me. Everybody's like, it's not going to
happen. Even my wife, who's super supportive
because I've done it a bunch of times.
And now I, man, I tell that story all the
time. I was like, Let me tell you how to
go by it. Find a property that's just a
nightmare that that has some weird thing. And
so, yeah, the story thing is powerful for me.
It gives me energy. It makes me feel unique
and different. And like we talked earlier,

[26:01]
as you get older, that's a superpower.
That's amazing. Well, let's wrap this up with
two questions. I want to ask about your wife and
like, is she the type? And what has she always
been the type to just naturally like trust
you and go along with you? Or is she still
very hesitant? Or did you kind of have to get
her there with all these crazy ventures?
Yeah. So she worked like we lived off her
w two when we first started, I started the
business and we didn't make any money and we
put all the money back into the business. And
it was 10 years into this. Entrepreneurial
journey before I was starting a new company
and a partner that I had met years before.
We always talked about starting a business and
he came up, he had met my wife several times
and he said, Hey, okay, I'm all in. But the,
the one requirement is I want Renee to handle
the money, you know, my wife. And I was like,
I'd never thought about working with
my wife before like this, but you know,

[27:01]
we had this long discussion about it.
She was going to be in charge of a completely
different. We wouldn't be interacting as like
day to day. And she had seen enough success.
She was behind me now before she started working,
like I've made a ton of mistakes, right? I mean,
I lost a million. I made a decision one
day that cost me a million dollars.
I got sued and you're talking about getting sued
and all that kind of stuff. I got involved with a
group of folks that it was just stupid.
If you want to read it, just go on X,
just Shannon Jean. And you can read, I posted
about it. And I had to go home and tell my
wife that. I just lost a million bucks and,
you know, I remember she was, cause we had a
little baby girl and she was giving her a bath
and everything and she's in the bathroom.
And I, I said this and I can remember there
were two, there were tears, but the comment
she made that I just will never forget was she
was like, all right, well, you better figure out
how to pay that million bucks back. It wasn't
screaming, yelling you this or that. So she's

[28:03]
always been in my corner. And once I did figure
out how to pay that million dollars back while I
was still growing these other companies, I
think we both felt pretty empowered.
So yeah, she's been, I mean, there's definitely,
you know, when the letter from the IRS shows up,
she always comes up and goes, these make me
nervous. You know, I get a lot of letters from
the IRS, of course, of course you do. And we've
had our The sales tax police are worse than the
IRS. And before we had our, when I was young and
I didn't understand business structure as much,
we had our account seized cause I was late
on sales tax or this kind of stuff.
So yeah, she's pretty good. She got eased into it
as well. Right. So yeah, but she's always been in
my corner and it takes a unique person, male
or female to be behind you. But I always had
a foundation that I always, she always said, I
always know you can make money and it was hard.
And sometimes she'd be like, you know, you could
be successful working for somebody else too.

[29:03]
And I was like, Oh, that sounds like such a
nightmare. I'll figure this out. I'll figure
this out. And so making this step to being
like this crazy entrepreneur. Starts with
the foundation of Well, I have this business that
generates this much money. It gives me a check. I
don't want to be involved in it anymore.
Once it didn't maintenance mode. Now I can go
take another swing at the fences because I know
I've got a six figure income right here that pays
our bills and going that kind of thing. So if
you come to her today with a harebrained idea
and whether it like it's a big risk or not,
does she ask like, all right, well, let's
talk about this, let's walk through this.
Or is she just like, sounds good. Let me know
how I can help. Well, like what, where is she on
that spectrum? She asks lots of questions. I mean,
like when I brought her to the house on the
river, that the government, that every house
on the street had burned down in a fire. And
our house was close to the river and that was,
it was, every house was gone.
And so I was like, this would be great

[30:01]
because we're going to buy this and there's going
to be a bunch of brand new houses and it's going
to raise the value. So she, like I said, she
came up with these 10 points. She's like, Okay,
if you do this, if you answer this, satisfy
this, can you find somebody to housekeeper
to manage it when you're gone because you're
gonna run it out this, this and this.
So she's very savvy. She's the one that like,
I like to play craps. I'm not a huge gambler,
but if I go, I'm like, oh, let's play craps.
She'll come by the crafts table and she'll look
at my chips and she'll just take some and in
the beginning when we were younger I was like,
she's gonna go gamble with this.
She's like it's like putting your money
in savings Exactly. She's taking the money because
she's like, okay, how much she goes? How much did
you start with? I'm like, I don't know 500
bucks thousand bucks. Okay, great. And then
she'll come by like another 10 minutes later You
know, oh it's at the time and then after I'm and
then once she's gotten my money back that 500
bucks thousand bucks Remember she'll go.
Hey go crazy Cause you're playing with the house
money, right? But she's taken that money and gone
and cashed it in and put that thousand bucks back
in her pocket. So she's, I always joke, like I

[31:02]
know how to make money. My wife's much better at
building wealth and taking money off the table and
saying, Hey, yeah, you could take that invested
in a new business, but let's go invest a bunch
of money in Tesla or let's build a good portfolio
in the market and get some financial advice.
I'd be like, that's boring. You know, I could
make up sleep, babe. Yeah. I could make 30 X
with that money this year. She's like, you could.
Let's, let's start another path at the same time,
which is played out remarkably well. Yeah.
Like you're over here trading options and
she's buying bonds and it's a good balance.
Yeah. Yes. It's a balance. It's a balance. I like
that. Having your spouse on board, whatever system
works for you and with my wife, I think it's The
more information I can provide to her, the better.
And I'm doing that right now. You know, I'm really
building a business up on X and building a brand
and trying to productize my knowledge.
And I'm having to educate her about why it's
awesome that I got 300, 000 views of this post

[32:05]
about the bat houses. On the side of my house,
she's like, well, that's not relevant. I'm like,
it really is, you know, this kind of stuff.
So it's good. It keeps us connected too,
which is cool. Yeah. Okay. Last question.
So I have this like theory that basically
everyone is driven by their insecurities
for better or worse. Right. Like someone
who's homeless or they've just, they've had
a really rough life. Like insecurities drive
them to make bad decisions. Just like
maybe Steve jobs or Elon Musk, they're
driven to make business decisions that build
wealth because they've got daddy issues.
Maybe their dad abandoned them and it's
an insecurity. And I feel like anyone's
insecurity can drive them to do better or
worse things. And the differentiator is,
do we have self awareness of that insecurity? So
my question to you is, What are your insecurities
in like either currently or in the past?
Like, what have you had to overcome? What are you,
what's like in the back of your mind
that kind of drives you with regards

[33:01]
to an insecurity? I have a massive fear of
failure. Yeah. Even though I failed frequently,
I have fear of being seen as a failure by other
people. I care what other people think. I don't,
you know, it's not, it's not, we try to say
that and that's, Oh, you should never care.
I care. I care what my wife thinks. I care what
my kids think. I care what my neighbors think.
I care. I care. And I want to be perceived as
successful. My insecurity, fear of failing has
been the rock on my gas pedal for ever. I also
have a big insecurity about. Money in the sense
that I'm super intimidated by people that have
built wealth by working for other people.