[01:33]
﻿Okay, well, I've got Josh Scott here. Josh is the
owner of, what's your name of your business again,
Scott? I have two, Swim SRQ and Swim
Academy, both on the west coast of
Florida. Reason being there's two is SRQ is
actually the airport code of Sarasota. And
when I started this, I never really thought
about expanding beyond where we're at.
So I called it SumSRQ, it was a great name
locally. A lot of moms wear, you know,
trendy SRQ stuff, hats, t-shirts and whatnot, so
everybody got the name. But then as we expanded

[02:03]
we've gone up, north of Tampa. We had to
create an entirely different brand. It's
basically a clone of the website.
Everything's the same on the back end,
but we call that one just nice generic swim
academy. Okay. All right. So to put even
cleaner josh is the owner of two swim schools out
of sarasota florida I tweeted about swim schools
last week and it went viral and josh popped up
and he's like hey Let's talk swim schools.
And I thought that's an amazing idea.
So here he is and here we are. So Josh,
tell me about when you launched your swim school
and why you launched your swim school. Like what
was the triggering event that led you to launch
it? Totally. Yeah. My wife and I both come from
his competitive swimming background.
We were both college swimmers. I swam at
Syracuse. My wife swam at Cal Berkeley. So
swimming and coaching has been in our life
quite a bit. We moved from California in 2016
in California. I owned a swim team and a swim
school. I was more focused on the competitive side
and what I realized when I created that business,

[03:00]
I created a great job for somebody
or two people that wanted to do that
for the next 30 years of their life.
That wasn't me. I wasn't really passionate
about the coaching side anymore. I wanted to be
more. Involved in business and growing something
and scaling it. And I sold it to my partners and
we moved to Florida. So when we moved to Florida,
we had no intention of being in
the swimming industry. But around
that time, we had our first child.
And when he was about six months old,
we were looking around and. Looking at
the options for him to learn how to swim,
there wasn't really anything that was satisfactory
to us. And so my SRQ was born. So we started in
one lane of a rented pool and it just exploded
from there. So, so it means one of those
things when you grow up in the aquatic world,
it's kind of hard to get away from it.
It kind of sucks you back in. So that's where we
found ourselves. Okay. So what does it look like
to rent one lane from a pool? How do you, how does
one do that? You know, this industry is. Unique

[04:00]
in a lot of ways. And that a swim school means a
lot of different things. And for, that can mean
running out of your backyard pool.
That can mean renting a lane that can be
building the entire facility for us. We
really wanted to gauge demand. So I was
heavily involved in master swimming at the time,
which is basically. Adults swimming, training,
competing going to meets, for fitness to create
social activity, great way to meet people.
And I talked to my master's coach and he
said, Hey, you should go check this out
over there. I know somebody who's running an
adult learn to swim program, so they didn't
work with kids and they had a master lease
on this six lane pool and they barely used
it. Their model was to do week long clinics.
So that left the pool vacant for basically three
weeks out of the month and we essentially
approached them and just worked out a deal.
I think our first deal was about 500 bucks
a month to lease a lane. And we grew from
there. My wife had a pretty big name in
the area from her competitive days.
So we were able to get our first, 20, 30
clients simply posting on Facebook. With
her network, a lot of the people she swam with
when she was a kid, we're starting to have kids

[05:03]
at that time. So that's how we started. Then it
evolved from there. And We're still constantly
on the, hunt for quality lane space.
We have five locations now, very stable,
solid locations, but we've also, taken down
pools and worked out agreements willing to
be kicked out because the, owner didn't know
what they were signing up for with a number
of kids coming to the pool. So our model
is using those two facilities, but there's
definitely a double edged sword with that.
You really were at the point where we need
consistency. So we need to get with reputable
people. We have a contract with a national gym
chain that is definitely a very stable and
have been a great partner. We've gone the
country club route. We've gone even senior living
facilities. We've gone neighborhood pools.
We've worked with swim teams. So we
kind of know what we're looking for,
but we've tried a lot of different things
and, you know, Have great locations now,
but we've definitely solidified and then lost
locations for various reasons as well. So is
the surprise just that like a ton of kids are
showing up and it wasn't what they expected?

[06:02]
Maybe the expectations weren't exactly set on
the front end. Yeah. I mean, I always try to
set expectations on the front end. But a lot
of times there's multiple people making those
decisions and the person that make the final call
didn't necessarily approve it. So I'll give you
an example. I'll give you two examples.
Actually. This area of Florida and Sarasota,
you know, north and south is really just
exploding. And we, about two years ago,
we started at a country club. That's about,
20 miles south of us. It was a new market for
us. We advertise we're operating three weeks
and we got up to about 85 kids at the country
club and a couple members complained on Saturday
mornings that they didn't have their particular
lane or there were kids making noise.
So the GM just said, that's enough. So we
had spent all the resources to. Really do a great
job. Pre marketing. And I mean, 85 kids in three
weeks is awesome. That's a really, you know, you
could tell there was pent up demand. That was the
saddest part. They didn't have resources in that
area to help these kids learn how to swim.
So that was a situation where we were done
after less than a month. And then another

[07:00]
time. We actually had a great assisted living
facility in Tampa where they weren't using
the floor in the afternoon. A lot of the members
and residents there use the pool in the mornings
for their water exercise.
But, they were having dinner,
four and five o'clock they were hitting happy
hour up. It was actually a really nice facility.
It was a beautiful pool. So we would come
in around four and do lessons until eight,
but then the general manager left. And the
new duty general manager said, her insurance,
You know, carrier advised her not to continue,
even though we have our own insurance,
you know, we're definitely a book on that.
There was really no change. They just didn't want
us there. And then a lot of times I can't really
blame them. You know, it wasn't really. That much
money for them. The best partnerships are where
when you're on the same page and you have shared
incentives. So for example, the national gym
chain we work with, it's a percentage rent.
And the better we do, the better they do. And
they're in business just like us. So it's really
a light incentives. And when I'm approaching
people, I really look for win win partnerships,

[08:00]
just because that's going to be what, what carries
us for the long haul. Yeah. It's interesting how
the framing of that is completely different if
you're doing a percentage rent, because if you
go to this national gym chain and it's just
overrun with kids, the GM is like, nice.
Okay. Okay. Then more money for me. Right. Whereas
any other, like any other setup, it's like, Oh,
these stupid kids get them out. Right. Right.
And we work, I mean, this is still Florida. So
there are, there is a large community and a lot
of times they get used to their specific time. So,
I mean, they don't love kids being around when
they're trying to exercise and I get it.
It's definitely getting younger in my area,
but we still have a little bit of a ways to
go. Okay. So let's talk about that location
that you opened and then we're forced to
close 20 minutes South. I think you said of
Sarasota, how do you do that? How do you find
85 locations? Customers in a month, is that just
Facebook ads or something more creative?
Mainly Facebook guys. I mean, as far as client
acquisition, the way I look at it, I mean,
you're always counting on referrals and reviews
and this type of business as far as like word

[09:01]
of mouth. But I mean, from a digital marketing
perspective, AdWords is the base that's always
running because the intense hire, people
are actively looking for the service.
Facebook ads is a good shot in the arm when you
really need to build a list or expand quickly. So
because I've done this so many times, I'm really
good now at a grand opening special as far as
like getting building interest. But I mean, the
interest has to be there too. I mean, As good as
I can be on Facebook ads, this really spoke to the
pent up demand that was in the area because there
were a lot of people with children that could not
get some lessons or they had to drive, you know,
30, 40 minutes to us or somebody else south
just to get their kid to learn how to swim.
So my, how I do it as far as acquisition, I really
try to, when there's something to talk about, when
there's something new, I really try to hit the
Facebook and Instagram ads up and then use that to
get my base. And then. Obviously the product needs
to speak for itself. No matter how good you are
at advertising, you need to do a good job.
And then with our, industry it's kind of easier,

[10:00]
I think, than a lot of industries where we don't
really need to sell every parent knows their child
needs to learn how to swim. We need to prove
that we're capable of allowing them to achieve
that goal. And we're, a confident provider
and we kind of do things backwards.
Of the larger swim schools, put the focus in their
facility from day one. We've put the focus on our
instructors. We've done whatever it takes to
pay them, double and triple what they can make
at a regular franchise swim school. That being
said, our facilities are definitely not as nice,
but we really speak to the quality of the
product and, our clientele, they're there.
For the quality for the most part versus, you
know, the facility or any sort of bells. So
we make any water work, but once they're in that
water, our instructors are very professional. They
do a great job and they're the best in the area.
Okay. So I want to get back to the instructors in
a minute, but I'm curious if you mentioned Google
ads and we have a lot of success with Google ads
as well, because usually, you know, it's kind of
like Facebook ads are a lot more impulsive.

[11:00]
Like, Oh, you know what? I should get my kids
in swim lesson. Okay. But Google ads, it's like,
they're ready to pay right now for that service.
A hundred percent. Do you ever like Google ads
competitiveness in a market dictate going
to that market or not? Like, geez, nobody
is bidding on these keywords in Clearwater.
Like we need to open in Clearwater or does not,
does that not play into your decision making
at all? No, that's a really good question.
I've gotten to the point where I've opened in
so many locations where I can tell you if a
location is going to be successful based on the
demographics and the pool. And the problem with
our model is we are limited by the pool.
So we have to go where the pools are. And I
know that, you know, in our pre conversations,
we've talked about different. Methodologies and
opportunities. And I definitely have a big one
that I'm interested in pursuing that will allow
us to go different places in a cost effective way.
But as of now, when we look for these partners
we're kind of limited by where they are.
We're limited where the gyms are, the gyms
that will work with us. A lot of gyms don't want
swim schools. So. So I think that's a good idea,

[12:02]
but we're so hard up for the spaces we can go in
spaces that are actually appropriate for where we
want to conduct business and how we can conduct
business that hasn't been an issue yet.
So I guess that is the genius of having a
partnership with the gym chain is if you've
got three markets and you know that the gym and
all three of those markets exist and is willing
for you to go there. Then you might start looking
at the Google ads keyword competitiveness and say,
all right, let's go here first.
Cause I think we'll have the easiest shot at
succeeding here. Totally. A hundred percent. Okay.
So one of the things that I mentioned in my tweet,
and it was interesting because a lot of
people commented and they're like, yeah,
what the heck? My daughter was a swim instructor
and she made 14 an hour. But now that I do the
math, Your, her boss was making 350 an hour.
Yep. Does that play into your calculus? Or it's
like, like I can afford to pay someone 70 an
hour because she's going to be teaching three
people that are each paying me 60 an hour. You
know what I'm saying? Is that kind of part of

[13:01]
your math? Yeah. Yes. And no, I mean, I think
from day one, we looked at what the industry
standard was and we were appalled by it and
we wanted to do whatever we could to pay,
you know, As much as we could upfront.
And then we backed into our numbers based on
overhead. From that, and we do a lot of things
different. So basically I'll just tell you from
day one, I mean, we're six years old now.
We've started at 25 an hour from day one,
which sounded a lot better back then than it
does now. We have instructors making, close to
40 an hour and we're happy to do that.
If they can prove they get results. And the
way we do that is overhead. What people don't
understand is the boss isn't necessarily making
350 an hour in that situation because of what they
have to spend with overhead. The great thing, the
great thing about our model is that we control our
costs and we still have great margins while paying
our people and our instructors very well.
There's definitely different ways you can go
about it. And I think it speaks to what you are
actually selling. I mean, I think it speaks to

[14:03]
the model and how you're operating. What is your
product? So for example everyone does group swim
lessons. The standard group swim lesson in like a
franchise swim school would be four to one.
We start three to one with our first three
levels for beginner. And I think there's
a huge difference in that as far as quality,
but we also offer private lessons. We do about
35 percent private lessons, which is, very
rare for a swim school of our size. But my
thought on it is that kids learn differently.
And I think one of the things that you spoke to
that was very. I kind of wanted to be triggered by
your post, but at the same time, I'm like, yeah,
he's got some points there, you know, so, so like
when you're incentivized, a lot of these schools
are incentivized for the kids not to learn
how to swim, that's not okay with me.
I mean, we need to get these, it's mean as quickly
as possible, but then it's up to us to sell them
on the, activity. And that was the, one of the
one things I went. One of the things I wanted
to address about your commenters, it's really not
a binary system of like swim or no swim. It's the

[15:01]
process to get them swimming, which obviously we
want to happen as quickly as possible, but then
it does become an activity and it becomes a skill
that people want to take to the next level.
And they want to learn a stroke. So it's
not just a matter of if your child can swim,
a lot of people come to us Wanting their child to
swim, but then they're with us three years because
the child keeps progressing and then eventually
joins a swim team. So it's like gymnastics,
just because your child can do a somersault.
That doesn't mean they know gymnastics. They want
to do the next skill. So, with that, my philosophy
has always been that. We need to do what's best
for the child. And some kids learn better
in a group, watching other kids perform
the skill. Other people do better in a private
lesson, but they get one on one attention.
I've this is actually really opened my eyes
to the value of a group because I was always
from the competitive world. I was a one on one
guy. I always thought the private lesson was the
best bang for your buck, but there's a lot of
kids, especially kind of feel fearful kids that
might be afraid of the water that do better in
a group, watching them perform the skill.

[16:00]
So my take on it is we have to do what's best.
For the child and what's best for the client
and the rest takes care of itself. Are we losing
clients a couple months, prior to your franchise
swim school, maybe, but in my business, the
way I look at it doesn't matter because that
will come back tenfold on word of mouth.
It's kind of like the unethical way to do this
would be what I insinuated in my tweet. And
that's like, just keep them coming back. Like,
just keep them coming back no matter what.
And the ethical way to do this is like,
teach them to really find a deep love for swimming
progress and they want to learn this.
And maybe you start timing them and it's like,
Hey, how about you do a lap in 10 seconds now?
Yeah. Is that kind of what you're saying? Yeah.
Totally. And that's been our philosophy from day

[17:08]
one. When we speak to clients on the phone is we
want to instill a love of the water. And because
when a child wants to come back, they will take
it farther than if they're being forced to come
back or just going through the motion.
So that's a really core part of our curriculum
is really trying to instill that love in the
water, love of the water. When we started,
it was basically just us and the local YMCA
and we got a flood of clients. But since then,
pretty soon after, actually, we've We have had
two franchise swim schools come into our market,
and I have no issue with competition,
but I'd rather they not be there.
I'd rather have no competition than have the
competition. Yeah, of course. The end result is
it's done nothing but help our business because
it's served as a point of comparison. And so
people we. We will get people that will spend
six months of the competitor and then come to
us. So it's really allowed in our market.
There to be comparison, which I think is a
good thing. I mean, especially if you're on
top as far as quality. So it's been really

[18:03]
interesting to watch that process. Because I had
no experience with that side of the business and,
how they run things, nobody really
taught us how to run a swim school.
We've kind of had to figure it out on our own
and we've just had our own values based on our
background. So it's been really interesting
to watch the competitors come in and there's
definitely, you know, Obviously they wouldn't
exist if they weren't doing a good job and making
money But I think they've had some challenges
in this market versus a more urban market For
example, one of the competitors they tried to
poach one of my employees to be their assistant
gm You A couple years ago, and I know for a
fact they weren't profitable after two and a
half years going into that third year.
They, and part of speaking to the model,
they needed 700 kids a week to break even. Whereas
we're essentially profitable from day one from,
you know, using a smaller model. Whereas if we
get a location up to 200 kids, that's great,
but we're making a good amount of
money off that. Whereas they need
700 kids a week to keep the lights on.
I mean, that's not even, that's before the

[19:00]
owners actually pay themselves. I'm rambling
here. That's how it kind of all fits in with
the nuances of the industry. Yeah. I'm thinking
like if you sign up with a gym that says we're
going to, and I'm making this number up, we're
going to take 30 percent of your revenue.
And then day one completely fails. You have
one private lesson paying 50 bucks an hour.
You're paying your instructor 25 bucks
an hour. You're literally profitable,
not big numbers, but profitable. You didn't
have to spend a million bucks building out a
pool in a shopping center. And to be fair,
there is a floor in the agreement.
So they're making money no matter what. So it's
kind of on us to get above that hop. Okay. So
we have to pay them a few thousand a month, no
matter what. But I mean, that's, fair. I mean,
it's on us and we should, I mean, We should
be able to get the 75 kids. We need to break
even. I mean, that's on us. If you can't do that,
then you're probably in the wrong business.
So tell me about like the unit economics of your
business. How many locations are you at as much
as you're willing to share? Like, what is your
revenue? Like, what, do you expect your EBITDA
to be like per location after being open a year,
like. Let's talk about that. Totally. I mean,
collectively we have five locations.
We are a seven figure swim school. Margins

[20:03]
vary between 30 and 35 percent. The way we do it,
if comparing that somebody with our model that
would be a franchise, there is a franchise that
uses our model of use it. I mean, I mean, I guess
we use their model. They were around first, but
they use the same model of hosted facilities.
They're about 25 percent, 20 to 25 percent
margins. And that's because of the royalty
fee. So it's essentially the same business. When
you're building a swim school, for the most part,
20 percent is the goal. If you can get up
to 25 percent margins on a, built facility,
you'll definitely have private equity
calling and, looking to be acquired.
That's a really good number. We are a
seven figure swim school. Like I said,
we have five locations. We shoot, I mean, 200 kids
of L location is great for us. The actual EBITDA
per location varies widely because of the lease
deal. So for example, some of the gems I have
it is a percentage rent So we can never really
I mean the downside is we can never really get
away from that As far as the better we do.
I mean I look pain and rent last month just on

[21:02]
the gems It was like it was like when you
pay a lot in taxes It's like oh crap i'm
paying a lot of taxes But then you have the
luxury of paying that much in taxes like oh,
I actually made the money to pay that So we have
two gems that have that percentage deal.
We have a gym. That's a flat rate Which
has been a great location for us. We
actually You Refurbish an old pool about five
years ago. It's an outdoor pool. So we had to
do all new mechanicals new filtration things
like that. We spent you know over six figures
in that and we have a base rent on that So when
we get a but we pay i'll just tell you we pay
fifteen hundred dollars a month in rent we pay
You know, 900 to a thousand in utilities.
We do all the chlorine. I mean, looking
at it, we're probably about 3000 to 3,
500 a month all in. So that's the incentive,
right? If we can really blow up that location,
all that profits ours. Our fifth location is
super interesting. And this kind of just speaks
to my wife and I, as entrepreneurs, we're
constantly looking for opportunities.
So we really would like to build eventually,
cause we think we have the model to do it and

[22:03]
do it profitably. But construction costs,
interest rates, real estate, it's all just
super high right now across the country, but
particularly in our neck of the woods. So we
look for buildings with existing pools.
We were able to find a building that's actually
a residential house with an indoor pool founded
about two years ago. It was on the market,
long story short, it came back on the
market. We got it into contract and
you know, we wanted to make sure we
could run a business out of it. Florida
actually passed a law during COVID.
That nobody can prevent you from running a
home based business provided you meet certain
criteria So what we were able to do one of
those criteria is the people that work there
have to live there So we're actually leasing
it to our instructors They are teaching
lessons out of this facility and we can
bring it up to three additional employees.
So it's a super boutique location, indoor pool,
tied to a residential property, and it's become
a great location for us. So that's a little bit

[23:00]
different because we actually own the property. So
it's not as profitable as a standalone facility,
but we are paying down the mortgage over
30 years, which is a huge win for us.
So yeah, our kind of appreciation, we can make
any sort of water. Yeah, we just need to pool.
What about like, I mean, cause you're in Sarasota,
is there like a bay or like an something outdoor
that you could use, like in the ocean, not
like the, you know what I'm saying?
Right. Yeah, yeah, no, no, no. We've thought about
that. Two issues. One is insurance. Nobody will
insure you for that. Insurance has become very
difficult in our industry. A lot of big carriers
are dropping swim schools for liability reasons.
And two, Even our outdoor pool isn't really
ideal because of weather and the summer.
And this was something coming from California.
I never really had that perspective because
we would see lightning like once every three
years. In the summer in Florida, you have the
risk of lightning literally every day. So,
our indoor pools that doesn't affect
us. We can keep going outdoor pool.
Obviously you have to clear So we're transitioning
where we're not really looking for more outdoor

[24:01]
pools or outside exposure I think if you were
in like san diego I would totally do an outdoor
pool because I think you get in for much cheaper
And you could do things to make it warm, with the
ambient temperature and obviously you can heat the
water So, But in Florida, it's just tough.
It's a lot of stress. I don't regret a thing about
how we built it up, but it's definitely taken a
couple of years off my life, monitoring weather
and shifting things around. Yeah. Okay. So let's
say, this, what if you were young entrepreneur
you'd like to swim, you swam in high school,
you want to start a business, you live in Phoenix,
Arizona, and you want to do a model like this,
what would you advise them to do, like
knowing everything that, you know,
now could you use something like Swimpley?
To find someone's pool. Yeah. I mean, Swimpley
would be a great model if you could get the person
to agree to it and you had the proper insurance.
But that's the thing about our industry is anybody
can enter, especially in Arizona, California,
Texas. Florida. A lot of the franchises have
struggled in Florida for two reasons.
One being anybody can teach some lessons. So
the model client, a lot of clients actually

[25:03]
prefer you going to them. I mean, we'll really
all would. And we were in that business for a
while and we still do it, but we purposely like
really inflate the rate just to make it worth our
time. Because the problem with that model from
somebody like me is you're hiring instructors
and instructors driving 30 minutes to do a
30 minute lesson and then vice versa.
So you're getting. Four hours of lessons in
and an eight hour day. Conversely, if you're
an independent person, like if you're somebody
who loves swimming, I would absolutely do that
model. And you can make a great living doing that.
You can make a hundred thousand dollars a year,
probably working nine months out of
the year, going to backyard pools
or having people come to your pool.
If you want to scale it, then that presents
a whole new set of challenges. And that's where
somebody like me would be now. And the next step
for somebody like me would be to take to graduate.
And if it was financially feasible to build. But
I would say If I was a young entrepreneur, I
would absolutely start with mobile lessons.

[26:00]
There are websites that serve as platforms.
They do take a significant fee, but I think
if you could just market yourself you'll get
plenty of clients. And that's the thing too.
We talked about kind of the downside of the
industry. If you were somebody like you're
talking about, or even somebody like me.
I would set up right next to a franchise swim
school and offer private lessons because
that's your differentiator right there. If
they're doing four to one, five to one, six to
one in a group, you could charge a premium for
that one on one attention. And it's, it may
not necessarily be something that scales and
you can't do it in every market just because
of weather and lack of access to pools.
But I think if you're in Arizona, like
you referenced, or any of the states
we've mentioned, you You could absolutely
create a very solid business just going to
people's houses. And then you could figure out
where you want to take it from there. Yeah. So
I live in northeast suburbs of DFW and have
you ever heard of Emler swim school?
They're kind of a big name here. And then, so
there's one in Allen, somewhat nearby to me.
And then one just opened like three minutes down
the road. Big blue swim school. You heard of them?

[27:05]
Oh yeah, there's a franchise war with private
equity. And Dallas is actually one of the hottest
markets in the country as far as saturation.
There seems to be a lot of swim schools to me. I
don't know how they're all doing. Emler's
incredibly sharp. They acquired the CEO,
acquired that when they had about 12 locations.
So the original founder of Emler did a great job,
got a great price on it, probably
eight, nine years ago now.
And they are private equity backed and they are
off of the races. So all those people that you're
talking about, the big blues. The emlers, the
safe splashes. They are really trying to, they're
calling everybody. They're calling owners like me.
They're really trying to build their portfolio and
emlers, they're doing a great job.
It's obviously a different model than
what I'm doing, but they're playing
the game. Yeah. Emler opened in this,
like a strip mall down the road and then big blue,
they opened in this, it was an abandoned kind of a

[28:02]
big box warehouse. It's the same place that it
becomes a spirit Halloween every October.
So. It, there's like a target around the corner,
but it's just, you could just tell it's one of
those strip malls. It's overbuilt. We were talking
about this before this recording, but I went and
looked at the franchise disclosure documents of
what it costs to build one of these things. And
I can't imagine what it would like what mid six
figures to add a pool inside like an old coals or
something like that's a lot of money.
Big blue came on pretty aggressively about
three or four years ago and they released a
statement back when we were like, A year in
and I was freaking out because they seemed
like they were going to take over the world,
but they're probably the most expensive model
because I believe their model is two pools and
their whole thing is if you have a family of three
or four, like all the kids could do the lessons at
the same time, and with that, you need X amount
of instructors, X amount of classes offered.
So they're about convenience. A big, they
build big pools. I mean, I would say an average
franchise, it would be anywhere from like, I
looked at the franchise disclosure for a smaller,

[29:03]
One relative to big blue. And I think it was
1. 3 to 2. 6 as far as to build it. Big blue
is going to be even more than that, just because
they really do a good job with their facilities,
but it is a massive undertaking.
And that's something even in the industry,
I can't. Wrap my head around that. And I
don't think they couldn't have the volume of
students in a place like Sarasota to justify
that. So I think that it's, they're very,
I think Dallas makes sense. I think
they're very, they have a lot of locations
and I think they're based out of Chicago.
I think they have a lot going on in like Virginia,
by the DC area. So those markets make sense. But
when you're that big. You're limited on where
you can go. At least in my opinion, as far as to
justify the build out, because I mean, I could,
that could easily be 5 million build out. Do you
ever use like, I don't know what it's called.
Kind of like referral marketing to get new
customers where it's like a parent comes to
you and like, Hey I want private lessons. And
you're like, well, it's, 70 bucks an hour. Ah,
I can't afford that. And then you can say,
well, If you bring three friends and you're

[30:03]
okay with like group lessons within
friends, it's 40 bucks an hour.
That could be a smart way of just acquiring
more customers, right? Have you, is that
just like table stakes for the industry or is
that a more unique way of acquiring customers?
Yeah. We haven't really found the software I've
experimented and dabbled in it. I haven't really
found a consistent, effective way to do that.
We've done referral bonuses. You know, For the
most part, people aren't motivated by that
from what I've seen. I know the franchises,
what they'll do is they'll give away free
lessons to influencers. And that's like a
very big thing. And we've actually had people
come to us after their, four month package
ran out and they were the influencer.
They didn't pay for it. Then they start to
pay us and their kids actually learn how
to swim. So that's very common as far as
posting and then generating the reviews giving
the lessons away for free. We probably could,
there's probably something there, but I
mean, as far as the referral mechanism,
we haven't really found the software to track
it other than referral codes on our website
and we just haven't really needed to.
I mean, I think this is the type of thing

[31:03]
where people recognize the quality and, they know
their kids need some lessons. So it's definitely
something if I could do it in an efficient
way, I'd love, I'm always down to test new
things. I really. Think that could be valuable. We
haven't really had the need to do that yet.
What about we were talking earlier about like the
ethical and unethical way to keep your customers,
right? What if you had a handful of kids that
they've learned how to swim? They're good. Their
parents said, thank you so much. You're amazing.
We're moving on. Could you ever offer like a,
like an organized play group, like a group
swim where it's like, all right, listen,
you have been paying X bucks a month, but
instead, why don't you just pay this?
And like every Thursday. We'll get together
and we'll just have like a pool party,
like an organized pool party here. Is that viable?
Let me answer that two ways. One, if you look at
the average swim school, they do birthday
parties. They do open swim as an additional
stream of income to pay for the facility.
The way our pool contracts work out, we can't do

[32:04]
that. Cause we have to be with, they have to be
with the instructor. So just based on our model,
it's not really app. I met like with an
instructor being with an instructor. Sorry.
So what we have done is we were sending a
lot of kids to the local swim teams.
We have two great swim teams in Sarasota. They
do a great job, but they were coming from,
three, four or five kids in their class.
To 40 kids in a group with one coach
and they would come back and like, what the heck
is this? So we actually created a pre competitive
swim team. One because it's a great bridge to
The actual swim team that will prepare them more
to from a business side It holds on the clients
longer and they like us they like our instructors
So we do have that like I already said that most
of our classes are either three to one or four
to one We actually have a 12 to one group.
That is a We call it a pre competitive swim team
It's for kids that want to go to a swim team
one day You but just want to work on strokes a
little more, build up endurance. It's also
for kids that have no desire to compete,
but like swimming. So we've kind of done that
in a way, as far as open swim, I haven't really

[33:03]
seen a viable model to make that work.
It's financially, I mean, birthday parties
can work, but it's kind of this, the hassle that
we haven't had to deal with based on our model.
But. To answer your question, we have done the
the pre competitive swim team as a bridge to an
actual swim team. Okay. Now I don't know if
you're anything like me or not, but anytime
I'm running a business, I always see these
kind of tangential opportunities, right?