[00:00]
﻿Let's say you were to take all of your knowledge
and gun to your head. Someone says, Raymond,
you've got to move to Dallas, Texas, because
Vegas is like such a unique market. And let's
say you've got to move to Dallas. You're
starting from scratch. You don't have any
relationships. All you have is your knowledge and
you've got to start this business in Dallas.
Or Baltimore or Minneapolis. What would you
do differently or the same to do that?
All right. Welcome to the Kerner office. Today. I
interviewed Raymond. He is the owner of a Sprinter
van luxury limo rental service out of Vegas, and
he's grown like crazy. I met him through a mutual
friend. And it's a really cool business. They
spend 176 grand to outfit a brand new Mercedes
sprinter van, and then they rent it out for
170 bucks an hour to celebrities, hotels,
individuals, bachelor parties, you name it.
He's grown really fast. And what's interesting
is despite the crowded market of Vegas, he's
pretty convinced that It's under-saturated
that business in Vegas. And so I really
wanted to ask him like, okay, Vegas is cool,

[01:02]
but 99 percent of us don't live there. How would
you launch this in Minneapolis or Dallas?
Or what tangential business ideas are you
seeing in the space that others could launch
if they don't want to launch a Sprinter van
rental service? Like, is there a CRM or a
lead gen service or a travel planning service?
I'm kind of obsessed lately with asking business
owners that question. What other ideas are you
seeing that you're too focused to execute on?
I think that's going to kind of be a core
pillar of this podcast is that one question,
because that's all what we're here for, right?
We want to hear ideas and we want to specifically
hear ideas from credible people that know
those ideas better than anyone. So anyway,
I've talked enough. Enjoy this episode.
We talked real hard numbers. And I hope you
learned something tangible that you can apply
to your everyday lives. And please, please,
please share this with everyone. You know,
even if it's just your grandma. Okay. Well,
why don't we just get started, Raymond? Why don't
you tell us all who you are and what you do?
All right. So my name is Raymond and I
am the owner or co owner. I should say my

[02:02]
partner is my significant other of exclusive
livery. We are a transportation company,
if you want to call it a limousine
provider, in Las Vegas, Nevada. How
would you describe a livery? Because that's
a new word to me, I'm not going to lie.
So a livery, it's a really cool
word actually. What a livery is,
it's a service with a driver. It's the olden days
term that they use with a horse and carriage.
So back in the day, for anybody watching all
the shows on Netflix right now, back in the day,
if a carriage came to your house and you had
a driver, that was a livery service.
So when you travel to the East Coast still,
or you travel to Chicago, a lot of the cities,
they do a lot of, They call it a livery service.
It's very big there. It's a black car service,
whether it may be a sedan or an SUV. And it
has a driver. Okay. So you own a business in

[03:00]
Las Vegas with very fancy, nice decked out
sprinter vans, and you charge by the hour,
I assume to take exclusive people to
exclusive places to and from, right?
Yes, that's a, that's correct. We came up
with, uh, the exclusive want exclusive. Okay.
I love that. Yeah. You got to put that front and
center on your website. Absolutely. Okay. So how
long have you been in business and what was the
idea that first told you, huh, this is something
that I should try. So we've been in business
now, this is going into our second year.
So I was a GM prior my background, just a
little quick background. I was in hospitality
for so many years in hotel management and
hospitality here in Las Vegas. So, you know,
really good training background. All about
customer service and building relationships.
And so over the years, I was a GM for two
companies prior to having our own.
And we did really well. We were successful with
those companies. I helped build the companies to
a good platform. And then when it was time for us
to kind of branch out and start our own, it just

[04:05]
seemed like perfect timing. And so we're like,
let's do it. What did that conversation or that
sentence look or sound like when you first had
the very serious idea of, I need to do this.
Like I need to invest 150 grand into a van and
start this business. I've seen what the business
is, what it was and what it can be. And the first
sentence I said, man, I want to be different.
And I told my partner, my fiancee, Sandra, I said,
you know, What do you think about us opening our
own and creating this brand, this image, something
that's so tomorrow, so different that we take
this business and we take this transportation
industry to the next level in Las Vegas?
Was there someone that you saw doing this?
And they were just doing really well. That
made you think, man, if they can do this, I
can do this. Oh, absolutely. The people that
I worked for as a GM, they were friends of
mine. They started their company. I want to

[05:02]
say about 15 years ago. And we worked together in
hotels and they asked me to build with them.
And like I said, we were so successful with the
building of theirs that I thought to myself,
man, if we did so good with theirs
and I have more ideas that. You know,
that I want to do into my own. This is the
perfect opportunity for us. So you help
them build their limo service. Yes. Yes. What
role specifically did you play with that?
Did you have to go find customers? Did you have to
deal with the manufacturer? What role did you have
specifically? I did a lot of the marketing. I did
the customers getting the accounts, the day to day
operations, just with dealing with the drivers,
making sure that drivers were on point with their
service that, you know, we were.
On top of everything, our big thing was,
let's go after these accounts that can make us
busy throughout the days, you know, accounts that
are corporate accounts, but they're also accounts
that could turn into other events or other rides

[06:04]
for us. So our big thing was, let's go after
convention people coming into Las Vegas.
They're here for meetings. They need
transportation to and from the convention,
their hotel, the airport. So And so that's exactly
what we did. So what does that look like? You want
to attack the convention business? Did you start
cold calling like? How did you find them? So,
I mean, little by little, there was,
we got in good with the hotels.
We have probably about four hotels. We have
really good relationships with, so their sales
and their marketing team brought us on board as a
vendor. And we would go to their group meetings,
go and join, give, give our idea of what they
should do for their transportation. So let's say,
for example, they had 500 people coming in.
We'd say, perfect. We're going to have greeters
at the airport. We're going to run shuttles
round Robin from the airport to the hotel,
and we're going to have greeters there. So it's
all a big service. You know, you want people to

[07:02]
feel welcome. You want people to not be lost,
right? And you want to get them from point A to
point B in a safe manner, but in a really.
You want them to feel comfortable. You want them
to feel like they were looked after totally. We
started building little by little with the groups.
And just from there, it kind of spiraled into
something bigger. And then we were doing a lot of
big groups, a lot of big corporations. So instead
of calling like the sands convention center,
you're calling like the plaza or just the
hotels or the casinos that are doing.
Quote, smaller, smaller for Vegas, bigger for
the rest of the world doing these conventions,
and they don't want to be in the van business
or the logistics business. They want to be
in the hotel slash convention business. So you
basically call them and raise your hand and say,
Hey, can I be an approved vendor?
Like, can I sit in your meetings? Like. I
know the business, I've been in the business, I
know who's screwing up and how they're screwing
up and I know how to do it better. Is that
kind of the pitch? That is, that is exactly
the pitch. So let's say you were an outsider.
You have the same business idea, but you don't

[08:01]
have the experience that you did have.
How would you have attacked launching this
business differently as an outsider? Like how
do most people launch this business? You would
have to do your groundwork. You have to put
in the groundwork. You have to go. Las Vegas
is small. It's all about relationships. Everybody
knows each other here. If you're an outsider and
you were never in this business and you were say
like, Hey, that seems like pretty lucrative.
I think I'm going to try that. And I'm. Good at
logistics, or I'm good at managing people. Maybe
I can try to do this. So you would have to
start with the building a relationship with
someone first at a hotel or some kind of account
that you can have, even if it's a small account
where you're doing a shuttle service for.
Let's say a restaurant or a gun range or one of
these, there's so many vendors in Vegas, right?
You start a foundation and you start to build off
that foundation and you build relationships.
So that's the only, you know, that's the way
to get in. Once you get in and you have that
groundwork set, it took me some years.
I could probably safely say that I have about
eight years of groundwork in to where we are now.

[09:04]
To be comfortable that now my book of clients
and the relationships are pretty solid. Yeah,
I feel like you're unintentionally underselling
the strategy of what you've done. I feel like
most people would go into it and they'd
see the flashing lights and the allure
of the business and like, man, I could take
Taylor Swift from a point A to point B.
And I feel like most people would buy a van and
launch direct to consumer and say, all right,
how am I going to find people? And. That
I feel like that's the wrong way. Like you
could probably have success doing that, but you
attack this with, I want to talk to one that
can get me 100 rides. And most people, they
want to go one to one, to one, to one.
Is that right? That is correct. You know,
we looked at the big picture. We weren't
looking at the one to one to one, like I said,
we were looking at the one to 1000 or 10, 000,
you know, now we have phone calls. That
even amazed me sometimes. And it's like,
I can't believe you have my number.
Yeah. And they're like, Oh yeah,

[10:02]
this person passed it from this person.
And we heard you guys did great. So we'd love
to use your service. That's super satisfying.
That's amazing. So let's say you were to take all
of your knowledge and gun to your head. Someone
says, Raymond, you got to move to Dallas, Texas
because Vegas is like such a unique market. You've
got like Vegas, Macau, like maybe one or two other
markets that are even similar to Vegas.
And let's say you've got to move to Dallas.
You're starting from scratch. You don't
have any relationships. All you have is
your knowledge and you've got to start this
business in Dallas or Baltimore or Minneapolis.
What would you do differently or the same to
do that? We talk about this a lot, actually,
as it's a big picture for us down the line.
I think that's going to be something. But what I
would do is, I mean, the first thing is I would
go to the hotels. Being my hotel background,
you know, that would be my attack. I would
go to the big hotels in Dallas. I'd go to the
Ritz. I'd go to the Four Seasons. I'd go to the
Would you walk in or would you call them?

[11:04]
You know, I would probably call at first
to see who the contacts are. I'd find the
director of front services or the vice president
of operations, and I'd get their contact info. I'd
shoot them an email, but I would show up. I would
show up really sharp. You know, I'd, I'd show up.
I'd introduce myself. Hey, I'm Raymond.
I have a hotel background. I've been in this
industry and we're moving our transportation
service here. And in cities like that,
where the airports are kind of far away
from the hotels, you know, cities like that,
a service, a black car service, or a
sprinter service, it's ideal. I don't
even think some of these cities have enough.
services, you know, that's hence Uber and all this
other stuff that people are utilizing because
they don't, there's not enough because I mean,
the Vegas airport, it's basically right at
the South end of the strip, right? Right.
Right. We're the one city, I think in the U S that
we're literally 15 minutes from the airport.

[12:04]
Not even some rides are five minutes. And how
much of your business is airport dependent,
right? Other two are from 50 percent at least
because everybody has to come in and everybody
has to go out. We've come up with ideas. How
could we have business? That's not. Dependent
on travelers or tourists or people coming on,
you know, how can we service the locals?
How can we build relationships in the clubhouses?
And how could I build relationships in Henderson
and in Summerlin? The people that need the service
for birthday parties, weddings, all this stuff,
how could I build these relationships? Yeah,
I mean, that way it can be more recurring,
more predictable, not dependent on
the next big conference, right?
Right, right. So it's hard, you know, with
any business, you figure out your patterns,
right? You figure out how your income is
going to come in, all that stuff. We try to
look at how can I, have it so that I, on a monthly
basis, I know that, Hey, for example, we have some

[13:07]
friends over at Dragon Ridge Country Club and I
want to service all the country club members.
So I want to set up a service for them,
exclusive for them that they can use to
and from concerts. Now these people are probably
Raiders ticket holders. They're going to. All
kinds of events. They might be flying in and out
for business. I want to service them and I want
to do it throughout the week, 24 seven.
Maybe a Cirque du Soleil every Friday night or
something. Something. Yes. So, you know, it's, you
know, or even set up a shuttle from the outlying
places in the city, like a Lake Las Vegas, let's
set up a shuttle for the members every Friday,
Saturday, where they go into the city. And
then they're going to go have dinner.
Maybe a lot of them don't want to drive, you
know, it's a 35 minute drive. So we could
set up that shuttle. We could put them in our
sprinter. It's really nice. It's comfortable.

[14:01]
They'll ride. They'll have a good time. They'll
have a drink on the way there. It's fantastic.
Okay. So you brought up the sprinter.
So let's talk about what does it cost to
outfit one of these to your desire? Like,
what does it cost to just buy one as is?
Plus all the outfitting. Okay. So typically
you buy these sprinters from a certified
builder. It's a certified builder through
Mercedes Benz and there's an, you know,
a number of them throughout the States.
And we deal a lot with one next door to us in
California. It's formerly known as LA customs and
it was bought by ADF. And so they outfit. For us

[15:03]
now they do something special for us because
they outfit for a lot of other providers here
in Las Vegas being so close We wanted ours to
be different So my fiance and I we designed
a little different interior and we asked for
straighter lines And so that it was custom to
ours and that nobody else would have that.
So he did that for us and I believe they were
approximately 174, 000. Wow. Okay. Now, how much
would that sprinter cost if you just bought it
and didn't touch it? So if I were just to buy it
from the factory incomplete vehicle, it would be
about 79, 000 roughly. Okay. So a hundred grand
to make this according to your standard.
Right. Right. And that seems to be the market,
the, yeah. Okay. The 150, 150 brand new out
the door is kind of the market. Any little
extras you add are, you know, the additional,
do you think your competitors are paying as
much or there's not as nice? So I think that

[16:00]
they're paying close to what we're paying.
I like to believe that ours are a little bit
nicer just because we designed a little bit
of a higher end image inside of them. I like
to believe that we wanted ours to be more
of a sprinter limo. That can be corporate,
but can be turned into party mode, you know, most
people's sprinter is known as a party bus.
And so we want it to be, you know, the exclusive
way to travel. This is the new limousine. This is
the new trend going into the future. You know,
stretch limos aren't really a thing anymore. So
how do we make this interior look like a stretch
limo, but it's super comfortable. You don't have
to crawl in, you know, you walk onto it.
The lighting is nice and bright. It's clean. The
lines are straight. You know, you have TVs, you
have music, and you have all this at the control
that we give you an iPad. Everybody gets an iPad.
Yeah, it's really neat. And so it's a really
unique experience. And so we like to believe
that we're setting a standard much higher.

[17:04]
Do you get any business directly from customers or
is it all coming through your hotel partners? Oh,
I mean, we get customers all the time from
customers. I get business from affiliates. I mean,
everybody, you know, they always know, like
anyone that sends us business knows that.
We're going to provide a great service.
People are always going to be happy and it's
going to turn into many more rides as it grows
from, as it's branching out. What are your unit
economics look like? What do you charge the
hotel versus just an end customer that comes
to you? Is there a difference? Is it the
same? Is it hourly? Is it per trip?
How does that look? For the ones that are hotel
customers, we try to give them a 10 percent
discount. That's a contracted thing through
the hotels. Our retail rates per hour, just,
you know, standard. We have two different rates,
a weekday rate and a weekend rate or holiday

[18:00]
rates are special typically. But typically those
range from anywhere from 150 to 175 per hour.
And then the hotel rate would just be the 10
percent discount. That would be the difference
if you came through a hotel. Now, a lot of the
times the hotel will cover the costs for some of
their guests, but if they have it go through their
concierge or something like that, then we'll do a,
we'll do kind of like a referral service to their
concierge where we'll take care of them.
We'll give them a commission for booking the
cars. And do you have a minimum? So if someone
only rides 10 minutes across town, is it 150
bucks? Yeah. So it's any ride is typically
the hour rate. I want to build business. I don't
want to, I don't want people to feel that they're
taken advantage of. I don't want people to be
like, Oh, we didn't get our money's worth.
So, you know, I always tell them if there's ever
a time you book again, and there can be a little
bit of extra time, we're not clock watchers.
We'll take care of people like that. And we'll
make extra couple stops and maybe we'll give
them a little bit of a break. Or even like

[19:02]
if it's distance, you know, everything here in
Las Vegas is based on, Hours and distance.
So if you're off the strip, it's, which is
called out of the box and kind of our terms,
if you're off the strip, a lot of people
charge like a two hour rate to go out. We
could do without charging the two hour rate
because our office and our base of operation
isn't on the strip. We're based kind of in the
local side, so we can just leave it as that.
It's an hourly charge. If you take a group
of people and they're bar hopping there,
whether they're in the car or not, like they're
paying 150 to 175 an hour for as long as they get
access to the car, right? You're coming to Vegas
and you're going to go bar hopping like you said,
right? You and you're like, oh,
we're going to do 6 o'clock.
We're going to go to this bar 8 o'clock.
We're going to go to this bar 10 o'clock. Now,
I tell people you can book each individual ride
and the drivers will show up at those times for

[20:00]
those rides. However, it's best if you just
booked from six to ten, you know, it might be
a little bit more in the hours or something like
that, but that driver now stays with you.
Nobody else gets in in between your rides. You
could leave your personal things on there. If your
times change, whether they're earlier or later,
there's no problem because it's yours. What is
your average ticket size? Anywhere from two, three
hours to 12 hour days. A lot of our clients for
these big events, Superbowl F1, you know, all
these events, they're 12 hour bookings.
Typically, and they lock up a sprinter for 12
hours regardless if they're going to use it
for the 12 hours or not, but they want that
to be there. And is that driver just kind
of sitting there hanging out waiting for the
event to be over? He can't go out and double
rent it because it's reserved for them.
The drivers always stand by close. Like you
have to be mindful of all the hotels in the space
because all the hotels don't have all the space,
right? So you want. The drivers to hang
out close. We always tell the clients,

[21:03]
Hey, text us five, 10 minutes before you're ready
to come out. The driver will pull in the driveway
and be ready for you to hop right in.
Now, do you have like a texting service or are
they just texting the driver directly? So we have
both, you know, Verizon's awesome. They have this
new one talk. It's your office phone. These can
be also on your personal phones and they could be,
you know, so we're going to transition to
that. I, my fiance is really big on.
Let's get the drivers, all their business
work phones, you know, and let's have them
text through the work line. That way it looks
super professional. Okay. And what do you have to
pay your drivers? Like what's market rate in that
area? Our drivers are commercial drivers license.
They're CDL drivers. They get paid anywhere from
20 to 30 an hour, depending on the jobs.
And then there's some drivers that we have like
an hourly versus commission type basis as well.
Okay. So they can actually go out and like
solicit business basically. They're like, Hey,

[22:02]
you know, we're. We can find our own business
and we'd like to be, you know, on a commission
base and we can show you. And so those drivers,
we give them an opportunity to see, you know,
what they can bring to the table as well.
And I kind of do something where each month I
look at what did they bring and should they go
up or In the commission scale or should they
go down and how are they doing that? Are they
just pulling up to groups of people and saying,
Hey, come on, come run. So that, you
know, everybody has relationships.
It's and it's not relationships. It's not
free game. Every the city. Is major politics,
you know, every hotel, a lot of regulation. Yeah,
there's a lot of regulation. There's providers at
every hotel. So, you know, there's rules and
stipulations that everybody goes by out there
to have respect for one another.
And so we work with a couple of hotels
exclusively, so we have rights to those
doors, which is nice. And so we've built
the relationships and even our drivers
are now so good with them that they end

[23:03]
up going there and. Getting rides from those
places. Okay. So how is your growth looking
right now? Are you growing pretty fast?
I probably want us to grow faster than we are
growing. And I'm fast forwarding probably
a year and a half, two years in my mind,
just because I'm, I'm happy with the growth and
I'm eager about the growth, but then I need to
like, kind of contain myself. And that's, yeah,
just a tad because, and that's why my fiance is
perfect because she's like, Raymond, calm down,
you know, like everything will come in time,
you know, and it's, it's nice for that.
And so. Our growth is going really nicely.
Okay. Yeah. I'll just so the listeners
know that's how you and I met is we have
a mutual friend and he's helping you grow your
business. Can you talk about that? Like how the,
how the structure works to finance a new
van? I think that's really interesting
that the way you've structured that.
You know, these vans are expensive. And so,
you know, some businesses like, Oh man, you
have so much overhead. And some businesses,
you might get lucky. You have not very
many over it, you know, not much. So here

[24:03]
your overhead is quite expensive. We have these
vehicles that we finance. So, you know, every,
I think there's people out there that I've heard,
you know, some people buy them outright.
Use them. I like to go by like, let's finance
them. Let's, you know, let's put a good amount
of money down. Let's finance them. And these
vehicles have been holding their equity pretty
well. So if we could use them for the. The
next three years where they're still a solid
new vehicle. They've been maintained.
They look great. And in the three years,
they probably have around 60, 70, 000 miles. I
could probably still turn around and sell it.
So where I'm positive in it and have the equity
where I could sell it, take the positive equity,
put that down on the next new one. And then
that way, every two, three years, we have
new vehicles and we're trying to keep our image,
our brand that we are always up to quality.
If you add a new van to the fleet, let's say
your current hotel partners are growing really

[25:01]
fast and you need a new van. What can you expect
to be earning from that van? Assuming growth stays
constant three, six months down the line
on a monthly basis. Gotcha. So each van,
you aim for the vans to do around 200,
000 in gross sales per year per van.
Okay. That's kind of the number you
gauge it at. If you can keep your costs,
your insurance payment and your payments, and then
your pay for your drivers and your maintenance,
probably like in the 60 percent range of that.
You could take home probably anywhere from 30
to 40 percent net profit on per van.
And like a good average. Yeah. And that's
probably where you, you know, average it out.
Unfortunately, right now, the big struggle for
us in here in Las Vegas is the insurance. We
don't have many providers. We have one provider
that services Las Vegas for all the carriers
for commercial insurance. That's no, it's no
charge, whatever they want.
Absolutely. And they do. What do they charge? Oh.

[26:04]
It's about 40, 000 per year per vehicle. Holy cow.
So yeah. Wow. And it's, it, so all the sprinter
owners and bus companies, they have regulations
to carry a 5 million policy. And so yeah, it's,
it's, it's approximately 40, 000. There was an
increase last year. We were just under 30.
And now we were raised to just right under 40.
That's crazy. Like, are there just not other
insurance companies that will touch these types of
vehicles? It's just, you know what it is. It's the
market. At one point there was three providers
for the commercial side here in Las Vegas. And
I believe it was just probably the claims.
Unfortunately, there's a lot of accidents in
Las Vegas and a lot of the vehicles that are out
there are the commercial vehicles, the taxi cabs,
the limousines. They're the ones that are in the
busy areas. So, you know, there's fender benders
and there's all this accidents and every claim
that goes in from what I'm being told from our

[27:04]
insurance broker, everybody's insurance goes
up because they kind of gauge how many claims
were filed in that area or in that city or in
that county, how many claims were filed.
And then they're like, Oh man, this. A lot of
claims filed. So insurance has to go up. Do you
think there's like this post COVID phenomenon
of extra claims? Because everyone was pent up
for a couple of years. They all went to Vegas.
So volume goes up of travelers. Therefore volume
of claims is going up. Is that happening?
It's very possible. I mean, we haven't had any
claims ourselves, which is good. I think that
it's, you know, there was a frenzy, like how
you said, when Vegas opened back up after COVID,
it was almost like if it was busier than before,
you know, or we went right back into being the
norm, but I think that a couple of things changed,
you know, there was less providers.
There was a lot of people that fell off
during COVID. If you kind of hope to make
on average 200 grand top line for a new van,

[28:00]
immediately 20 percent of that is going to go
straight to insurance. Yeah. 40 grand. That
is crazy. I'm never complaining about insurance
again. Yeah, it's, it's expensive. That's probably
the downfall in our business right now.
You know, it, it hurts. It's a topic that all
of us providers in Las Vegas, we talk about all
the time. It's a big topic with everybody. Even
if you're not financing your vehicle, Las Vegas
dictates that you have to have a 5 million policy.
Correct. Correct. The Nevada transportation
authority, the NTA for bus regulations, which is a
sprinter and anything over 16 passenger vehicles,
they require you to have a 5 million policy.
What are the other licensing costs or requirements
look like to operate one of these so they're not
too much through the city so you apply through
the Nevada Transportation Authority and You
receive your say for example, there's different
licenses for livery. There's the limousine license
which can be SUV sedan stretch limos
anything under 15 passengers and less

[29:05]
that's your limousine license typically.
Then you have your bus license and your bus
license. Typically when you get a bus license,
it's an unlimited. Vehicles on there. So if you
know, we have our bus license where you get
granted a CPCN and then you have unlimited
vehicle space to put on there. If we wanted,
we could put 100 sprinters out on the road and
then your limos licenses, the limousine
licenses are, those are numbered.
Typically, so according to what you request,
so if you go to the city and you say, Hey,
I'd love to open up a company and I have
this demand and I'm in need of five cars
to be under this limousine license, they'll
typically, okay, it's a process. It's probably
a couple of your weight. Wow. Application fees
and things like that aren't too expensive.
It's just, you know, you pay an attorney to file
this for you and make sure that the whole process
goes correctly. So if you were to go through
the NTA and get granted a license like that,

[30:03]
you're probably maybe looking at anywhere from
five to eight grand. It's not too expensive.
Okay. So I always find business interesting
because sometimes you see an industry where
something appears oversaturated.
Right. Like in Vegas, it appears that
casinos are over saturated, but at the same
time, people go to Vegas to play in a casino,
right? Right. In Utah, for instance, Utah is
the, the king of desserts, right? We don't drink
alcohol in Utah. We eat dessert. And so you'll
go to a strip mall and I'm not exaggerating.
There'll be three or four like niche dessert
shops right there. And it's like, man, it's
over saturated. Well, no, people come here to eat
dessert. And so based on everything you've learned
about Vegas, would you say that the opportunity
of what you're doing. Is a bigger like opportunity
with a higher ceiling in Vegas, or like maybe
a bigger opportunity in somewhere like Dallas
where there's less competition, but it's less of
a market for, you know, luxury sprinter vans.
Every city has its own unique situation.
I think that Vegas right now is growing.

[31:04]
It's growing. You know, we just added a new
hotel recently. The fountain blue just opened,
right? We just found out that the Oakland A's are
moving to Las Vegas in the next couple of years.
So now Las Vegas is a growing city.
That's got, you know, now we're going to
have sports. We're going to have three of
the major sports, right? We have hockey,
football, and baseball. And then soon after I'm
sure basketball, right? So we're growing the
market as it stands right now. I don't believe
there's enough providers. In the market. And so
even this last super bowl, and you would think
like, we're the city of entertainment.
We're the leading of hospitality. And you
would think like, wow, Las Vegas has it. No,
it's, I think, like I said, one, a lot of the
providers. Kind of scaled back a little bit,
the bigger guys, they scaled back because the
insurance was expensive. That allowed us smaller
guys to kind of grow. And if we could be like this
middle level company, that's, that's ideal.

[32:04]
You know, that's, that's where we want to get to
where you could sustain everything. Now, a city
like Dallas or even LA, you know, car services
are needed every day. You know, we also have the
studios moving here. From Hollywood Summerlin is
building the Hollywood studios and that's going to
bring us business That's probably gonna bring us
business through the Sunday through Thursday.
That wasn't really busy same with
baseball Baseball is gonna bring us,
you know people coming to Las Vegas who wouldn't
want to go see their team in Las Vegas At a new
ballpark and then you come to Vegas on time. It's
like such a perfect situation. Yeah. You know,
even any of the football games, the
Raider games, they're packed.
And 70 percent of the fans are from the
visiting team. Oh, wow. I mean, yeah,
I guess that's probably an anomaly, right? If you
look at other NFL games, but Vegas is an anomaly.

[33:01]
Our kids are going to grow up. Raiders will stay
here. They'll be Raiders fans. But you know,
we grew up here in Las Vegas. I grew up,
I've been here since I was nine.
You know, I like the Detroit Lions. Because
we didn't have a home team, you know,
so I grew up liking another team and I'm sure
so many people did. Now, of course I support the
Raiders because we're Las Vegas home. So now we're
supporting and all that, but this is a popular
place for people to come. Okay. I want to ask you
a question that I'm obsessed with lately.
I think I'm going to ask every business owner this
question for the rest of my life. So as a business
owner. You see all kinds of opportunities,
both within and outside of your business.
And a lot of those are like tangential,
right? Like maybe you, you find out like,
man, there's no good texting software
exclusively for Sprinter van services.
Like man, someone could really make a killing if
they had a texting software just for us. And it
was, you know, it was specific to our needs. What
opportunities are you seeing that like you're too
focused on growing your business to ever want
to pursue? That you see that you think other

[34:04]
people might be able to pursue as a one.
It's a phenomenal question to, there's so many
cool things that you could branch off with
that are such a private service that nobody's
thought about, like nobody, I'm sure that
it happens. In the, in some of the cities
where like a New York or something like that,
where let's say like, okay, imagine if you are,
if you come here and you book this service and you
want to go shopping with your friends, right.
And you almost want your personal shopper to
go with you. It's almost like a host or like
a personal concierge where this person,
they go with you to Neiman's, to Saks,
to all these places. They're holding your bags for
you. They're assisting you with all your shopping.
It's something that's never been done.
I'm sure. Can it be done? Oh, of course.
And could this service make a ton of
money? Oh yes. So you're combining,

[35:00]
you're talking about combining your service with
like a personal shopper where the driver is the
personal shopper in one. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Exactly. Something like that. You know, we've,
I would say a couple of the providers here in
Vegas where we think, what could we do?