[00:00]
﻿Yeah, Isaac, I also love, and I know you
didn't love this in the moment that you
got banned by Airbnb. I love the theory of
constraints and I'm fascinated by what this,
like the startup failure rate in Silicon Valley
might be if there was no such thing as a VC
because you don't have to be creative when you
have 5 million cash in your bank account.
Right. You don't have to, and who knows how
many billion dollar startups we'd have out
there today if they had to get creative and just
make it work. But when you have all this money,
you don't have to think, you don't have
to be creative. You just hire and spend,
and then you go out of business.
If Airbnb never bans you.
You're just fat and happy on Airbnb at
an 80 percent occupancy rate saying, Hey,
we underwrote for 75. We're winning here. Right.
But you're not like you would never have learned
that. I mean, you may have, but like it forced
you to learn it in a six day time span for 900
and it changed everything.
Everything for you.
All right. All right. It's Friday morning,
which means another episode of hold co bros on

[01:00]
the Kerner office. And today's a little
different because Nick and I had a third
guest on Isaac French, who just went
insanely viral a couple of days ago for
his tweet about train cars that he restored.
So Isaac is like the short term rental.
Master. He is absolutely masterful at this. In
2021, he took 20, 000 in savings. He bought raw
land and he built seven Scandinavian cabins
on it. And he sold that for 7 million less
than three years later to profit net profit,
4. 7 million. He pulls back the curtains,
he shares everything he. Talks fast. He's
really entertaining, really engaging.
He's like the Steve jobs of short branches
because he has such incredible attention
to detail. He's a really interesting listen.
I think this is one of the best guests I've
ever interviewed. Really? Nick interviewed him.
I was just kind of there to ask questions. Nick
has his own podcast called Nick economics.
Check it out. It's awesome. I hope you enjoy this
episode and let us know if we should do more
like this before we get into the fun. Isaac,
tell me in its simplest terms, what is your
business and how do you make money? Well,

[02:01]
I just sold my business actually. So, but my
business is developing one of a kind, iconic,
immersive micro resorts, and I developed this
property called live Oak lake, seven cabins around
a lake, we can get into it if you want.
And then just sold it to private equity. And
now I'm teaching others how to do the same thing.
Awesome. So you sold out and now you're selling
a course. Perfect. Oh, it was a joke. You guys
could laugh. I mean, we feel really awkward. I
first got introduced to you a little over a year
ago, Chris and I bought an RV park in Waco.
And the park itself is five acres, but the RVs
only sit on, what is it? Chris is less than two
acres of the five, right? It's less than one
acre. It's less than one acre to five. And as
we were brainstorming what to do with it,
Chris was like, dude, you got to check out
Isaac French. And so he sends me your stuff and
he's like, we could do something like this in
the back and we can have hiking trails.
And we looked at what were those tents that
we looked at Chris, that they were like, you. So
my. What were they? They're called Ju Jes. Yeah,

[03:02]
they're glamping tent. They're like 20 grand. It's
like glamping tents. And I went down this rabbit
hole of, dude, these are all the cool things that
we could do. Really inspired by what you did right
outside of Waco as well when you started.
'cause it looks amazing. Was there a grand
planned in mind or was it like, Hey, let's
just build some cabins on the lake and then
it just iterated from there. Each time your wife
came up, she's like, oh, this is too ugly. Why
don't you put some lights on it? Or, you know
what I mean? Like how did it come about?
Can I just tell you the story in a nutshell,
please do it all in context. So I grew up in a big
family, homeschooled, very industrious, started
businesses from the time I was six years old and,
or probably before that, actually, and
have always been very creative, but also,
like project management and construction.
My dad had a small construction business and I
worked for him in high school, learn the trades
from the ground up, you know, out there as a
general labor, literally work through every trade
and learn construction, manage projects for a few

[04:04]
years. But I always was frustrated because
though we got to work on some cool projects,
there were commercial projects.
You'd have a pretty big team, architects,
engineers, Owners, owners, reps. And there was
always so much gridlock and also creatively. I
never really agreed being pretty, pretty strong
and decisive in terms of my own architectural
likings and such. I never really would always
agree with the decisions. And that's really
bad for a general contractor because that's not
really my job or my business, but I was like,
well, maybe I'm in the wrong business, but
all of that experience was really helpful
because if you're going to design.
I feel like I wish every architect had
to go through on the ground training, like as
actually a builder because many of them just like
drop these plans that are crazy and unbuildable.
And it's kind of like this running joke or maybe
not even that charitable. It's like this. Always
this friction between not always, but a lot of

[05:01]
times between a design team and a contractor.
So fast forward a few years, I quit that moved,
moved to Texas. That's actually where I was born
and raised, but my family lives in Idaho. We still
travel there quite a bit, moved back to Texas.
We're in Idaho little town called Deary outside of
Moscow. So North central, South of Coeur d'Alene,
few Americans know that the capital of Russia is
actually in Idaho, Moscow, Moscow, Idaho, well,
it's Moscow and most people say Moscow.
So that's how you know what it is or not.
So when I came back to Texas, I got married,
also had like accounting experience. I
taught myself bookkeeping, accounting,
tax prep in high school, because again, always
been entrepreneurial. I wanted that kind of
strong business foundation. And was very intrigued
with marketing, but it never done any of it.
So I have all these disparate bits and pieces
of experience and passions. And I was just,
I don't know, it's hard to articulate, but I had
this desire to sort of bring it all together,
the creative, the analytical, the marketing,
all of these different things, some of which

[06:01]
I hadn't even done, but I had an interest in and
throw all of my passion into one project.
And so maybe I went in the other ditch. I
was like, I'm not hiring any architects.
I'm not hiring anybody. Not even consultants.
I'm going to figure this out. Had this idea,
create a village of like, really charming
cabins that are totally unique architecturally
for Texas. And with a really high degree of like
experience and, and yeah, just design throughout
the property and, and rent out these cabins.
So started looking on Zillow found this five acre
piece of property one morning that was like five
minutes down the road from where I live. Went out
there, got goosebumps. Like, as I stepped on
the property and immediately felt like this
is the place I could just see, there was this
little muddy cow pond that had, it was really
a jungle and really a mess, but I could
see the potential for this property.
And there were these massive live oak trees, which
first tip first pro tip, big live oak trees are,
or big trees of any kind are so underrated. If
you're going to try to create a property like

[07:01]
this, because you can't plant them, you
can't buy them. They're either there or
they're not. So we bought the property closed,
sorry, got it under contract that day.
I had about 20, 000 to my name, got on the
phone immediately and started calling friends
and family to see if I could, I wanted
it to do it just like a hard money loan
until I could refinance the whole property, pull
money out, pay them back, but. Finally got a yes,
but was told, no, we want equity. We don't
want to give you a hard money loan.
So gave up 40, 45 percent equity. And
was it family or it was family. It was
like four or five different family members.
Family's always the worst, man. They say,
don't do business deals with your family, but it
actually worked out. And quick note on that. I
said, I had a big family. I have seven brothers.
And we all worked in the family business.
It was actually awesome because there's nothing
like a family that yeah. Okay. We have our moments
like my brothers and I, we may not always
see eye to eye, but at the end of the day,
we have each other's backs 1000%. And so it's a
certain kind of like collaborate, collaborative

[08:00]
and just synergistic vibe and environment that
like made the construction business awesome.
And so having them in this capacity of now of
like, Investors partners in the project was
actually awesome too. Cause I could call them up
like, Hey, how are we supposed to do the standing
seam roofing detail? What any thoughts on this
for weatherproofing or whatever? And I could
get instant feedback. So fast forward,
not to bore you with all the details,
nine and a half months designed and built
this whole resort, seven cabins, modern
Scandinavian, very like stunning design.
Yeah. Yeah. And there just aren't that many in
Texas. I was like, this is perfect opportunity.
And really create like this transported vibe all
the little details from your first impression of
the property when you drive up to the front gate
to the welcome gift to the trails to the lights
to the signage to everything like adds up.
No detail was left unintentional. It all adds up
to this really magical experience. That was the
dream at least. And I feel like we accomplished
it. So we opened nine and a half months later,
crazy year. I also built a 750, 000 spec
home at the same time and sold that in four

[09:05]
and a half months, rolled the profit, which
was about 200, 000 into this project.
We needed every penny of it because we went
way over budget. It was. 2021, you know,
post COVID supply chain craziness.
And, but we got the project done.
Also broke my pelvis during the process.
I fell out from a ladder fell from underneath
me and I felt like eight feet on a concrete and
broke my pelvis, which is a big, big deal. Yeah,
that's a big deal. I was in the hospital with
multiple surgeries. I still have a, like 50 pieces
of stainless steel in me. When I go through
TSA, I've gotten used to explanations.
Wow. Opened in January, 2022 and launched on
Airbnb two weeks later. I wake up one morning.
Check on our account. We're getting amazing. We've
gotten amazing bookings. We've gotten amazing
reviews. The entire thing is suspended great out.
It's like, I'll never forget that view. It's like

[10:03]
grayed out with a little red triangle.
And I couldn't figure it out. It's like,
of course, like speechless. At first I called
Airbnb, totally unhelpful. Wouldn't I have
mixed feelings about Airbnb, but anyway, not this
isn't to bash Airbnb. They've done a lot of good,
but their customer service. Is really bad. So
six days later, they finally reinstated us.
But before I get to that, I didn't know that
we were ever going to be reinstated. I started
calling people up like, Hey, what do we do? Do
you know anything about social media? Because
I knew direct bookings were going to be a key
part of the model. But I had chosen to launch
on Airbnb because they boost your property
like for the first 30 days and finally found
this person is like, Hey, you should do
a giveaway with a travel influencer.
So sure enough, call up a Dallas account.
Dallas sites. 101 is the handle and they
have like 200, 000 followers. I paid them 900.
They ran a two night stay giveaway and You know,

[11:02]
two days later, this is during the suspension
within one week, we got roughly 5, 000 followers
from scratch and 40, 000 of direct bookings
as a result of this 900 giveaway.
So that was the ROI. Jeez, dude. That was
the moment for me where I was like, that
really was the most pivotal moment of the entire
journey, because. It opened up a horizon in terms
of growing, building a brand around the property
that just blew my mind. And I think ended up being
quite a beacon for other people as well.
So fast forward, another 12 months, we grew
about a hundred thousand followers. About
the half of that was just piggybacking off
of it. We went all in with these giveaways. We
invested probably 50, 000 in these giveaways,
but drove seven, 800, 000 of direct bookings,
insane or either. We had. 80 percent of all of
all occupancy was direct and then overall like
95, 94, 95 percent overall occupancy for all

[12:02]
seven cabins for 365 days of the year.
For the first year. 1, 000, 000 top line,
about 550, 000 NOI. We refinanced the property
four months after we launched. Well, it was
actually about six months when we closed
on it. Six months later, the appraisal came
back like twice what the initial one was pre
billed. So we were able to pull out all of the
cash and 400, 000 on top of all of that.
That's amazing. And then we basically started
creating our own content because at a certain
point there, you really have to, and the algorithm
was shifting to be much more reels driven from
photos. So we went all in with like creating our
own Instagram right now, specifically, you're
talking about specifically Instagram.
You're not talking about Twitter or YouTube.
This is Instagram. Yeah. Which is the booking
channel. So hot take here. I believe Instagram
is going to be the booking channel for at
least for unique stays. If not most Airbnbs
Which are shifting towards unique stays just

[13:00]
because in that equilibrium oversaturated.
Yeah. Yep. And people need differentiation. Like
they're seeking experiences. They're seeking
one of a kind stays and they don't want the
commodity stuff that's on Airbnb. But Instagram
is much more visual. It's very story driven.
Storytelling is a massive part of creating
a brand like this and getting people selling
people the dream to come out and stay.
But we don't view this transactionally. So maybe
that's the place where the transaction starts, but
this is, we had guests come back three and four
times in a 12 month period. That just gives you a
peek into the kind of like, it's cool. It's like
following built at live Oakley. Cause
it was totally unique and people say,
here's another like hot take.
A lot of people in real estate say,
especially with, we spent 300, 000, 330,
000 a key, which was a lot at the time we
sold for three times that, but we spent a lot of
money to build the place. And people were like,
you've got to choose high barrier to entry
markets where there's already regulations in

[14:01]
place so that somebody else can't come along
next door and build the same thing.
That's not my philosophy. If you do it right,
which is really hard, that's a big I F if you
do it right, right. You build something that's
truly one of a kind that is word of mouth
worthy. I like to say, because word of mouth
marketing is the best channel marketing period,
end of story, social media and influencers
and whatever can help augment that.
But ultimately people trust people. They don't
trust brand. They don't trust, they don't trust,
uh, companies. And if you build like this
incredibly compelling property and experience,
that's more than just a place to stay. It's an
experience you're going to. No matter who else
builds what next door to you, you're going to
already have that first mover advantage.
You're going to be like the Kleenex of the
industry, so to speak. And so I'm looking for
markets that are, I don't care about saturation.
I don't care about local attractions. I'm going
to create a destination with the property and
I want to build it as quickly as possible,

[15:02]
which means it's not going to be a
high barrier to entry market.
So outside of Waco, Texas unincorporated part
of the County don't need any permitting. Now,
obviously proximity to demographics and like
population is also very important. And we
happen to be smack dab in the Texas triangle
with 22 million plus people. So there's a lot
going for it. But anyway, just back to finish the
story 18 months after we initially opened.
And we had that very, in hindsight, fortuitous
disaster with getting kicked off Airbnb, which
was a mistake by the way, on their algorithms
part, because we got reinstated. We ended up
selling the whole property after being approached
by multiple private equity groups and other
buyers. We sold for a million bucks a key.
So 7 million, we built it for 2. 3, sold it for
seven. And basically, let me get my calculator
out. Hold on a second. Seven. Okay. So it was
a good deal. Yeah. It's a decent deal. Yeah.
It takes a lot of underwriting to actually do

[16:03]
the math and make that decision. But
one of the, one of the keys though,
and I'll just say this kind of off the record,
even though this is a podcast, the, you know,
people approached us to buy this.
Literally told us the fall. They valued
the following around 2 million that we had built.
So we sold the brand, we sold the real estate,
we sold everything as a turnkey property and
that Instagram following, which was like around
150, 000 at the time of sale. And we also had like
a small email list and some other stuff, but they

[17:00]
told us like, look, this is gold to us.
Cause we're planning to expand this,
we're either going to expand this brand or we're
going to launch other properties and leverage this
following. And I built that for. Again, cost us
around 40, 50, 000 in terms of like giveaways,
content creation and whatever. And I got a
masterclass in social media in the process.
So if that's not enough on your fire, go
tell a story and build a brand as a founder,
but also for a property like this. Of course,
that begs the question. Do you have something
worth telling a story about? And there's a lot
behind that, but all right. Amazing story. I don't
know that. I don't know that you took a breath
during that whole thing, but you just were like,
I've got like 30 questions cut me off
because I didn't want it to get boring.
You got, man, we have a lot of questions. I'll
take the first question question. Then you take
the second question. I, you just came out of
the closet recently with the community that you
live in. And you like talked about kind of your
background and your upbringing. And as I'm hearing
you talk, and as I look at the pictures of what
you built, and as I look at where you grew up,

[18:02]
it looks to me like you've rebuilt folks.
Where you grew up in this short term rental
Airbnb, right? Like it's, they're close
enough to each other. There's a lot
like there's fences in between you're
facilitating this communal atmosphere.
Was that intentional or is it just
now in retrospect that you're like,
Oh, I guess I did take this sort of
idea and rebuild it over here.
That's a great question. And I don't think
anybody's asked me that. So. Yeah, to summarize,
I live in this intentional agrarian Christian
community and we privately own homesteads,
but we collectively own a lot of agricultural
areas and a craft village and all kinds of cool
stuff, communal areas that we can use.
It's a really great concept. You should come
visit. It's called Homestead Heritage. So much of
my upbringing, whether it was on the, just on my
family level, my siblings, my parents, but then
the community, they're pretty much inseparable,
was. I owe everything I am and have to that,
to that upbringing. And it's so hard to try

[19:06]
to pin down influences and different
formative aspects of my childhood.
But yes, to answer the question, absolutely.
I think that's a really insightful question
because when I think about it, I believe people
are absolutely hardwired to connect with people,
obviously. Everybody knows that we all need a
sense of belonging. We need a community. And yet.
In today's day and age and culture, even with
social media, which could be, I guess, termed
a community on some level, it's created a problem
because I think social media should be a tool that
leads to in person relationships and in real
life events, relationships, a lived life.
And so many people try to substitute that. And I
think like virtual reality and gaming and so many
different, yeah. AR is really the antithesis of
what I believe. It's like you can mimic and create
this alternative. So to have a property that
sort of brings together. The, a sense of place,

[20:06]
uh, enhancing and, and, and really magnifying and
showcasing the beauty of an area, even say central
Texas, which probably objectively isn't the most
beautiful place, but I think is very beautiful
if you can craft, you know, I think more than
anything, though, Isaac is like, it's fostering
community and you talked about, Oh, Hey, you want
a market that has regulation and that won't allow
other people to come and build there.
And yes, that is a form. Of building a moat
around your business, but that's
like an external moat where cool,
only a few of us can get into that market with,
we know the right people or if we time it right,
but then there's this other thing that we can do
to build a moat, which is be very intentional,
have an exceptionally high product and just be
better than everybody else in the market.
And I think that's really where you played here
is you've created this experience that fosters
and facilitates community. That's exactly
right. We have a, yeah, we have a commons
area we designed and it only costs us around
35, 000. It's a pergola stone patio, fireplace,

[21:05]
a dock down public access to the small lake,
which we basically, we didn't build it.
There was already a body of water, but we.
Greatly enhanced what was there and made
it beautiful. And just creating that little
environment. Then we have a container pool
next to that swings. Cause we cater not just
to a lot of couples getaways, but also to a
lot of small families that come in and stay.
And one of the most rewarding parts of the whole
thing. And I know that this could sound like what
everybody says, but this, I really mean this from
my heart at the end of the day, let me say this.
If you're going to be in hospitality, you have to
be a people person. You have to love people. You
have to love to connect with others and to feel
that sense of pride and accomplishment it pride in
a good way of like we built something here.
And it was definitely, they say it takes
a village. It took a village to build that
village. It was a big team effort, but to have
that done and like to know, to have the scars,
to prove it, even literally. And then to be able
to go over there and interact with some of the

[22:04]
guests who were just organically mingling
and getting to know each other, I had.
Countless conversations like this, where
somebody, a family from Dallas was there,
a couple from Houston came in,
somebody from Waco, someone local,
and they're genuinely all being united by
this shared experience, this beautiful place,
getting to know each other. And. Yeah, I get to
make new friends, honestly, having that.
And I got to do it less and less just because
my schedule got crazier and crazier through
the process. But that's something I
always want to be grounded in again,
like those in person relationships. That is
my life. I've shared about it publicly now
on like a, a lived basis, but even with the
property, it was so cool to see people.
And like, we were very intentional in the design.
There's no TVs in the units and we do have really
high speed. Wi Fi. There's no TVs in the units.
No, I don't think I know how to film anymore.
That's my baby. Yeah. Most people would
say like that, that will kill the idea. No,

[23:03]
I know you're joking. Most people
would say like, that's stupid.
Like what's, what's wrong with you? But
we didn't listen to the orthodoxy when
we designed to build these. And sure enough, just
little decisions like that throughout that again,
created this overall experience meant so
much to people because sometimes you don't
know what you want, like Steve jobs said it so
eloquently, but, you know, He was like creating
the iPhone when people didn't know they needed an
iPhone and he was creating the need for it.
And so in kind of actually an ironically opposite
sense, we were creating the, we were getting rid
of the need to constantly be on your phone without
you even really knowing. And I know that's even
obvious in one sense, but like, again, just by
fostering those connections. Regrounding people
in nature. And I know, again, it becomes very
cliche sounding, but it's a real thing.
There's a reason we hit 95 percent occupancy
overall. It's crazy to think about.
Chris, I'm curious. Cause hearing him talk
reminds me a lot of you actually, like Isaac,

[24:03]
I can tell you're particular. You like to make
sure that everything is perfect. And Chris is
very much like that, right? Like he wants to make
sure that the brand and the experience and what
he's putting out there is representative
and reflective of what he's like.
And he gets to be perfectionist sometime.
Sometimes, but Chris, I'm curious, like what's
percolating on your mind? Like what, after hearing
all that stuff, do you really want me to talk? I
have a page full of notes and I could just talk
for hours. Yeah, dude. So much to say. First of
all, it's funny you referenced Steve jobs.
Cause I'm getting like, like Joni Ive. Vibes
from you, the designer from Apple, he has such an
attention to detail. And Nick, I think it's funny
that you compared him to me. Cause the more you
talk that like before we ever spoke, it's like,
Oh man, this guy have a lot in common. That's
why I like him. Now. It's like, I like this guy
because we don't have a lot in common.
I'm terrible at attention to detail. If I be,
if I built Live Oak Lake, it would have taken
three years. I would have like forgotten the
road leading up to it. There would have been no
attention to detail or anything. Like I probably

[25:01]
could have marketed people there. I'm thinking
of an interesting analogy where you're like,
everyone says, pay attention to zoning.
And we said, screw that we're going to have
the best park and zoning doesn't matter. Like
we're buying and building RV parks and that's
what we do. We pay attention to zoning. And I
think of an analogy to that is like Elon Musk
always says like, you don't need to market. Like
if you have an amazing product, you don't need
marketing and Tesla famously doesn't market.
And that's what you're saying, right? Like if
I have an amazing product with high attention to
detail and good distribution, direct bookings, not
relying on Airbnb, then I don't care who builds
next to me. Cause I'm going to be better than
them. And I'm saying personally, if I built Live
Oak Lake, I would care who came next to me because
they would probably be better than me.
Oh, he would care. So I'm just, I'm super
impressed by your attention to detail. And
I see it on your website. I see it on your
Twitter account. Like everything you do is highly
crafted and curated. And I have aspects of things

[26:02]
like that, but mostly I'm just like move fast and
break things done is better than perfect.
Let's ship it out there. And that is fine.
That gets you from zero to one. You are very
particular with the things that you want, right?
Like, yeah, yes, but yes, attention to details,
definitely not there. It gets you from zero to
one, but you're going from one to 10 without
attention to detail. Well, the problem
is sometimes I don't always hit 10.
So I'll just give you one quick anecdote
to illustrate this. I've always been again,
like artistic. My grandmother gave me art lessons
as a kid growing up and I'm decent at it, but
it's pretty hard to make a living as an artist.
So it wasn't ever going to be a plus. I'm just,
I can't be tied down with one thing.
I'm just. Too curious to try out other things,
but I, one thing that's held me back, even like
in my art, like painting and drawing is I always
try to make a masterpiece. And they say, like,
there's all those different quotes about basically
reps are much more important than. Masterpieces
when you're trying to learn something.

[27:03]
Mm-Hmm, . And again, like, it's just always been
a, a, a weakness for me because everything I do,
I want it to be absolutely perfect. So even
though live cle, which is an interesting case
in point because yes, we built it really fast
and everything, but that doesn't necessarily
mean it wasn't going. It wasn't because I made a
bunch of compromises not to make it perfect.
It meant that it consumed my life for nine and a
half months. You went way over budget. You already
said that, right? It was like, it wasn't even
a hundred thousand. Yeah. 35 to 40 percent over
budget, which my original budget was probably
way too concerted. And there were other price
increases and stuff, but yeah, point taken.
It was unhealthy in terms of, I have to be super
careful even now, like having a family. And then
of course, having all this community life, because
I get fixated on something and I will go so all
into it. Doesn't mean it's going to necessarily
take me a long time. It's just going to be. I'm
really lucky because I'm similar to you.
I'm a musician and I used to write a lot of
songs and it would take me forever because
they had to be perfect. And I didn't write
that many because I just couldn't get it

[28:01]
right where I wanted to be. I have a partner
in Chris who's like done is better than good
or whatever. Done is better than best.
Whatever the phrase is. And so Chris pushes me,
I'm still very much that like analytical, we
got to get it the right way, but we've been
lucky enough to have kind of that partnership.
Yeah. Isaac, I also love, and I know you didn't
love this in the moment, but that you got banned
by Airbnb. I love the theory of constraints and
I'm fascinated by what this, like the startup
failure rate in Silicon Valley might be.
If there was no such thing as a VC, it, cause
you don't have to be creative when you have 5
million cash in your bank account. Right. You
don't have to, and who knows how many billion
dollar startups we'd have out there today if they
had to get creative and just make it work. But
when you have all this money, you don't have
to think you don't have to be creative.
You just hire and spend, and then you go out
of business. If Airbnb never bans you. You're
just fat and happy on Airbnb at an 80 percent
occupancy rate saying, Hey, we underwrote for 75.
We're winning here. Right. But you're not like
you would never have learned that. I mean,

[29:03]
you may have, but like it forced you to
learn it in a six day time span for 900.
And it changed everything for you is super well
put. That's exactly. Yeah. That, that sums up.
Almost every good thing. What do they say? Of
course, necessity is the mother of the mother.
Yeah. Yeah. Necessity creates the possibility. And
I couldn't agree more with that. I wish I always
want to stay extremely hungry in that sense.
And that's the, that's always the challenge. Cause
as you scale and you get more successful, yeah.
You feel less of that need, but that's the story
of life, right? I mean, that's the story. That's
definitely the story of business. You always
have the disruptors that are coming in. And I
think even to that point, like in hospitality
specifically, we're in, I described it as
the early innings of like a massive, massive
secular trend in travel and hospitality.
And we're shifting away from this model of
even like, you know, Luxury and luxury travel
spending is at all time highs, even right now,

[30:04]
but people, my generation and those the
generations in front of me and all our generation,
honestly, seeks and prioritizes experiences
over possessions and over luxury like.
Not 10 to one and people still don't fully
grasp. I think all of the effects of that,
but as that shift continues to unfold,
creating projects like this, and that's why
I'm so passionate about the opportunity is such
a massive opportunity because the big companies,
Hilton, Hyatt, you know, even four seasons, like
the luxury resort brands are not going to be able
to innovate with properties like these.
And there's a reason that they're paying the
kind of money that they are for smaller
portfolios, like Graduate Hotels just
sold for 200 million dollars, just the brand,
which is 50 hotels. There's no real estate,
just a brand auto camp. There's, there's already
some institutional exits that are crazy.

[31:00]
We're just getting started there. I want to
ask you this question. It's a little bit of
an introduction, but you posted recently about
the community that you grew up in and the way
that you've described it is it's. Very close,
tight knit. Everyone lives close together.
Christian community. Correct. Okay.
Chris and I grew up Mormon. We still are Mormon.
We met on our missions. We've been best friends
ever since. And, uh, both of us, all three of us,
in fact, have been on the receiving end of people
calling us members of a cult. So we live by some
pretty specific guidelines, so to speak. I say
that because I'm curious you had experiences
where, Hey, we're way over budget.
And so you built a spec home and then
roll the profits into finishing the property.
Airbnb freezes your money. And so you figure out
a way to go to direct bookings. Chris and I was
laughing at the Airbnb story because Chris and I
have had our funds frozen. I can't count how many
freaking times Chris has the make it happen.
Gene. I always call it the MIH gene. My
question is, what is it about growing up

[32:04]
in some of these maybe stricter communities that
allows for entrepreneurs to come out of it? And
to be successful. Because in my experience, I
mean, there are a lot of Mormon entrepreneurs,
but also people who grew up in very
quote unquote weird circumstances
that are very successful entrepreneurs.
Do you think there's anything from that background
that translates well to being an entrepreneur?
Such a good question. I would say, yeah, maybe
a few things I'll touch on very briefly. One,
we didn't have TV just like we didn't have TVs
in the cabins. We didn't have TVs in our homes,
in our home. We didn't play video games.
We didn't have any screen cell phones. We had
computers and like, we, yeah, learned video
editing and whatever, published our own newsletter
and all kinds of stuff as kids, which was cool.
But even that was really honest. No, we're not the
Amish, like we use technology are kind of like,
if you want to say, put it into like a slogan,
we don't want technology to control us.

[33:05]
We want to control technology. So we're just
really intentional about drawing lines. And
especially with like entertainment and media, I
just think it's so addictive and so destructive
potentially, especially to kids that you have
to be super careful. So if you subtract a lot
of that out, what does that mean?
It means that you all of a sudden have
all this time. And I would argue creativity.
And then just being in the environment of a.
Communal setting like this, where music is a huge
part of the culture crafts are a huge part of the
culture. So we actually have a school where we
teach traditional skills like woodworking with
hand tools, pottery, blacksmithing, weaving, um,
growing your own food, having animals and having
that embedded in the culture as a family.
As a community from before my earliest memories,
I had, I was saving up money to buy my first
flock of ducks when I was like five years old.

[34:00]
And then I learned like all this amazing
personal responsibility by having those.
And so it, we like cut out all these unnecessary
distractions and it allowed for this incredible,
incredibly like innovative, creative, curious,
Experimental attitude in terms of like starting
businesses and learning skills and whatnot.
And so I would also add to that just briefly,
my parents and like, now that I'm a parent, we
have our first son. He's like 18 months. And I,
so I, thank you. My appreciation grows for what
they did exponentially. How this feels. I'm sure
as I'm raising my kids, but they had the wisdom to
know, like they. Never prioritized our success in
terms of gifts that we had financial success, any
of that over the character development that was
like absolutely the top priority for them.
And so at times that that forced them, they had

[35:03]
to make difficult decisions. And I'm very thankful
for them. Like, for instance, I can't tell you
how many times I would get some much like I
am today. Some idea that I became fixated on
some business. I was going to start, maybe it
was learning an instrument or whatever.