[00:56]
﻿Why don't we start at the beginning? Like what
first gave you the idea to start this business?

[01:00]
It actually all kind of happened by accident
when I was exploring. One day I was on a bike
ride and I discovered the dump with my friend.
And then we went to the dump and rode our bikes
around to explore. And I saw this pair of
speakers there that someone threw away.
And they were really nice, probably like 50
speakers. And I just, I couldn't believe that
they were in the trash. So I asked the
guy if I could take them. And he said,
yes. So I brought them home, and then basically
after that point, I kept going back to the dump
and finding cool items and valuable things.
And there were more speakers in the beginning.
And this is why it happened by accident. Because
eventually, I collected so many speakers from the
dump. That my entire bedroom, actually where
I'm sitting right now, used to be a pile of
speakers. And my mom said that I had to throw
it all away. So, at this time, I was working at
a grocery store too, making 12 an hour.
And just finding speakers for fun. I didn't

[02:02]
think it was like money I was making or
anything. It was just And when my mom
said I had to throw them all away, I just,
I couldn't do that because I went through
so much effort to get those speakers here. So I
ended up selling them on Facebook Marketplace,
and that was my first time ever making money
for myself doing something that I loved.
And then from there, eventually, I got into
the junk removal industry, and that's how I
ended up starting the junk removal business
with my brother. Through that opportunity,
it eventually led to me buying a pickup truck,
and then discovering junk removal, and starting
that business with my younger brother.
Okay. All right. Zillion questions. I love
it already. So first of all, why were there so
many dang speakers at this random junkyard? There
was the electronic section where people would
drop off their old electronics and that was my
favorite section. So I would just camp out there
all day until people would bring good stuff.
And if I wasn't the one taking it. Other people
who are going to the dump would take the stuff.

[03:02]
So it's kind of a common thing. It's called
picking. It's a, or you ever seen the show
American pickers? Those are through the
junk. Yeah. Like that's basically what
I did all day at the junkyard. And how old were
you when this, when you first started all this,
when you first found speakers?
i was 15 or 16 years old when I was
looking for speakers and I was riding them home
on my bicycle. This was before I had a license or
anything. Okay. And does entrepreneurship run in
your family or did it just come naturally to you?
Yeah. So my parents also own a business. They own
a tree service. It's a home service business.
They do tree trimming more on like, not the heavy
tree removal, but like more the artistic side,
kind of like, Making your property look
nice, trimming. They do everything,
but my dad specializes in tree surgery
is what he calls it. So, I was able to
learn a little bit about the home service
business through seeing their company.

[04:02]
And I also used to work for my dad too. So I did
learn a little bit about business through them,
but they didn't give us money to start.
They didn't build the business for us.
It was all us. They never really. Gave us much
besides the knowledge and their advice support.
Yeah. And their support. But yeah, I don't
know if I told you this, but I own a tree
trimming company as well here in Dallas.
Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. So how
long has your dad owned that business? About 30
years. I think this is the 30th. Wow. Okay. So you
just grew up around small business home services
specific. Yeah. Yeah. And there's also a lot of
things I noticed with my parents business that I
just like, don't know why they're doing things a
certain way that could be done way better.
But then there's other things that I'm like,
wow, no one else is doing this. Like, this
is really smart. So I just took what works
and then what needed to be improved. And
obviously it's a different industry too,

[05:01]
so there's a lot of different things we had
to learn. But that's what we did as well.
Now, would your family like, Actively talk
about the business around the dinner table,
or it was just something in the background.
My brother and I have always been obsessed
about the business. So I feel like naturally it
ends up being what we talk about at the dinner
table a lot. My parents like to talk about it,
but I feel like my brother and I are the ones
that kind of engage that conversation more than my
parents do, but yeah, we do talk about business a
lot as a family too, and we all enjoy it.
Yeah. Would you like ask them questions like,
Hey, how much did you get for that big
job? Well, what'd you make on it? Like
what's your profit? Would you clear, do you
ask financial questions like that? My parents
wouldn't always answer like super deep financial
questions. Like if I asked how much a job was and
then asked them to break down the profits and
everything, they would be vague with me.
I'm not sure why. Prob probably just because
they wanted me to learn through my own experience

[06:00]
rather than like seeing everything from them
and it's also a different industry. I think my
parents are also more private a lot where like
I'm more open on social media. Because they,
like, I see the impact that I have on the younger
generation, so it kind of encourages me to be more
open because it, it allows people to see, and I
feel like I can relate to more people that way,
where my parents don't need to do that,
so naturally they're more private.
I would go in and see, like, how much the jobs are
for that they're doing, and that also gave me an
idea of, like, okay, this is what they're doing in
one day. Could I eventually see myself doing that
with junk removal? And I could. So that's another
reason why I wanted to do junk removal.
Because I knew I can make similar numbers
or even better in the future too. Yeah,
you're probably looking at it like, Alright,
I know this chipper cost my dad 20 grand,
but with the chipper he can make two grand a
day. So if I buy this box truck and that's 20,
you're kind of, Comparing, even though they're
totally different home service industries,

[07:03]
you still need to buy equipment and do
something that makes you sweat.
Right. So in a way they're not very different.
Yeah. And also observing how he manages people,
manages the business, dealing with problems,
like all of that was helpful to observe at a
young age too. Yeah. Okay. So you pick
up these speakers on your bike and then
you go back like all the time. You want to be
the first one to get the best speakers.
But what's funny to me is you don't
immediately start selling them for
a profit. You're just like hoarding them
like Scrooge McDuck. And it's, you're just,
it's just awesome. You're just stacking them
up. And then you first sell them on Facebook
marketplace. Was that, did you sell them all at
once or individually or how did that So my mom
wanted me to get rid of everything quickly.
So, I listed a few items just to see if people
would even buy things like this, and Literally
the next day I listed a Bose radio that I found
and sold it for 50 the next day. And that was
like such a shocker for me because like the

[08:03]
amount of time that went into selling that
radio for 50 bucks, like all, All together
probably wasn't even an hour and that's way more
than I was making at the grocery store.
So then after that it really encouraged me
to want to try to sell everything then I just
listed it Not everything sold because I didn't
really know what was valuable or not I just saw
speakers and I would save them. So my room did
look like a junk pile Yeah, that's how I started
selling things You probably learned over.
Yeah. I learned over time, like what to sell,
what was valuable. And eventually I stopped only
selling speakers and started realizing, like,
I quit my job at the grocery store to do this
full time. And then I realized I could probably
make more money selling other things too. So I
started selling bicycles and lifting weights and
all sorts of stuff that I could find.
Okay. So how did you go from that phase to
buying a truck and getting into junk removal?
Yeah. So. In the beginning, the truck was like,

[09:04]
partially influenced by the junk removal idea,
but also I would, I told myself and my brother,
I was like, all right, if I had this truck, I'd be
able to sell more things in a higher volume.
It'd be easier for me to sell things too.
But if I ever get a junk removal job,
I can do that on the side too. So. I'm gonna buy
this truck and I took a lot of the money that I
saved up and went in on it with my brother and we
spent four thousand dollars on our F 150 which was
our first truck and the way I got introduced to
junk removal was The guys who worked at the dump,
they actually did it on the side, it's like a side
hustle, and they saw how hard I was working.
I was literally at the dump from the minute
that they opened to the, when they closed,
and I would help the guys there too. Not expecting
anything, I would help those guys clean up,
just literally to be in the environment, and they,
then they started saving stuff for me too. So they

[10:03]
liked how hard I was working and they just wanted
to help me because I was helping them and They
actually brought me in to work with them and they
were paying me like fifty dollars an hour to work
doing With them which is kind of ridiculous.
I just think they didn't really know how to run
the business, but And I saw like, all right,
if they can pay me this and still profit,
what if I did this on my own? And I asked
the guys and they were totally fine with
me trying it. So they gave me some tips and I
saw how the business worked through them.
And then I just started going out and trying
it on my own. So that's how I got introduced
to it. Okay. So how long was the junkyard open
all day? Like what were the operating hours? It
was three days a week because this is a small
local junkyard. Like only one town is allowed
to go there. It's not like a big dump.
It was like a small transfer station. But
there's still a lot of cool stuff you can find
there. And it was open from Wednesday from like

[11:06]
8 a. m. to 4 p. m. Saturday from 7 to 4 and
then Sunday I think also from like 12 to 4. I
think that was the hours if I remember right.
How are you able to do that with school?
On Wednesdays the second I get out of school I'm
just riding my bike to the dump and sometimes
on Wednesdays with our school it was a short
Wednesday every other week so I'd get out early
be able to go so it was good timing but the dump
was on the weekends, but managing junk removal
with school was a whole different ball game.
How old are you today? First, when you started
this? Right now I'm 20 years old, but when I
first did the junk removal business, I was 17
and my brother was 15. And you're partners in
it together, right? We're 50, 50. Okay. 50, 50

[12:02]
partners. So you buy the truck for four grand at F
one 50, the most American truck you can find.
And how do you get your first. Customer. What does
that look like? Yeah, I think our first customer
was actually a word of mouth referral from the
guys at the dump. But then after that, we started
getting customers from next door. You started
posting? Yeah, we posted on next door Facebook,
created business cards, went door knocking.
Eventually we did yard signs too. But yeah, all
of that is how we really started marketing. What
proved to be the most effective after the first
six months? Yeah, I would say being persistent
with our customers and really leveraging every
customer to go out there and market for us,
like following up with them after the job,
asking if they were able to tell anyone
about us, or if they wrote us a review,

[13:03]
a recommendation, whatever it was.
Then also, Second would be next door,
especially when you're first starting. And I think
the community on next door really is just like
wanting to support a beginning stage business,
especially. So that was huge too. It's funny how,
true that is because a lot of people are too
prideful or they have too much ego to want
to go beg for business on Facebook groups
or next door, but they want to help.
Yeah. Especially if you're a new business owner.
Exactly. Okay. So you think, or you're finding
that customer referrals are even more fruitful
to you than anything else, including Nextdoor,
but you have to be like aggressive and persistent
with it. Yeah. And Facebook was definitely huge
for us to establishing our presence in
our local community through Facebook.
But that was also a big part of leveraging
every customer to spread the word on Facebook.
Cause that's where all the Facebook moms and
kind of our target customers are hanging out.

[14:25]
After you buy the truck, what was that first
six months like? Were you crazy? Were you all
over the place? Were you taking on any job?
Like what, broke those first six months? Yeah,
those first six months that's pretty accurate
description already. We were doing whatever we
could to make money with the pickup truck. Junk
removal being one of the things that we knew
how to do the most because we learned from the
guys and we also loved doing it the most.
But we did little tree work jobs on
the side, trimming trees, bushes,
landscaping. We did moving jobs. We honestly
did whatever we could with our pickup truck to

[15:00]
make money doing side hustles gutter cleaning, all
that. I never knew about window cleaning or any of
that back then. I feel like it became more well
known after COVID as like a side hustle, but I
probably would have done that too back then.
And the reason why we stuck with junk removal. is
because for us, we had the most connections. We
enjoyed it the most. And it was definitely the
hardest, but with scaling, I felt like it could
be the most lucrative too. So even though it would
have been the hardest and most competitive
one, I just wanted to stick with that.
But the first six months were definitely a lot
of hustle and learning from mistakes. We had
to be really confident that we could like, if a
customer is like, Oh, have you done this before?
Even though we haven't, it's like, I mean, yeah,
like this is definitely something we can handle,
like where we have all this experience, we can
definitely handle it and some, a lot of the times,
like when we're doing jobs, even if we've
never done them before, we have the confidence
as if we know exactly how to do it.
And then we also deliver on that confidence to,

[16:04]
even if we made a mistake, we would do everything
we can to fix it and just. Provide the best
service we can. And we are confident that
we could do that. So at the end of the day,
we didn't have any dissatisfied customers. Cause
even when we made a mistake, we would own up to
it and fix it and learn from it, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. The customer's like, so have you done
this before? And you're like, we're confident we
can get it done. But have you done this before?
We're confident. We'll do a great job for you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're confident. It's like you
show that like, Oh yeah, we sure it's done.
Like I could, get three guys in here.
We'll get this done in a day. That type of thing.
Yeah. I've totally been there. You fake it till
you make it. And then when you screw it up, you
just have to fix it and own it. Right. Yeah.
Okay. So how are you managing school, both
you and your parents? Your younger brother,
was this mostly after school in the summers,
weekends, just planning around school?
Yes. Oh, we would definitely do the work after
school every day. And then we'd have a full

[17:05]
truck and sometimes we would dump the truck
in the morning before school because some of
the dumps were open pretty early. Sometimes I
would have a free block in the morning, which
is a class off. And then I'd go to school late
and I'd go and dump the truck during that.
time. Sometimes we have to dump
the truck after school and yeah,
we would just do whatever we could to manage it,
do everything out of school hours. Like we would
still get homework done whenever we had time, but
our main priority was business at all times. And
we would find, we would make time for it.
A lot of people always say like, how do you do
this during school? But like, let's think about
it. You're getting out of school. At 2 p. m. every
day, and then you have two weekend days. Think
of how many hours from two. That's a full time
job. Yeah, exactly. Outside of school. 8, 9.
That's seven hours every day after school.

[18:04]
We could work on our business. Then you got two
full weekend days. That's a lot of hours that
you could dedicate towards building a business. So
you just have to make sacrifices, no sports, less
hanging out with friends, but that's just what we
did. We made sacrifices and used our time.
Well, that's amazing. I love it. Yeah. A lot of
people are like, Oh, you can't, Oh, you just, they
just immediately write off having a business while
in school, because that's just not what you do.
But it's like, no, let's look at this logically
and actually break down the hours. You can
absolutely do that. And anyway, all right.
So at what point did you go from taking any job
you could to saying we are only doing junk
removal? How long did that take? That was
probably the end of our first year when
we, it was around the wintertime. So we
bought our pickup truck in February of 2021. And
then around like February of 22, a year later,

[19:00]
we looked at how much we made and it was around
120, 000 with just our pickup truck.
And we realized like, okay, out of all of
this, what did we like the most? What was
the most profitable? What makes the most
sense for us to stick with? And that was
junk removal. And we realized we can keep
doing this side hustle type of thing and
make another hundred K and keep doing this. But
if we ever want to get to something big, like we
have to be the best at one thing and just stick
to that and, become experts at one thing.
And that's what we did. And that's why we stuck
with junk removal. So did you have any employees
that first year or was it just you and your
brother? Yeah, it was just my brother and I and
our friends would come and help us occasionally,
maybe a couple times all throughout the whole
year. We had some friends help, but it was
mostly us like every day working together.
So 120 grand and your costs are gas. I mean,
it was like a legit business. So we had an LLC,

[20:00]
we had insurance on the truck and then
dump fees, gas. There's gotta be more
like tools. Obviously we started buying tools
like maintenance on the truck. And then, yeah,
we didn't spend any money on marketing.
So none of that was really it because it was
our own time. No, no payroll. Were you taking any
money out of the business or just like paying your
bills and just kind of growing the business?
Yeah, just saving. To be honest, we would save,
we weren't spending a lot of money and
that's how we were able to buy a dump
truck in our second year of business.
So then the winter kind of dies down and
you're in year two now and you're like, we're
going all in on junk removal. Were you doing
stuff during the winter time or were you
just planning? Yeah, the winter time is
really slow for the junk removal industry and a
lot of home service businesses. And for us, we,
we spend that time, we spent that doing
kind of a rebrand with the company.

[21:01]
It used to be K and J removal. And then we
realized we wanted to stick to junk removal.
So that's when junk teens was born. And then we
took the steps during the slow season to establish
the junk removal business. We redid the website
with the junk teens brand we bought. A dump truck
and then all around established ourselves
more for the junk removal industry.
So how much did the dump truck cost and how
were you able to afford that just with your
savings? If I remember, it was around like 75 K
for the dump truck and we literally spent every
penny that we had. She paid cash for it? Yeah.
Holy cow. 15 and 17 year old cheese. Yeah. It
started to pay itself off pretty quickly because
with the pickup truck, we might have made like
500 to 700 every time we fill up that truck.
But with a dump truck, we can make one to 2, 000
every time we filled that truck up. So then
we were able to. Make a lot more money in

[22:05]
the day because it was less trips to the
dump and it really quickly started to pay
itself off. Did you buy the dump truck new or
used? New. We actually used ones a lot.
The problem is too, we bought the dump truck
like right after COVID and COVID like shocked
The manufacturing process of the trucks. So
they were really hard to find. So everyone
was buying the used ones and we actually had
to order it from a dealership and it got to
us like six or eight months later, it was like
six months later or something like that.
So in the meantime, we bought that dump truck
and kept making money with the pickup truck and
eventually upgraded our pickup truck for like,
It was like 10, 000 upgrade that we did. Got a
new one, an F 250 with high mileage, but it was
really nice. We still have it today. What about
a trailer? Did you ever use that?
A trailer would have been really good,

[23:01]
but unfortunately for us, we just didn't have
space at our house to have a trailer. So yeah
and also we're more in a suburban neighborhood,
so trailers weren't as ideal. Okay. So you buy
this 75, 000 dump truck. Are you out of
pocket while you're waiting for it? Or
did you have to just put a deposit down?
I believe it was a deposit. Okay. Yeah. So how
did your marketing efforts go once you'd made that
pivot to junk removal? Did you find it harder to
find only junk removal clients to fill all your
time or was it even easier? It was really hard
actually. And we, it was a slow transition
into it. We knew like, this is our priority,
but if we need to make money right now to pay
off this truck, we'll do moving jobs.
We'll do landscape removals. Like Brush piles,
all that, and it just slowly started to niche
down to junk removal over time. But we knew
that that was our main goal. All right. So

[24:01]
what happens when the dumpster arrives? Like,
do you have jobs to be able to use it? Does it
sit empty? Like, is it stressing you out?
Are you able to just put it right to work? Yeah,
we just used it to work with what we were
doing before, and it made everything so
much more efficient that we had more time at
the end of the day to, to build the business,
go market, and we would market by networking
with realtors and just going out and establishing
ourselves however we could, whether it was
building our website, going on Facebook,
Whatever we could do yard signs too.
We started doing yard signs around that time
too. Tell me about like your tech stack. Like
what were you using for website and your CRM?
Did you have automations? Like was it pen and
pad? What did that look like? Even to this day,
we still use Apple notes for our scheduling.
Like we don't even have a CRM yet.
We're literally in the next month I think
we're probably gonna get a CRM or start to
use one We haven't done any of that because
at the end of the day The way we looked at it

[25:02]
is like you get junk you put it in the jerk
in the truck and you get paid Everyone else
is focusing on all these little details and
getting distracted from the main thing.
That's making you money So we just kept our
focus narrow and focused on making money. And
then over time, three years later is now when
we're starting to focus on the automations. Now
that we figured out how to make money where a lot
of other people figure out on all the other stuff,
first spend all their money on automations before
they even figure out how to make money.
It's an advanced form of procrastination. They
feel productive. Like, all right, now we got
the website. Let's go follow LLC. And, really
they're just like afraid to start deep down,
but they can't admit that to themselves.
Right? Yeah. It could be that for some
people. Okay. So what did the second year
look like if year one was 120 grand?
Yeah. The second year with the The pickup truck
and dump truck duo. We did 460 K in sales.
That's 2022. Yes. That's also when we started
hiring employees. I mean, I still drove the

[26:05]
dump truck most of the time for 2022. It was
mostly me driving, but we slowly started to
let our employees help as we, we realized
that we could trust them to drive too.
Did you have to get a CDL to drive that?
No, it's like a U Haul. Like you don't
need a regular driver's license. Okay. Was
hiring a challenge? And did you have to hire
people older than you? What broke in the hiring
process? I mean, nothing really was broken. And,
but like with hiring, it was just our
friends and that it was also junk teens.
So it made more sense to hire people our age
too. We just realized eventually that like good
people make everyone's life. Life easier and
don't like it might be cheaper and it might be
easier to find someone who is a B player or a C
player, but putting in the effort to find the A
players. The best of the best was
worth all the time and effort.

[27:02]
And it took us a few months to learn that.
Okay. Did you ever have a kind of a sticky
situation where you had to hire or fire a
friend or an awkward experiences with hiring
and firing friends? Not until recently.
We had one guy that actually stole from
us recently. And this was our first time
ever really having to fire someone.
And it was really hard for us. We've had people
with our company For the last three years,
helping us and people don't really want to
leave once they come and work with us. So
never really dealt with firing. It's more like
we will have someone in the beginning. And if
we don't call them back but we had someone
that kind of like was managing our phones
and they were doing junk removal on the
side and started messaging our customers,
like taking our customers and
doing jobs on the side.
That's technically stealing. We paid me
to get those customers and that money now
isn't being used for to build our business.
And like that, we just had to fire someone

[28:03]
because of that. It's funny how like you could
back to the advanced forms of procrastination,
you could sit there and like watch YouTube
videos and read books and listen to podcasts
about like how to hire, how to fire, how
to manage friends, how to do all this.
But like the end of the day, you're, You
just have to go through it. You have to
screw up to learn it yourself. The best way
to learn is through your own mistakes. Like,
you can learn through other people and it can
reconfirm your own thoughts. But like, just doing
what other people say, you're never, you'll
never have your own sense of direction.
If you want to be an entrepreneur, you're
working for yourself. And other people's advice
is really good, but like, Your own experience
is definitely the biggest thing that will help
you become a better leader and create the best
lessons for yourself. Yeah. And a lot of times
you don't even know if the advice you're hearing
is based on real experience or just, they're just
regurgitating someone else's theory.
Like I've had so many people say, Oh,
don't hire friends and family. Don't do it
because you're awkward and yada and it gets, and

[29:04]
relationships are more, and it's like, okay, but
like tactically, how do you do that? Yeah. Like I
go hire some rando off Craigslist that could
be a class a felon. Like, no, tactically you
have to hire your friends and family because
there's built in trust from day one.
And that is worth more than anything. And yeah,
it's going to get a little hairy, but it's going
to get hairy when you hire randos as well, but you
just have to. Hiring family definitely changes the
dynamic of your family. Like if you have a
certain dynamic of your family that doesn't
involve business and you start working with
family, it will completely change that.
But it was already kind of the dynamic
of our family to begin with. So it just
made sense for us. Everyone's situation is
different too. So it's not really fair to say,
don't do this because every person's situation
is different. And you, and also it's not good
to take advice from. Just considering
only someone else's situation too.

[30:00]
I've noticed when I hire family, I have a rule
where like, when we're like together as a family,
like Thanksgiving, we don't talk business at
all. Like we're there together as family members,
but on the job site, like it's another employee.
You just have to keep it as separate as possible.
Exactly. So on the 460 grand you did
year two, how much of that was profit
and how diligent were you in record keeping?
On top of that, for sure. We have an accountant,
a bookkeeper, and my mom has also been guiding
us through all of the financial stuff in the
beginning. Cause that's what she does for her
business too. But we've always been on top of
that since the beginning. And it's like a huge
part of staying organized and scaling too.
And was that your only question? No profit.
What was your profit that year? Oh, profit.
I'd have to go back and think it might've
been a 50%, but we were also reinvested
like all of that too for the most part. It's
interesting that even in high margin industries,

[31:00]
if you're in a high growth phase, you might
not take anything out of the business because
you're just reinvesting at all.
Yeah, exactly. Okay. So then what did
year three look like? 2023 Yeah, we just, we
continued upgrading all around. We started
really spending money on marketing, upgrading
our team, our resources. We rented a warehouse,
bought another truck, just continued upgrading and
building. And then we pretty much doubled.
From last year or from the 2022. Wow. And then
how's this year looking? This year is a big
experimental year for us. So we didn't focus
as much on building the business. Actually,
right now we are really focused on it, but
there's been a big time period where I was
very focused on the social media and that's
also probably how you found us too.
So the reason why I did that is really to
establish ourselves in the junk removal
industry as. As an authority, but also just
showing people how we're serious and really
getting people to know who we are before they
know us as people. So it was big for networking

[32:04]
and future unexpected opportunities.
So while we're young, it's, it was worth
taking that time period and that risk. And I
began building a team around the content so
I can continue to focus on the business while
the content is still running. And that's how
we've been able to grow our YouTube channel too.
Yeah. I'm curious, like where you're at today,
like how many trucks you have, what your
plans are for taking over the world.
Yeah. So I think in the future, franchising is
definitely a possibility here, but we want to
scale to two or three locations and then decide if
franchising is what we want to do. And we're can,
we're currently focusing on systemizing this
location so that it could run. Without us,
obviously, if it got to the point where it can run
without us, the profits will be really low.
So then we would be focusing our time at that
point on establishing our second location,

[33:02]
which will probably be in about a couple years
when I'm out of college is when I see us opening
the second location. So at least for the next
two years, we're going to be looking at every
little inch of our business and how we want
to scale what direction we want to go.
And in the longterm I could see franchising as
an option and I think it would make sense. I just
don't know for sure. And then currently
where we're at is we have three trucks,
a warehouse and a crew of full time guys.
Some of them that have decided not to go
to college to work with us full time.
And just like so many people want to work for
us. It's crazy. And that's a big thing that the
social media has done is create like an endless
labor supply. Because I, that's one of the things
I've done is show how fun it is, what we do and
build our culture, build the company culture
to like, just posting on social media.
Isn't going to get you anywhere. You have
to really put in your effort. It's not just

[34:02]
creating a video. It's like posting. So where
we're at now is also having that tool of our
social media. And. We've, done a lot of upgrades
on our warehouse and we're currently working on
our in house recycling facility where we
like, we'll process loads in house so we
can donate most of it and recycle.
So we're saving on dump fees but we're
also helping the world and that's what we're
currently focusing on. That's amazing. How big
is your team today? We have about two to four
full timers and then about 20 part timers on
call. Okay. And with three trucks, have you
had to change your outreach efforts?
Any like if you had to get more intentional about
keeping all three trucks on the road at all times?
Or is it still, you know, aggressively
chasing referrals, yard signs next door,
et cetera. We're doing Google ads now and paid
Facebook ads. And that's been consistent for us.

[35:01]
We're doing similar numbers this year than what
we were last summer, but that totally makes sense
because we've been putting a lot of effort
into areas that don't directly return.
Like the social media is all direct
value because we can, you know,
and I would say. Like it's not really easy to ever
think it's going to be consistent because one week
we could make 20k another week We can make 40k
and it's all over the place But you are finding
some good like more consistent luck with paid
Google and Facebook ads Yeah, definitely.
I'd say that probably is about 40 percent of
our busyness comes from the paid ads but 60%
Or more will just come from what we put into
our service and the experience we give to our
customers and then them telling everyone
about us. People really can tell when you
put in your effort and when you care, because
for us, it's not only about the money.

[36:00]
We really like helping people and people
feel that. So it's not easy. It's not
actually very often to find a service
or a company that you work with that,
that really goes all in above and beyond on what
they're giving you. What would you say to a 15 or
a 17 year old wanting to start junk removal?
Like if you could go back in time, what would you
have done differently from day one about this
business? And would you encourage someone to
do junk removal or to try something else? Because
sometimes business owners are so jaded and they're
like, Oh, you don't want to do it because
X, Y, and Z. And sometimes they're like,
no, it's a great business.
I mean, when I first started,
my only goal was to make money. And now obviously
money is, I see it differently. It's a tool that's
needed to achieve my goals. But if I were Like
going back to when I was 15, I would say it's
hard because everyone's situation is different.
Like I wouldn't say stick with one thing for us
being able to experiment with all the different
services was really good in the beginning because

[37:03]
it allowed us to see what works best for us.
So I'd recommend trying that eventually not just
thinking like you can build some empire by doing
everything by being the Jack of all trades,
but master of not. You should experiment and
then figure out what you're best at and then
stick to that and just become the best at that one
thing. The times when I've seen the most success
is when I've gotten all in on just one thing,
whether it's building the Junk Marimba Company,
building the social media, whatever it is.
It's like all my effort is going into that one
thing and nothing else matters. So keeping
the focus narrow and blocking out. The
distractions to like, you'll eventually fall
in love with the grind and the results more
than you will whatever friends or whatever
other fun things you're doing in life.
You know, there were a lot of yeah, I used to
love cars a lot. And like, and there were certain
things I used to really love doing with my free
time. But eventually, I've found more Dopamine in

[38:02]
the productive success and results coming from
the company than I did every other fun area of
life. And you can really start to shift your
mind to adjust, to enjoy different things.
And it's just harder. It's hard to
do that. Cause it's much easier to
have fun doing like sports or playing video
games, but it's not as, it's not as easy to
do something that most people won't do and then
be successful with it and fall in love with that.
That's what I would say. And it's hard to find the
confidence, but honestly this is probably the most
simple and the best advice I can give.