[00:00]
﻿Here's another idea. So you talk about going on
the cold email side, going niche, going small,
he's only emailing a hundred people. It works
great. I think there's room for a cold email
agency that goes completely the opposite
direction. Cause I think most email agencies
today are in the middle where it's like, they're
going to email thousands of people a month,
but now they have tools like mail scale
instantly, where with a couple of clicks,
you can create a hundred email accounts.
Right. With a hundred different proxies,
you can warm up all a hundred over the 21
day period. And then you can be sending 000
cold emails a month or a day, whatever
you want. Like use your imagination.
I'm going to try this actually with
Welcome to the Kerner office. You are going
to love today's episode because I interviewed my
friend Sam Thompson and he is a growth hacker at
his core. He has. All kinds of knowledge
about tools and growth hacking tools and
cold emailing and all this. So we talked a lot
about starting a cold emailing agency.

[01:04]
We talked about a dozen different
tools, not just a cold emailing agency,
but using cold email to grow your own business in
unique ways. Maybe you have an agency that sends
a hundred emails a month. That's highly niche,
highly targeted. Maybe you have one that sends
10 million emails a month, which is no, no one's
really doing, but with AI it's possible now.
Anyway, so we talk a lot about cold emailing.
Some growth hacks, and then we talk about using
influencers to sell high ticket products
where you never have to buy it. You can
gauge demand before you invest a dollar. It
was like pure content, pure meat, no milk all
throughout this. Here's a couple acronyms
that he used that you might not know.
Tam is a total addressable market. CAC is customer
acquisition cost. LTV is a lifetime value. Anyway,
enjoy. Okay. Well, Sam, welcome to the
Kerner office. This is my friend Sam
and we were office mates and then he moved back
to California. And I love Sam because he's all
like myself and I love myself as well.
And Sam, why don't you tell us who you are

[02:00]
and what you're about? Sick dude. This is
always my least favorite part of being on
any podcast ever. How do I describe what I do?
Been in internet entrepreneurship since I was
like 15 flipping iPhones on eBay. We're at 27
now. Basically we've touched everything under
the sun when it comes to online business. So many
successes and failures along the way. Right now,
super focused on running quicker HQ, which is
a holding company of digital service providers
mostly in web, SEO, and PPC. A mix of, traditional
service and then tech enabled. I wouldn't push it
into software quite yet, but getting there.
But tech enabled service for sure. And then also
co-founder of creative OS, which is a software
that helps e-commerce brands essentially provide
templates for ad creatives and emails and landing
pages to help them improve conversion rates,
full funnel. And so those are really the two.
The two things that I'm focused on right now,

[03:00]
there's a handful of business ideas
that that I want to go and chase,
but my mantra for 2024 is no new businesses.
And so we're trying to, I know it's led to many
sleepless nights. And, just waking up sweating
but it's, yeah, I need to get these couple things
where they need to go and then we'll start to
explore new options. Well, that gives you lots
of opportunities to talk about what you're
not going to launch on this podcast.
You know, dude, you know, I'm in, we'll
see if someone else can take advantage.
Okay. What would you say your superpower is? In
life or in business or both. I'd say probably
connecting puzzle pieces is like, I think I have a
pretty good view of like how things plug together,
which like you can see very tangibly in a
bunch of like the no code stuff, right?
Like that's a very direct example of like, Oh,
tool a meets tool B to create whatever result.
But I think that, like living through that logic
is what allows me to do everything. Cause I've
seen a lot of stuff and so I can just see how
things play into each other a little bit better

[04:03]
than I think some people can and then being
able to just go and execute on that.
Yeah. I mean, we've had so many conversations
where I told you an idea and you're like,
have you thought about trying this or attacking it
this way or this tool or this person on Instagram,
you need to go copy what he's doing. Yeah. So I
would agree. You're good at that. Kind of like a,
you know, they have super connectors
for people and you're like a super
connector for ideas and tools, right?
All the little tools and hacks. I'm over here
like, I know. Have you heard of Shopify? And
you're like, I was like how we met. Actually,
you were like, we were talking about Shopify. And
I was like, Oh, have you ever heard of this tool?
And then remember we were at whole co was a
whole cone main street at main street.
And you were like, dude, this thing has improved
their stuff by 70%. And I was like, Oh, one
combo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And now Mr. Beast uses
AMP. Look at that, dude. Look at that. I'm an
unofficial advisor. I'm going to go ahead and
announce it right now because this is actually

[05:02]
true. Sam told me about this pop up software
called Amped in person at Main Street.
We went and installed it on our website. It
worked amazingly. Like the e commerce manager for
MrBeast followed me on Twitter. I DM'd him. I was
like, Hey, what's up man? Oh, he DM'd me first,
which was amazing. And he's like, Hey, I love
your content. And I was like, Hey, wow. Okay,
cool. And I made him a loom. About amped and I
was like, dude, you got to try this on Mr.
B's website. He never responds. And then three
months later, there's this big announcement
about how his website's crushing it because
of him. And so that came from you through me,
through that guy, all the way to Mr. Beast.
Now Mr. Beast is making even more billions of
dollars and we're not because of your idea.
You know what it is, dude? It's okay. It's all
good karma. Also, by the way, this is not
an ad for Amped but I think they're doing
something shady. Like, this is obviously
not an ad for Amped now, but like. We,
so we're cheap and we amped us like 400 a month
and my partner is even more cheap than I am.

[06:01]
And he was like, I'm going to see if I can
recreate what this pop up does in Clavio. And he
did. And it's the same thing. It's four questions,
same questions, same answers. You click it
strategically introduced friction. And it's like
40 percent less conversion rate. We've had the
same thing. My buddy, Bobby Callahan from retentia
who was the one that told me about AMP.
So he's actually the unofficial advisor to
Mr. Beast. Yeah. He runs a retentio agency.
They're like one of the best retention
agencies in direct consumer. And he had
his team do the exact same thing for multiple
clients, like direct one to one dupe and could
never create the results and has no idea.
What it's about, dude, you know what I think it
is. And I don't know how they would pull this off
without people knowing, but I think they're just
doing what retention does. And that's just like
snag emails on the backend through cookies without
like the, and technically it's legal, right?
That's why retention is this huge business.
They would be out of business if it were
against the can spam act or whatever.
But I think they're just supplementing. I think
they're just supplementing with what else could

[07:04]
it be? I don't know. Like the only thing that
we've thought was like, like speed, but I don't
know if it'd have that big of an impact if
it's like, you know, like, I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. It's an interesting
one. I haven't, done the deep dive, but I'll,
ping Bobby and let you know what's up. Okay.
All right. I want to start with something that
I just learned this morning. Okay. A little
idea. So I have a podcast obviously, and I get
emails probably once a day from people.
Asking, it's basically an agency for people
trying to get other podcasters on my podcast to
grow their podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And these
cold emails are the worst. And it's like, Hey,
my name is Sharon from so and so and it's like
700 words. And they just plug in the name of my
podcast, which is the Kerner office dash business
ideas slash growth hack, yada, yada.
So it's like, I really love listening to the
Kerner office dash business ideas slash growth.
It's like, stop, just stop. I do the same thing

[08:01]
on my LinkedIn, my LinkedIn name. Okay. I put
the rocket ship emoji in it. So then I know when
someone just scrapes it, I'm just getting the
scrape because then the rocket shows up.
Well, when I was anonymous on Twitter, my name was
mobile home park guy. My first name was mobile and
people would say hey mobile. How are you doing
today? Yeah, anyway So I get these emails and
it's always from the same lady named Sharon
and they're like giving the whole bio of this
person that they're representing.
Anyway, I just got the scoop on this
agency. She has 60 customers paying 1, 500 a
month to guarantee four podcast interviews a
month. Yeah. 90 grand a month, basically
all profit from cold email automation.
Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Okay. I'm not mad. I'm
not mad. I mean, I am, but I'm not. So here's
my genius, innovative business idea.
Exactly. Copy that. Except better. That's
it for sure. For sure. It's like, yeah, I would
do it. I mean, like the piece of guaranteeing

[09:05]
the placements is the interesting part. I
do think like on a macro though, I mean,
we've had some conversations about my buddy
Jack, but like applying cold email to like
very specific use cases like that.
Yeah. Talk about the connector thing. You
can keep them anonymous if you want. I'll keep
them anonymous. You can change the industry or
whatever. Yeah. So basically he's a sick dude.
So a lot of success. I'm trying to think about
how to talk about this anonymously, dude. It's
so hard. That's okay. I'm trying to think.
I got it. I got it. Okay. You ready? Go. Yeah. He
helps. International students get into the schools
that they're trying to get into. Yeah. Yeah,
that's perfect. He basically applies B2B cold
email outreach techniques and strategies to help
international students connect. With advisors that
made her major universities, but it's a cold
email agency, like at the bones, right?
Like it's just a cold email agency. Like we're
going to set up your flows. We're going to write

[10:01]
your personalized lines. We're going to do
right. All of the stuff that is cold email,
but instead of trying to generate leads for a
business, the same way everybody else is. He's
doing it for students and he's the brilliance
is he's selling it to desperate parents.
I see desperate, but like highly motivated parents
that will do anything to get their kid into the
school that they want to get him into. Right.
Right. And so it's like name your price and what
is he charging between three and five K. And he
only does that niche. So if I go to him and say,
Hey, I do cold email for podcasting.
It's no, I don't do that. No, not at all.
And so it's the same for the podcast one
where it's cold email applied to a very
specific use case. And I think there's
more like, you know what I mean? Like,
I think there's, it goes back to the question you
said before we started recording, like. There's
people that are in specific niches that like,
that's valuable to, I think one, one is like
that I've been thinking about is like a lower
priced version of that for creators, right?

[11:07]
Like if you can go get a creator that has 30,
000 followers on Instagram and 30, 000 on Tik
TOK that wants to get brand deals. Right. And you
just build out a directory of all of the email
addresses of all the direct to consumer brands
and say, this person likes fitness and fashion and
be able to send X number of cold emails on behalf
of the influencer to try to connect them with the
brand rep. I think that you could charge 500 bucks
a month to send a hundred emails a month to a
creator. Right. And there's hundreds of thousands
of people that want to monetize their social like
that. And so like, it's that same model of it's
like what we used to do for like musicians.
Like everyone thinks about Facebook ads is like
lead gen. Right. But there's dudes out there that
are running Facebook ad agencies to help musicians
get more streams. Right. Right. And it's just like

[12:00]
applying the same skillset to an underserved
market. Like, how do you connect that? And it
can happen in all different growth channels
times a billion different industries.
I agree. And it's somewhat risky because it's
unproven. Right. Like it's always sexy on the
surface to say, I'm going to take this and put
it over here. Cause no one's doing it. Well,
either no one's doing it because they haven't
done it yet and it's going to crash or because
people have tried it and it didn't work.
So they went back to what's already working.
Right. How much is your buddy on this cold email
agency making? How many customers does he have?
Last you check? I think he's, he probably averages
before between like 40 and 60 a month. Yeah. I'm
assuming 80 to 90 percent margin. Like his team is
super lean. Like it's not like he just uses.
Cold email tools. Like it's not and he's
also not doing like mass. Like these are
targeted emails to the specific schools that
these international students want to get into.
And so he's only really sending a hundred emails
for them. And so it's not, yeah, it's not the most

[13:06]
complicated thing. What I like about that business
is you can just recycle the same emails.
You've got all the emails for the
schools or the recruiters or. And
with a lot of cold email agencies, you can
sell someone, but then they're like, okay,
where are my leads? And you're like, you don't
have leads. Oh, can you give me my leads? It's
like, that's a whole nother business. But with
this, that question is already answered.
He's using the same leads for everyone.
What I don't like about that business is
the fact that. The churn is just by nature
of the business, probably high because two,

[14:00]
three months, you're good. You're done. You've
succeeded. And he doesn't, he actually doesn't
sell it as recurring. It's one time. So he goes,
he goes higher ticket one time purchase.
I like it because of that, right? Like the moment
the student gets into the school, like they,
they don't need them anymore. And so he just
was like, we're not going to deal with that.
The thing that I really like about that business.
It's a forever replenishing tan. Yeah, there you
go. Like forever. What you lose in recurring, you
gain in more people entering every semester.
Every year, like unless people are going to stop
having kids that they want to send to college like
he's got, I don't know what it is in the U S but
like millions and millions of people that are now
becoming his target market. That weren't two years
ago. And when he sees success with the oldest kid,
his LTV a year and a half later, right?
Like, and so like over, over time, I mean,

[15:06]
look, we've had long conversations. I think he
could run a very, very substantial business. It
already is like, yeah. It's really like his first
business, like, well, to me, a good analogy would
be like a massage envy, which is like highly
recurring. You sign up for a membership,
people keep coming back and that's what makes it
a great business versus a zip line business.
Where it's like, there's no recurring business,
but you get to enjoy new tourists coming into
town every day, every month, right?
There's always a fresh crop of people,
right? There's just trade offs and what trade
offs do you want to make? It's the question.
Here's another idea. So you talked about going
on the cold email side, going niche, going small,
he's only emailing a hundred people.
It works great. I think there's room for a cold
email agency that goes completely the opposite
direction. Cause I think most email agencies
today are in the middle where it's like, they're
going to email thousands of people a month,

[16:02]
but now they have tools like mail scale
instantly where like with a couple clicks,
you can create a hundred email accounts.
Right. With a hundred different proxies,
you can warm up all a hundred over the 21
day period, and then you can be sending 10,
cold emails a month or a day, whatever you want,
like use your imagination. I'm going to try
this actually with. So I'm launching another
podcast. We haven't even talked about this,
not a business podcast, total nonprofit.
It's for my religion. And I'm going to be
interviewing parents of grown children to talk
about, it's called, how'd you do it? Like,
tell me how you raised your kids and kept
them in the faith. Right. So I'm not going to
monetize it or anything, but I want to grow it.
I want people to hear it. Right. And so.
I don't, I'm not going to tell you how, but
I have acquired the list of like hundreds of
thousands of alumni for any university, right.
Based on whatever school they went to. And so
to grow the podcast, I'm going to use
cold email, which no one does because

[17:00]
the economics don't really make sense. Right.
It's like, Hey, subscribe to my podcast.
It's not even monetized. And your click rate
is 2 percent like it doesn't make sense. But
I think with these new AI tools out there,
it does. And so I'm going to basically email.
Everyone that ever went to BYU. And say like,
Hey, did you go to BYU? A simple question.
And it's like, okay, who is this?
And my response rate should be like 20
to 30 percent cause I'll follow up. And then once
they say yes, it's like, okay, awesome. I assume
you listen to podcasts. I just launched this.
I'm really passionate about it. I don't monetize
it. So it's funny. Like you use that as a sales
pitch that I don't make any money on this.
That's my sales pitch. Is you should listen
to this because I have nothing to gain other
than your, your eternal life. And then it's
like, and then once they respond, I just have
an auto responder to say, awesome. Thank you
so much. Here's a link to it. So like it's
strategically introduced friction. You don't send
a link right up front that could get you.
Blacklisted anyway, you start a conversation once
you qualify them and you have an automation, just

[18:03]
send a link to the podcast. What do you think? I'm
vibing on that for sure. I like that scale. Have
you seen my Twitter thread? The send 1. 4 million
cold emails in 11 days. I think, I think so.
Yeah. Using just Google. Did you do that? Do that
with like your Instagram agency business? Yeah.
Like way back in the day, like 20 and G mass and
G mass. Yeah. G mass. Yeah. We had, we had like 50
G suite accounts that were sending between, A
thousand and two thousand emails programmatically
a day using google sheets and gmask.
I don't remember all the stats off the top
of my head We sent to and the reality on that
sort of thing is it has to be a mass market
product You run out of emails, right, like it
has to be like literally You know, you can't go
sling some niche service to that and for us it
was A community for like content creators.
And so similar to you won't get into the details
of how we acquired the list, but had a fat list

[19:05]
of all of these Instagram creators and just
literally blasted them all. And all of it was
leading into products that were to support people
in getting brand deals. And so our subject line
was brand opportunity for at their username.
And so it wasn't like, right? Like it wasn't like
a pitch to do anything. It was just like,
Hey, we came across your profile. We have
a couple of brands that we thought would be
a good fit. If you're interested. Apply here
to give us your details. And we had, we
sent like 1. 4 million. I want to say we
had over a hundred thousand applications and
like 30 people end up in the community.
Working with brands, growing, buying our
digital products, signing up for the software,
like the whole crazy ecosystem that we had.
And so, yeah, I think mass cold email is an

[20:04]
interesting game. It's just very dependent
on the market size of the market. Yeah.
I mean, and you could do it with. You could do it
a lot of stuff, but you agree that a lot of people
aren't doing that. Like there are indie hackers
out there like you and I that are doing it for
themselves, but I think most agencies are like,
all right, I have this B2B SAS customer.
I'm going to get them five appointments a
week and I'm going to charge four grand a
month for that. Yeah. Yeah. And I think a lot
of that also though, that comes down to like,
if you were going to sell that as an agency,
Your TAM as the agency is small. And I think
that's a challenge of like, who's going to
hire that agency to go that mass market.
If I had to pick one, if I was
going to go serve. An agency,
which like there's guys that do this, it would
be micro influencer seeding for e com brands.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Like, Hey, let me send you free,
like a free something. And like the guys over at,

[21:06]
I forget the name of their company. Kinship
kinship does something similar to that, which like
maybe they don't need more, but that was kind of
like loosely the vibe for a while was like, we're
going to go and just like blast emails out to
all of these micro influencers Josh Durham.
On Twitter has played in that world
a little bit. That would be like,
if I was going to start an agency for mass cold
email, it would be in like sparking UGC affiliate
programs for e com brands. Like we're going to
go hit user generated content, user generated
content for e com brands. Would be my play because
you can see like Quagga house, H U E G A.
I don't know if I'm saying that right. They're
a hat brand or like just a lifestyle brand.
They run all of their Facebook ads to
join their affiliate program. And then
when you join their affiliate program, you
get a code, you get a coupon code for your
first purchase. And so that's their funnel.
That's their actual top of funnel. Like I get ad,

[22:05]
I have not bought a product from them. The only
ads that I ever see from them are to join their
ambassador program. And so, they're using paid to
go and pursue that cold is just another channel
that can lever into that same mechanism.
And so, that would be if I had to pick an
industry to go and do mass cold email for.
I think econ is the way that's so interesting that
their funnel is that because shoot, you might
spend 40 or 50 to find an affiliate. And then,
how many of those affiliates are
actually going to do stuff for you,
but it must work. And what percentage of them?
They've been running those ads for 12 months.
Like I've talked about this with my friends last
year. Like it's definitely a thing. And it's like,
what percentage of applicants end
up buying? What's the average LTV
of an affiliate verse or an ambassador versus
just a standard customer. Right? Like I'd be,
I'd love to see their data. I just, I want to know
that's the stuff that's interesting to me.

[23:02]
I just love these industries that are like,
there's just so much opportunity still out
there. And these are the things I've talked about
here on the pod, like rollups, there's like 3000
different industries and maybe like 45 of them
have been rolled up. Okay, so we got a long way
to go. We've got cold email agencies, right?
There's 3000 different industries and like cold
email agencies are selling actively into
like 1 percent of them. Right. And then
you've got Facebook ads. Yeah. Going in the
Facebook ad library and just shopping around,
typing in random keywords and seeing, okay,
t shirt t shirt course course. Got it.
Got it. Got. Oh, interesting. This guy's building,
selling tool shed plans. On with a Facebook ad,
huh? I could go to Etsy and buy toolshed
plans for 5. He's selling the same thing
for 50. Huh? Like there are so many things
you can sell with Facebook and Google ads
that just haven't been thought about yet.
Right? And so then when you see something that
breaks your frame, it's like, all right, this
person's losing money. And they just have, they

[24:02]
don't know it yet, or they're just learning, and
this is a test and it won't be around in a week.
Or wow. I can tell by the comments that this ad
has been running the same ad for 18 months.
Directly in the ad library, you can see it where
it's like, Oh, this one's been cruising for a
minute. I mean, that's what happened with neon
bears. Right. When I saw that, I was like looking
for competitors. Tell us about that business and
experience. Just briefly, what was your thesis
like I do. What did you see on Facebook? I saw an
actual local business, a brick and mortar in LA,
that was essentially saying that there's
like these Acrylic or like plastic bear
molds. Right. And you could go to their
shop and it was like a date night activity
where you can go and paint these bears.
Right. And it was dope. Like you can pour the
paint over it. And it was like this very visual
experience. And they were, I think they're at
like 20 or 30, 000 followers. They've had a couple
of posts go viral. I was like, Oh, like that's a

[25:02]
sick product. I don't want to have to go in. To
their physical location in LA to do this.
I just want to be able to buy it on the internet
and do it at my house. And so I just went over to
handy dandy alley express and started doing some
digging and found the kits for those bears. Did
they look the exact same? Is this where the shop
was buying them from? Yeah, literally. Yeah.
Directly the exact same situation. Let me just
make sure I have this right. It was a one retail
local business in LA. They were going viral
for this product that they only had on site.
They didn't sell them online at all. No, you
could buy, you could buy the blank bear on
like the, in the footer on their website.
Like it wasn't even by paint. You couldn't like,
it was not, they weren't focused on e comm
at all. They're good at art, bad at business.
Yeah. Cause it's like, if you have anything
go viral on Instagram, like a lot of times,
like, let's say you have an HVAC business and you
have a funny video go, or like you see those car,
those car businesses are going viral, right.
Or they'll remix an Instagram video and then like,

[26:02]
Hey, what, come, come to Cleveland, Dodge
Chevrolet. Yeah. Like you can't do anything
with that. Right. It's cool. It's funny. But
if you have a retail business that sells stuff
in a boutique that could sell online and you
go viral as in 99 percent of people viewing,
that could never go to your store and you don't
capitalize on it, then it just means like.
You're in it for the love of the game and not for
business. And that's fine, but for people like us,
anyway, keep going. I want to play. I'm like,
I'll play online. That's fine. And so, yeah,
just I found the product on Aliexpress, with
eight different kits with eight different colors,
I went over to solo drop which is a Shopify
plugin for one product stores that are
conversion optimized, big fan of those guys over
there, built the store in an afternoon.
Made some ad creatives with creative OS, of
course, obviously, and then launched the ads
and did, I don't know, a couple of thousand
bucks in the first week. At about breakeven

[27:02]
between ad spending cogs. And this was
four or five months ago and definitely
could have turned on the jets.
I was like, I took the videos from
that local business. And turn those into ads. I
just put an overlay over their caption to like,
just test it and see what was going on. Or
in like Googled fluid bears is like what
they're technically called. Gender fluid bears.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. The most gender fluid.
But yeah, and so ran those and CAC was good. Like
margin could have been improved if I went to like,
not just drop shipping them directly off
AliExpress. Like if I was going to go buy 5, 000
bears, I could get them for like a buck 50 each.
And so margin could have gone up, but yeah,
it just ended up being like not worth the time at
the, yeah, the opportunity cost situation.
Yeah. Like I was like, am I really, like we
have, yeah, I can't be, I can't be put in two
hours a day into like really turning this into
a thing, but it's the same thing where like,

[28:00]
there's just people selling stuff through channels
that like you don't even realize is happening. And
then you go like, Oh wait, like I can apply my
own skillsets that like, how do you play?
Yeah. Okay. Here's an idea that just came to me.
So back to the. So this is the whole framework
of finding a physical location business that is
doing really well on social media and not trying
to capitalize on it. Right. There's probably
no shortage of those back to my example of
these car dealerships that will take, a viral
video format, and then they'll remix it.
Three, four, six seconds into it and then say,
Hey, they'll kind of comment on it. Have you seen
that? And they'll say, come down to, you know,
Chrysler, Dodge, Chevrolet. We have a deal. Like,
okay, that's hilarious. But no one's
coming to your car dealership. You could,
round up all the car dealerships doing that.
You could build a concierge car buying service,
which is a thing. There's one called car edge. I
had this business myself 10 years ago with Nick.
It was called Presto cars. You go to the auctions.
People pay you 800 to a thousand bucks. They say,
this is the car I want. Here's my
price range. There's no haggling.

[29:02]
You buy it a wholesale and you ship it around
the country to them. Right. And they save a
few grand and they don't have to have the
typical in store experience, which everyone
hates. You can go to these guys and just say,
Hey you don't need to do anything. Right. Just
post videos about us every now and then
or you could just white label it.
You say, Hey Cleveland Chevy Dodge now offers
concierge car buying service around the country
and they don't do anything. They just white
label the whole service to one company in the
middle of the country that is going to auctions
and buying cars and shipping it all over the
country. I love it. I love it.
That's like a no brainer. It's a no
brainer because these dealerships are
never going to do that themselves. No,
they'd never touch it. Like They don't even,
they don't even have that thought. You know what
I mean? They're just like, like their whole
team is sitting there. Like, how do we get
more people to walk in the door tomorrow?
Right. Not like, how do we maximize value creation
off the back of this traffic? Like, that's just
not how people think, most people, but I'm with
that. I think there's so many, there's so many
businesses like that, I also have been thinking
about like when you talk about entrepreneurship
and like people stepping into it for the first

[30:03]
time, I think there's like a lot of glory that
goes into wanting to run this massive enterprise
and like, Oh, I'm going to go make millions
and millions of dollars, which like.
Not saying that shouldn't be the goal, but I
think like a business like that is perfect.
Like a car salesman to go and run who's probably
making 80 to 120 a year. Do I think that he could
go net 300 to 400 by doing that? Yeah. Yeah.
And it's not like, Oh, you're going to go net
5 million a year off this, like you, you could,
but like, do I think that there's like, there's
so many businesses like that, that people could
go and just like actually double their income and
have the freedom to like run your own thing that
where it doesn't have to be massive, it doesn't
have to be, you don't have to raise VC.
Like you could be a single dude that just doing
that. And go change your life in a less meaning,
less meaningful way of like, Oh, I'm going to go

[31:03]
make 5 million bucks. But it's like, dude, for
the homie, that's making 80 grand a year, like
making 200 matters, like doing the same stuff, the
same thing. Like you're still selling cars.
Gee, like just do it in a little bit more of
an efficient manner that like, you know, dude,
so. I told you about the, this perfume vending
business, right? A little bit. I told you about
this perfume. No, no. I'm saying like
the updates. Yes. Yeah. So I've already
talked all about it. So I won't go into it. Long
story short, Sam is the one that told me about
this perfume vending business back in March.
I reached out to them. We started a conversation.
It fell apart, not fell apart, but we just
didn't follow up. I moved on to something
else. And then I went to my content library
two weeks ago. I saw this video and I was like,
I'm going to kind of remix this and say, Oh,
I think you should do this. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I post a video. It goes viral. Thousands of
people reach out wanting to buy these machines,
reach out to the company, put up a website,
capture all the leads. Now my best sales guy
has been having calls all week. We've
sent out six figures worth of invoices.

[32:03]
Nothing has been paid yet. I will say,
but it's looking really good.
Anyway, that's not the point. The point of
this is to say one thing that I'm going to
start testing. Is finding other high ticket
products like that on Instagram that already
has a video that goes viral. For instance, I
saw one that is like the most rant. This is
a product that no one would ever think of.
It is a wood drying machine. Like it's a mobile
kiln for drying out wood. Because like,
if you want to have a barbecue restaurant,
you can't just cut down an Oak tree and throw
it in the smoker. You got to season it and it
takes six months or you put it in a kiln and
you can dry it over a couple of days.
Right. Time is money. And so there are businesses
that do this, but these guys sell this thing and
it's 20 grand. And what's unique about it
is it attaches to a 20 or 40 foot shipping
container for mobile. Yeah. And they've had these
videos go, and I say viral loosely, they've gotten
like 500, 000 views on Instagram, but like how
many of those are actually going to buy?

[33:04]
Very few. And so I'm starting to experiment.
Since the perfume vending one went viral with
taking videos like that, green screening myself
over him and saying stuff like this one hasn't
come out yet, but like, here's how I'd attack
this industry. I'd go partner with all the
tree trimming businesses. I'd buy one of these,
put it in my backyard, buy a shipping container
for three grand and say, Hey, instead of paying
300 to the dump to drop off, dump off all your
oak trees, I'll take them for free.
Drop them off at my property. You dry them
yourself and you sell them to barbecue
restaurants. So your cost of goods sold
is basically zero or even negative. Like don't
pay the dump 300, pay me 100. So you get paid
to take the product for free. So it's like
a negative cogs business model. And then you
throw it in this dryer, which this new technology
makes this whole business model possible.
Otherwise. It's not even viable. And then I know
I've read articles that there's a huge shortage of
barbecue smoking wood right now. And so the prices
are through the roof per cord. And so, there's

[34:02]
more demand than supply. And so then you just go.
Now you're in the distribution business, or you
could sell the wood to a current distributor
because they need more supply too.
So you don't have to actually deliver it
to a treat your main business. Anyway,
the idea isn't even that the idea is to
take videos of high ticket products that
enable like enable entrepreneurship and add
value to the video in the hopes that one in
10 goes viral. And then as I see it start
to go viral, I do exactly what I did.
I put up. Yeah. I make a landing page just
to capture the leads. And then it's like
forcing a partnership and, you know, and
then you reach out to the owner and say,
Hey, I have all these leads. Do you want to
buy the leads? Do you want me to sell these
products? And I think it'd be really interesting
if I could build just a sales business.