[00:03]
laundromats. In addition, he has a full time
job running a wealth management firm.
He's a busy guy and he loves both of his
things. So he won't quit either one of them,
but he's an open book when it comes to the
laundromat business. He answered. Every question
I threw at him, hard numbers, net profits, how
he does his research when he opens a facility,
how he puts competitors out of business, what
ideas he's seeing in the laundry industry that
anyone could capitalize on, even if
they don't have much money, where the
industry's headed, where people are failing.
I hope you like this. Please like and subscribe,
share with your friends, yada, yada, yada. So
more people can quit their jobs. All right,
enjoy. Well, Tyler, thank you for joining. Why
don't you tell everyone here in the Kerner office
who you are and what you do and where you're
from? Yeah. Thanks for having me, Chris.
Name is Tyler Purcell from Cincinnati, Ohio.
I call myself a financial planner by day,
a laundromat owner by nights and weekends. So
those are the two things I mainly have two kids,
a four year old, two year old. Enjoy sports,
former college football player. I like

[01:01]
working out. If you've seen me on Twitter, you've
probably seen me post some videos and things.
Some of my favorite hobbies love spending time
with family, like days traveling with my wife.
Sometimes when we get a little bit of time off.
But a big business guy, saved finance in college,
got my MBA. So enjoy all things business.
Love that you're in a bunch of things, and I
appreciate you having me on to chat today.
Absolutely. So I'll ask the obvious question,
and that's like, how, why, and when did you
make the big jump from financial planning to
laundromats? And I know you're still doing
financial planning, right? Yeah, yeah. So
financial planning practice is growing like crazy.
I tell everybody I have the two best jobs.
I have that, and then I have laundromats. We
manage about 250 million. We've grown about by
about 30 million this year, so probably
our best year ever. That's always been
the main thing. That's what I love doing.
Not that I don't love laundromats, but I
don't see myself ever giving this up to fully do
laundromats and we can get into that later.
Do you have a team? At your financial planning
firm or is it just you? Yep. So there's four

[02:01]
advisors here and three support staff. Okay.
Are you one of the advisors? Do you own the
business? I'm one of the advisors, but also
the COO. So basically any overall operations,
any changes we made, custodian
switches big things like that.
That's on, my plate, but I have my own clients
as well. Okay. All right. So what first planted
that seed about laundromats in your head? Yeah.
So it's actually a family business. But not on
my side. 10 years ago, started dating my
wife, found out her dad had a laundromat,
didn't really think anything of it.
He's like, Oh, now we're definitely getting
married. Yeah. Yeah. I've been watching Cody
Sanchez and I heard this is good. Yeah. He's
loaded. Just collects quarters all day. No, he's
a smart guy. He was in PNC insurance practice,
was into some commercial real estate. So
I'm like, Hey, must be a good business.
Never. Thought about wanting to get into the
laundromat business or anything like that. Fast
forward four years down the road, we get married
about a year into to marriage. He approaches us

[03:05]
and then also his son and says, Hey, I think
I have a good thing going. Do you guys want
to team up and open more laundromats?
And, I'm like, ah, laundromats, not sexy.
Like I was 28 at the time. I think when he
approached us, that was your ego talking.
Your ego was responding. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like,
do I wanna be a laundromat owner? Like, yeah,
probably not, right? I wanna do something
cool. Right. vc, pe stuff. I'm a numbers guy,
so I'm like, well, can I see?
How well it does. He's like, yeah,
here's my books. Take a look. And I looked and I
was like, wow, did not expect that. I think that
location was doing like two 50 net at that time
for a single laundromat location. I'm like, man,
if we could have five, 10 of these. You know,
that's a dang good business. So that's how we
started came up with the name laundry spot.
He rebranded his store laundry spot, and now we
have four locations. I don't know why I'm making
this connection right now, but like to think that

[04:01]
a laundromat would be making two 50 net when
like a subway sandwich location. The average
one nets like 3550 grand, right? And there's
35, 000 of them. And it's like, when the average
business owner or want to be business owner
goes to think of like, what should I do?
What should I start? They don't think
laundromat. They think something that's
probably less profitable. Why do you think
that is? Do you think it's because They're
primarily in low income communities, so a lot
of, there's like a selection bias where a lot
of the people that might be able to start one
of these just don't live in that world.
It's not familiar to them. Yeah, I
think you're spot on there. Also,
the laundromat industry is probably 10 years
behind any other industry as far as innovation.
Most people think when they think laundromats,
they think, oh, the 25 year old laundromat down
the street from me, that's dirty, There's crime
there, drugs and it never kind of evolved.
And so I think of it as now finally the industry
is coming along. It's like where car washes were

[05:01]
10 years ago and now you see, you know, there's
a car wash on every block. Interesting. That's
true. So, I kind of view it like, Hey we're
five years behind the carwash industry. But
it's coming. I mean, there's a lot of money
coming to the laundromat space right now.
So let's do that for a sec. Compare
that and contrast the carwash and the
laundromat industry. Cause on the surface
I get that. I remember carwashes were like,
No one thought of them. And now they're
everywhere. And I went on an 80 mile bike
ride around DFW, like around all some of the
fastest growing suburbs in the country.
And there was, I forget the name of it, but
there was one car wash brand that I saw like
four going up for brand new on one bike ride.
And I wasn't even looking for him. And I'm like,
Holy cow, someone is onto something. But
then I think, okay, well, rich, poor,
middle class, they're all driving cars.
Yeah. What percentage of the population is
actually using a laundromat on a weekly basis?
20%? 30%? Yeah, probably not even to be honest.
So, you know, that's a big thing. People are like,
Oh, laundromats. No one uses laundromats anymore,

[06:03]
right? Everyone has washer dryer in
their home. The funny thing is they
don't think about them breaking, right?
We have people every day coming to our store who
are like, Hey, my washer's down. People who live
in high class neighborhoods, who are upper middle
class, and they come and they do their laundry
at our store because it's nice, clean, they feel
safe, it's attended. We're pulling in people
who aren't the normal laundromat users.
So, we probably pull a bigger percentage
of what your normal laundromat would. But
the demographics, they're all across the
board, right? We offer drop off laundry,
that's upper middle class. People who have big
families who don't have the time, they want to
outsource that. So, we offer all sorts of services
on top of just the self service part of it.
I think there are a lot of similarities. One
is the depreciation, right? Like car washes,
you can depreciate a ton of the equipment. Same
with laundromats. One of the great things is, you
open up a laundromat and you have 800, 000 worth
of Laundry machines. You can depreciate all that.
We could bonus depreciate it if you want to.
So that's a huge benefit that both of those have.

[07:03]
One major difference at and why it's funny because
my father in law actually looked at car washes at
one point and the main difference was, when,
you know, SHIT hits the fan, people are still
washing their clothes, right? When the economy's
down, they still got to wash their clothes.
They may come, A little bit less often people are
cutting your monthly subscription at the car wash,
right? Like, yeah, it's probably one of the first
things to go. People have to have clean clothes
and I've been doing this for seven years now
and I've seen a few ups and downs, right?
COVID business didn't change. It actually.
Exploded during COVID and so it's just so
resistant to anything economic wise or,
pandemic wise, right? Like it's just a
crazy bulletproof business and that's, with
great margins. And so that's why, we prefer
that over something like a car wash.
It's funny as you talk about it. I'm maybe
for the first time making the connection between
your business and my business and mobile home and

[08:03]
RV park business, right? Because when we went
through COVID, we didn't see anything because
a rent is like top of mind. First of the month
rolls around and they got to pay rent first.
Right. And so that came to us as mobile home
and RV park owners, that's a non negotiable.
They can't get kicked out of their house. Whereas
like you said, the monthly car wash subscription,
the Netflix subscription, those other nice
to haves go first and rent and laundry,
they get paid first. So, and it's
also interesting because RV park.
Most people, middle and upper middle class
Americans don't even know that those exist.
They think that you go to a KOA and stay
in a nice campground. People don't know
that other people live in RVs for months and
years at a time, not because they're living
the van life and on Instagram, but because
they only have 500 a month for rent.
Right. They just, they can't afford more. And
so they will live in a portable RV for years

[09:02]
and decades of their life. Right. So it's like,
there's not a lot of people investing in that
asset class cause they don't know it exists. You
know? Exactly. Yeah. Very similar. So how did you
go from, this is interesting, two 50 per location
to, you opened up your first laundromat.
Yeah. So my brother in law, he is really good
at the creative side of things. Like what I'm
not good at software developer, graphic designer.
So we created this awesome brand. I give him most
of the props the laundry spot, the logo, it's an
absolutely great brand, in my opinion, I'm biased,
but we came up with that and then we're like,
okay, where do we put our first store?
We're learning a lot. Obviously my father
in law had been in the business for a while,
so he had his opinions and what he knew about the
industry, but the main thing and how we open up
new stores is we go to where there are already
laundromats. We look for those run down stores
who still have customers coming in and out.
And the story for our first one that we opened up

[10:01]
together we went and looked at this laundromat.
We were looking at a spot right across the street
and shopping center directly across a highly
trafficked road. We walk into this laundromat,
it's packed and it was probably the
dirtiest thing I've ever seen.
Visible cockroaches crawling on the ground.
Children were drooling. Yeah. Oh yes. I mean
part of me was sad as well. There's kids running
around, people are washing their clothes in a
place like this. I'm like, this is horrible.
How are there not better options? But yeah,
then, we're like, man, this thing is probably
doing crazy numbers and it's horrible.
It's horribly run. It's disgusting. And so we
went right across the street from that one and
put them out of business within six months. That's
kind of what we look for, right? Pockets of three,
four laundromats in an area, we call them
zombie mats. Basically they haven't been
updated in 20 years.
They're eating their own.
Business essentially just running until they die.
We look for the best location near three or four.

[11:01]
And that's where we go into. We match up the
demographics on what we know works. Things like
that. Is there ever a world where it would
make sense to buy one of those zombie mats,
close it for three months, just completely
renovate it completely, like literally turn it
into what you're starting from scratch.
And then not even have to worry about the
location. People can just keep coming to where
they were always coming. Or is that just not
of interest? Yeah. So there are people that do
that in our industry. That's not how we do things
for a few reasons. We actually looked at the
beginning, we looked at buying for laundromats
that were already up and running.
They were for sale. We were go in there,
redo them all. When we started diving into things
we're like, we're going to spend all this money,
redoing this location. Usually old
laundromats, the infrastructure is poor,
right? Utilities are not great. They're not
big enough to handle modern washers.
And then also the volume we want to do layouts of
the stores aren't great. So we'd want to switch,
where the washers are, where the dryers are.
It's just too much. You might as well start
from scratch. Yeah. So we're like, why would
we pay? To do this, let's just go across the

[12:04]
street again. You know, that's formulated
our opinion of how we do things.
And so through that due diligence, yeah,
that's just kind of how we were like,
yeah let's not buy old ones. Let's go into a white
box or build our own building and do it exactly
how we want from the beginning, knowing that
we're going to be here for 20, 25, 30 years. Now,
what if you find the perfect location?
All the demographics match up. There's three
or four zombie mats and there's a shopping
center across the street, but it is just a
garbage shopping center. Just vape shops, tattoo
parlors. Do you open or do you not? Because
you don't really want to be this nice, clean,
bright building in a Terrible shopping center,
do you say you would, you would think so,
but actually one of our best performing
self service stores is kind of in a shopping
center like that there was nobody in there
except for one or two people out of eight.
I think spaces. We approached the landlord like,
Hey, we want to put a laundromat. He was like,
ah, I, you know, oh, I don't want a laundromat,

[13:00]
well, then we showed him, okay. Our other stores.
And he's like, Oh wow. Okay. Yeah, I would love to
have you guys. So we go in there and then a year
later, the whole place is now nice, right?
Interesting. Every spot is leased out. The
landlord loves us. He's like, you guys need
to open more of these and my other buildings
across Cincinnati. How long of a lease do you
have there? Cause you'll be in the driver's seat
when you go to renew that. We own three of the
buildings. But this one is a lease and, You
want to work for those long term leases.
So we had a 30 year lease, all five year options
on it. I look at this lease and I'm like,
I don't know how we got it. 25 years down
the road, our per square foot is still under
14. Holy cow. Like, I don't know why this
landlord agreed to that, but he did. And so,
it's almost like an asset, right? By the time,
25 rent's going to be double that at least.
You know, I mean, probably triple that.
And we're sitting here, With a cheap,
cheap lease. So it's all about what you
can work the lease out. You want longterm,

[14:04]
right? You don't want to spend all this money
on infrastructure and things and then get kicked
out five years down the road. It reminds me of
like an Apple or a Tesla store in a mall.
Like malls love to have them in because it brings
in a higher quality of client to the mall that
go shop at the other stores, right? You elevated
the profile of that entire shopping center. Yeah,
it's kind of funny because you're like,
Oh, a laundromat elevating a shopping.
It's such a good framework to take something
that's ignored ugly and forgotten and make
it into like an Apple store experience.
And I don't think it would work for just any
industry, but you've clearly proven it to
work in that industry. Okay. So six months.
To start how much money to open your doors. Yeah.
So it's probably right now with where prices are,
we haven't opened up a store. Our newest store
is only it'll be two years in November.
So that's our last experience with, pricing
out everything. Obviously equipment and stuff
has gone crazy the last couple of years to
open up a 000 square foot store right now,

[15:01]
it's probably going to cost you about 1.
5. That's all in, equipment, build out,
everything. Can you get loans for that?
There's a few options in our industry. All
the equipment manufacturers, they'll
offer equipment financing. There are
some lending companies out there who just focus
on laundromats and car washes. Some good ones.
We went with just local bank relationship that
we had. So for us, they rolled up the business
loan and the equipment all in one.
And we just pay on that one loan. So,
look into your options, verify who's, easiest
to work with, best terms, et cetera. How much
did you have to put down of the 1. 5? We put 20
percent down. Okay. Okay. So yeah, 300 down to,
to create an asset that's netting. I mean, would
you mind saying what your stores net each?
Yeah. So our average store nets about 300, a
little over 300. Wow. Yeah. Last year we did
about 3 million top line, 1. 1 a net. This
year we're on pace to do. Probably 3. 2 and

[16:05]
1. 4 net. Wow. And then talk about your grand
opening process. I assume you don't, I mean,
you don't want to sit around and wait two
or three years to really ramp up.
What do you do to get foot traffic in the door
on day one and how is it unique for the industry?
Yeah, we do a lot of buildup. So just a couple
of things. It's nothing super revolutionary,
but there's a couple of things that I'm
proud of that we've done. So, we do,
In our industry, physical mail works well.
So postcards we do a lot of postcards. So we'll
send out two rounds of coming soon. Postcards.
Then we have a grand opening weekends. We do back
to back free laundry weekends. So we'll
send out a postcard postcard for that.
And then we'll also Do as many interviews,
talk with as many papers as we can, local,
papers build the hype up for that grand opening
free weekend, you know, post on socials, run,
Google ads really build that hype up because that,
that can make or break the stores, getting that

[17:05]
initial, just getting people in the door.
One cool thing we did this past grand opening
with our newest store, We had a VIP party at
our store and we invited city officials. We
invited business owners in the area. We had
a catered, we had a bartender, we had a band.
It was a red carpet event for a laundromat and you
know, that kind of generated a ton of buzz.
Some news local news companies came
by did some segments on it, so that,
that was really cool. That was something new that
we did for this most recent opening. And that was
a hit. We got a lot of Commercial business off
of that made a lot of connections and then,
you get the city on your side, you know, that's
huge when they still think of laundromats
as the same thing we all do right?
So getting them on your side helps a ton.
So that was very cool. And then our grand opening
weekends I mean that is all hands on deck, you

[18:00]
know We have all of our employees all the owners
are working how many employees are there? Per
store, we probably have about 12, 15 on rotation,
usually two to four working at a time, depending
on how much commercial laundry we have.
There's probably, I'd say 12 of us in there,
that 12 hours were open on those three
laundry weekends. we're just trying to
blow the customer service out of the park.
We'll do hundreds of five star reviews just
on those weekends. Wow. So, right off the
bat, boom, new laundromat in town.
Okay. We have 250 five star reviews. People
obviously are like, what is going on here? I
need to check this place out. So that's the
most important thing for us. If you look at
the month after we do those grand opening
weekends, We're already at like a 500 K
revenue run rate that first month. Wow. Wow.
Just right off the bat, we're ramped up.
So that's why we put so much time and effort and
work into those. I'd like 30 percent margins ish.
Yeah. 30, 40, we shoot for 40%. Wow. Yeah.
So many good principles at play here. It's

[19:04]
interesting because you do the free weekend.
And in my head, one of the reasons I want to do,
I would want to do that is because it
provides like the illusion of popularity.
Right. It's like, wow, this place, something's
and now everyone knows that it's free that
weekend. Right. But still it's like, just the,
there's like a safety in numbers. Like this
is popular. Like these people must know about
this place. Like this must be a brand. I want
to come here. This is the next big thing.
Right. It just kind of implicitly, shows that,
but If you have crappy customer service, even
if it's free, you shoot yourself in the foot.
So you have to do both at the same time. You
have to fill the doors and you have to provide
an amazing experience. Otherwise you're, you might
be doing yourself even more of a disservice than
not having this grand opening weekend.
Right? I'm curious. What did you see in the
numbers or in the data when you opened your first
store? Maybe you started with one weekend of free
laundry. And then you expanded to two. Was that
the case? And if so, what made you do that? Yeah,

[20:03]
that's exactly what happened. We did just one
free weekend the first time we opened.
And it was so popular. We're like, why don't we
do two? Our cost is just in the utilities and the
employees, right? It's not killing us to give away
free laundry for a weekend. And we knew we figured
out once we get people into our store. They're
not going back to their other laundromat.
It's just not happening. So all we need to
do is get people into our store, get to see,
our modern equipment, how fast they can do
laundry, how clean it gets, our customer service,
all of those things. And so we're like, let's
do the second weekend. And what we realized was,
The people that come on the first weekend,
go tell everybody else they know.
Yeah, there it is. Okay. About the second
weekend. Perfect. So, you know, we can get
one person in that first weekend. They're going
to go tell four of their family members. And now
they're all coming that second weekend. So,
we saw that play out. And it's just, I mean,
it's madness. Right? Like, We're having people
wait for washing machines because it's so crowded,

[21:04]
and we're, we got one over here.
We got one over here. I mean, it's a
fun, it's like, it's like the wall street
floor. Yeah. Yeah, it is. It is, you know,
we're playing music, we'll have a pizza, you
know, drink, I mean, it's an experience and
people are just like, this is crazy, we hear
stories and like, I've shed tears on those
free weekends because people will come up to us
and be like, I haven't done my laundry in three
months because I couldn't afford it.
10 bags of laundry. It's like, you know
what? You can come free for life. Yeah. Yeah.
I love the business. It makes a lot of money,
but there's also the aspect of that part of it.
Like we do a lot of charity. We do a lot of giving
away free laundry. We go into these, communities
that may not have something like this, right?
They have the cockroach infested laundromat and
we come in and give them a way better experience.
And it's not like we gouge them on prices. Like
we're barely more expensive than what we were,
what they were paying beforehand. And
they're thankful. Like it's crazy that

[22:03]
they'll come up and say, thank you for.
Bringing this to our community. So that's a
part I love about it as well. And I imagine you're
more expensive than the neighbors, right? Yeah.
People ask that question a lot, but it's not like
we're not much more expensive. I'm talking like
maybe 50 cents more expensive per load. Yeah.
Like on a percentage basis, how much more is that?
So on, on a small load, you're talking, three
50 to 4. Okay. So 15%? Yeah. 15 percent here
and there, depending on size of water. It's funny
cause there's so many crossovers with the mobile
home and RV park industry. Cause we'll do that.
We will raise rents when we buy the park, but
we'll also clean it up and we'll put in cameras
and they feel safer and we feel safer.
And we trim the trees, we fill the potholes and we
will go and make testimonial videos. And they're
like, they're in tears. They're like, this is
the first park I've had where I'm not worried
about someone breaking in. Okay. Like my kids
are safe to go play in the yard and it's like
people read a tweet and they're like, Oh, this
guy's just sucking the life from the poor.

[23:02]
Right? It's like, well, no, not at all. But
it does. It does feel good. Yeah. Do you have
any hard data on? What your attendance is
like on weekend one versus weekend two.
And why not weekdays? Is it just because
it's easier for people to get out there
when they're not working on the weekend?
Laundry day, Saturday and Sunday are the
biggest days of the week, Sunday by far.
So we do as much laundry actually more laundry
on Saturday and Sunday than we do Monday
through Friday combined. Oh, well, it's just,
that's when people are free. That's when they
get out when they're not working. So it just
makes sense to do it on those days. Plus we all
have jobs so we're working on a weekday.
So, to get all the owners there and participating
weekends work great. But it's. Almost double what
comes the second weekend versus the first week.
Wow. Yeah. So that's just a huge unlock there.
It is. We even talked about doing like a full
free week or like, how can we do this more?
Right? Like exactly. Exactly. There's obviously,
an end point of how many customers we have in

[24:00]
an area, you know, your, normal laundromat
customer is not going to travel outside of
like three miles to get to your store. Yeah.
There is terminal velocity on how many people
we can actually get that use a laundromat.
Yeah. It's so interesting. The concept of that,
like I wrestle with that. So I call it like
the McRib effect, right? Like it's pretty bold
of McDonald's to say you only get the McRib.
And I've never eaten one in my life, so every
October or whatever, or the shamrock shake,
right? Because they sell really, really well,
but like, I know what they're going for.
It needs to be scarce. It needs to be special
and unique. Or like the Monopoly game. I don't
know what all my examples are McDonald's,
but it's kind of like what you're doing,
right? It's like, we can't make this like,
The first Saturday of every month necessarily,
maybe once a year, maybe only at open.
It's just so hard to balance keeping it special
and unique verse really just driving a lot of
traffic, right? Yeah, no, totally agree. Yeah.
We do we do another big thing that's called free

[25:00]
dry July. Where drying is free all of July
and people they know like that's the month,
they get ready for it, things like that.
So yeah, creating certain things marketing ideas
like that. Yeah. Spot on. This might be a terrible
question, but do people ever during free dry July,
do they bring their washed clothes from
somewhere else and then dry it there? Yeah,
it happens. Yep. That's interesting. Sure. Do you
have any data on How many people from week one
come back to week two verse all new people?
That's basically impossible to track just
hard, right? Don't collect customer information.
On those, we, I mean, we really don't at all. The

[26:03]
only way we can collect customer information
is if they use our loyalty card and they can
add their name, address and things like
that. So our industry is tough.
With stuff like that, right? Tracking, customer
acquisition costs is hard to track in our
industry. We still allow coins, 35 percent of
our customers still use quarters. Interesting.
The other percentage using loyalty card or credit
card or, you know, other forms of payment.
This might be another dumb question, but do you
prefer cash? I'm like, I assume you're reporting
it like an old school laundromat might not. Right.
But like, You're a financial planner. You got to
keep the books clean. And a lot of people don't
prefer cash because it's a liability and it's
a cost to have to move it and deposit it.
Or do you prefer cash or not? I don't think we
prefer it. Like if everybody paid by loyalty
card or credit card, that would be great.
We just don't want to discriminate on how you
want to pay. Right. Sure. Sure. We deal with
The headache of, okay, we got to remove the
coins. We reuse them essentially, we just put

[27:03]
them back in the build a coin machine.
It's not that much of a headache. We let
our managers do that. Some laundromat owners are
like, Oh, you let your managers touch the coins,
like touch money. We are tracking system is we see
every quarter that goes into a machine. We can run
reports our security systems and camera systems at
our stores are better than your local bank.
You can put a 20 bill in to our bill changer
and we can zoom in and basically read the serial
number. People learn like, Probably shouldn't
try to steal from these people from these guys
or a lot of the times and in order laundromats
people will be like, oh, I didn't get my change,
I put in a five and then get this and people
try that at the beginning when we open and
they're like, no, I just zoomed in.
I saw you put in a, you know, a 5 bill,
not a 20 bill. And I saw you collect this at
this time. And they're like, Okay. And then
they hang up and like, dude, I've seen enough
TV shows to know this is like the oldest con in
the book. And so we don't have a lot of that at
our stores. We don't have a lot of crime.
We don't have a lot of drug usage just because
of that reason, the community starts to figure

[28:02]
it out, like, This is not the place to do
those things. Well, it's such an interesting
psychological phenomenon where people walk in
the door and it's the same people that were
walking in the zombie mats that might walk
in and want to scam or walk in and want to,
break the rules or whatever.
But when they walk into your place,
the whole experience is elevated and they just act
better. And it just makes it easier for everyone,
especially yourself. And I do think it's
interesting that you don't prefer cash
because I would think a zombie Matt owner
would say the exact opposite. Like he would
love for it all to be cashed and he might just
report five grand at the end of the year.
That's the funny thing. That's what they all
do. Like I talked to a lot of people who are
looking at buying laundromats and I'm like,
okay, do they have a P and L and they're like,
no, they have an Excel spreadsheet. Like I'm
like, I mean, almost every single time. And
so it's so hard to verify revenue and, you
know, net income off of what these old.

[29:01]
Owners are doing. They don't have a
bookkeeper. , it's crazy. So yeah,
we do things totally different. If you
can't really collect much customer data,
do you know what like your lifetime value is of
a customer or like ballpark? It's tough. So we
do one marketing campaign with postcards.
And what we do is we send out a postcard and we
say, This postcard is worth a 30 loyalty card for
free. Oh, wow. Bring it in. It's like a gift card.
Essentially a gift card. Yeah. On a postcard. So
that's how we start to track where we're pulling
or new customers, because when they bring that
card in, we have our attendants get their name,
we have their addresses, and then they ask
if they're a new customer or not.
So We, with that campaign, we can kind of track
what our acquisition cost is and the lifetime
value if they're using a loyalty card. So we're
able to track that card across its whole lifetime

[30:00]
and you know, I don't have exact numbers on
that, but it's high. I mean, if we spend 30 on
a loyalty card to get a customer in, thousands
and thousands and thousands of dollars.
Over the lifetime because they're coming once
a week as long as they live in that area,
right? I mean, why would they stop exactly
like I mentioned, if we get them in our doors,
They're a customer for life, likely. And what's
the average spend per visit for a customer?
It's around 20 probably, surprisingly.
It's fairly high. I mean, our big machines,
our 80 pounders, they're 11. 25 to
start. Wow. So, you do one big load,
then you dry, it's a few dollars to dry.
So you're already at 15 on one big load.
If you're running three small machines, you
know, it could be 12, 15 there. Same thing.
So, it's interesting watching the preferences of
customers, right? Like some people prefer three
30 pound machines versus the one big
80 pound machine. They can throw that
all in there and save money, but they just
prefer it that way. So yeah it's interesting

[31:03]
looking at stuff like that in our business.
And do most come weekly or like biweekly? It's
split. Yeah. I mean, it's in that range once every
week to two weeks, 10 days or so. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. It's just crazy to me how much you could
spend on laundry. Right. Like you could buy a used
washer dryer every month or two with
what they're spending on laundry.
Yeah. Yeah. But I know that plays on a
lot more societal cultural factors that
are systemic and just hard to turn that
around. Like you. Yeah. Like you said,
rent gets paid first. Laundry actually gets
paid first when it's the first of the month.
Our business goes up. Yeah. Like that first
week of the month is usually the best week.
So yeah, a lot of factors, like you said, go
in, go into that. Well, and Friday's payday too,
right? So you go into the weekend,
you've got time to do your laundry,
you have money to do your laundry. You said four
locations? Yeah. Of your four locations, are you,

[32:00]
how often are you at capacity on the weekends
where people are waiting for machines?