[00:00]
﻿I think there's a world where you can help
better educate ride sharing drivers. There's
millions of them in the U S alone where they
can make extra money by keeping their job and
they can make you money as well. I want to
hear your ideas though. For instance,
Welcome to the Koerner office where we discuss
business ideas and growth advice. That's what we
do here. I love business and entrepreneurship.
And so I talk about it. We talked about at
least four different ideas today. We talked
about how to empower a global gig economy,
ride sharing workforce, to be referral
partners for you, to sell things for you.
So they can make more money doing what they're
already doing and they can make you more money
as well. We talked about some ideas in the wedding
space that tied to my tweet about the knot. com,
how you could compete with the knot. We talked
about wholesale flooring business. How you could
start a wholesale flooring business just
by acting as matchmaker between a local
or an influencer and a supplier.
And then the last thing we talked about
AI automation agencies and how we're kind of
early on those. And we just talked about the

[01:01]
general framework where look at tech startups
that just raised a round of funding, see what
they're buying, see what they're spending
all of that other people's money on.
And that's going to be what we see. The
more commonplace product or service here
in two to five years, they kind of
lead the pack. So I really liked
this episode. I hope you do too. Please
like, and subscribe and share with your
friends. I don't have enough reviews in the
app store, Spotify, Apple, or wherever.
Please leave me a five star review. If you're
gonna leave me a four star last review,
just don't. Okay. I don't wanna see it. I don't
wanna hear it. Okay. Just getting, but seriously
thanks for listening. I tweeted about CARS for
DoorDash. Did you see that one? Nick? Did you
see that? And I saw it again. I saw it.
Yeah, you saw it. And I've heard you see it.
And you have notifications for my tweets too.
So you go, you have no excuse, dude. I have no,
no excuse at all, dude. Yeah, no excuse. Every
time I have outstanding texts from you. Just
know that when I tweet and I have outstanding text
from you, I know that I have outstanding And I'm
tweeting anyway I'm gonna I'm tweeting even harder
when I have outstanding text from you.

[02:05]
Oh my gosh You're laughing because you know how
much truth there is to that. Oh, yeah. So anyways,
I know about the Uber for door dash cars. Will
you just explain it to the audience? So they're
caught up. Yeah. Cause they don't know when
really they probably know about it more than
they probably read the dang tweet, Nick.
Cause over a million people did. All right.
So. I'm on Instagram and I tell you what, Nick, I
get so many business ideas from Instagram. It is
just a treasure trove. Okay. I see this guru and I
don't want to call him out, but he's definitely a
guru looking dude who is selling a course on how
to buy and rent out cars for door dashers.
Okay. He's selling a course and it's this whole
shtick. It's this whole thing on Instagram. And
so I started looking into this cause this
is an industry I'd never heard of. Now I
knew that people like rent out cars to Uber
drivers. Like the whole industry of buying
vehicles and renting them to Uber drivers
has been around for a decade, right?

[03:02]
That's like fleet management. You own
a fleet of cars. I was trying to, yeah,
yeah. This is very specific to DoorDash because
DoorDash is the only ride share service that
does not have an age limit to their cars. They
don't care. And I'm assuming it's because the
end user, the Doesn't even see the car.
They don't interact with the car. They don't
get in the car like an Uber rider might.
Right. And so that creates this opportunity,
this market for people to sell or rent older cars
to door dashers that have bad credit. If you have
bad credit and you can't buy a car. It's a
good idea, bad credit and or no cash.
Right? So very much a high headache business
because of the clientele you're dealing with.
You've got to buy car trackers. You need
expensive insurance. You've got people not
paying you. It's a tough business to be in. And
now I remember the tweet that I posted to this
tweet. Do you remember what I said?
We should call this business. Presto cars.
I don't want to talk about that. I can't
believe you didn't see that. No, I did now. I
remember that now. All right. Keep going. Okay. So
I don't want to talk about that. I already tweeted

[04:03]
about it. It's an interesting opportunity.
People are doing it successfully.
They're making money. I don't recommend it.
I would never do it. Okay. For all those
headache reasons, there are easier ways to make
money, but here's a philosophical segment for
you. A little, a little philosophical segment,
a little philosophical segment real quick. All
right. I'm not going to get on the soap box,
but, and then I'll get back to the idea.
I think the future is bright, but I think a lot of
things about the future a little depressing to me.
I've heard people like on MFM, they talk about
AI and how AI is going to solve our loneliness
problem. People are more lonely than ever, but
with these AI friends and the metaverse and
we're going to have connectedness.
And I just think that it's completely
false. I think that we are lonelier than
ever because social media has provided a
false sense of togetherness, which it's
worse than no togetherness. Right. You're
seeing all the best. Everyone's talked
about this. I'm not saying anything new,
but I think that we are lonely because
social media is like this poison pill.
We think it's healing us and it's hurting us.
Okay. And I think that like the metaverse is

[05:03]
going to make that worse. Whereas a lot of people,
you know, friend. com raised 2 million. That was
all over the news. A lot of people think
that AI and plus the metaverse is going to
solve that issue. So there's that meta.
So meta ain't going to make it better. Oh,
okay. Okay. So. Social media slash the metaverse
provides a false sense of togetherness.
AI provides a false sense of intelligence,
right? Where we lean on it too much and yeah,
it can be a tool to make us better. But it also
can incentivize us to not actually learn things
for ourselves and ride sharing services.
I'm getting back to the original point provides
a false sense of employment. Or job security.
Okay. Wouldn't you agree? I don't know if I agree
with that. I can agree with the premise just for
the sake of this argument, but I would say people
who are doing ride sharing are not looking
at it as like a job, like job security.

[06:01]
They're looking at it as either something
that they can do to control their time,
something that they can do as a side hustle,
something that supplements their income. Like I,
I get what you're saying. The perception of
ride sharing, but I don't think the data proves
that out. I think most ride sharing drivers are
immigrants and they're poor and they're in a car
80 hours a week scraping together a living.
And that's honestly my same argument against
raising the minimum wage more and more and more
and more and more because it's like, Oh, I just
need, if I make 15 an hour, then I can pay
my bills. And no one's really addressing
the fact that like, these jobs shouldn't
be permanent jobs. These jobs should get
us to a more permanent stable position.
And I feel like ride sharing is very similar
and like it gets people by just enough to stay
where they are to stay poor. And I don't like that
aspect of it on paper, you know, Uber and that
to their shareholders are like, we're providing
millions of jobs. And it's like, in actuality,
it's like, it's better than nothing.

[07:01]
But if they didn't have that opportunity. It might
be just enough kick in the butt for them to go
like back to school or to go get a full time job
with a salary, who knows? I fundamentally disagree
with you, but we don't need to argue about that
point. Oh, okay. Nobody wants to be driving an
Uber for the rest of their life.
Nobody wants to have that as their
job. I know. Like, they don't want to work at
McDonald's for the rest of their life either.
Right. So in my mind if they were going to
use that as a swift kick in the butt, like
they're just going to be the type of person who
would use it as a swift kick in the butt.
You know what I mean? Not raising the
minimum wage isn't going or excuse me,
raising the minimum wage. Isn't going to make
them necessarily more likely to not. Get their
way out of poverty or to not get their way out
of that situation. An Uber driver making an extra
buck an hour isn't necessarily, it's like,
Oh, well, I'm making an extra buck now.
Well, I don't need to improve my life. Like,
well, okay. We, what are you going to earn an
extra 3, 000 this year? If you wanted
to improve the quality of your life,
you're still going to pursue an education, or
you're going to get a specialty degree, or you're

[08:00]
going to, you know, get into professional
services, the driving as an Uber driver,
in my mind is just an opportunity for you to
get by and tell you can get to a place.
Yeah. I think that's what it should be. I agree.
That's, but I don't think that's what it is,
is what I'm saying. I want to hear your ideas.
Like there's anyway, anyway. So with that in mind,
that gave me the idea for the DoorDash tweet. I
think there's a world where you can help better
educate ride sharing drivers.
There's millions of them in the U S alone where
they can make extra money. In keeping their job
and they can make you money as well. For instance,
find a high ticket service like real estate or
insurance. Okay. You've got some regulations
like people have to be licensed. There's
laws around referrals and what the whatnot,
but what have you taught a free class?
Let's say you're in Dallas and you advertise in a
Facebook group for Dallas Uber drivers and you had
a free class on insurance and how insurance work,
life insurance, health insurance, real estate,
whatever. And you educated them. And you taught

[09:03]
them on how it works and how they can
sell it. Once again, at a certain point,
they're probably going to have to get
licensed or registered or whatnot.
But then when they're in the car driving these
people that are about to buy a house about to
sell a house, people like people that are riding
in Ubers. Many of them are in this transitory
phase of life where they're actually more likely
to buy something like this. And in addition,
I think the sentiment that I have
and you have towards ride sharing
drivers in that that must kind of suck.
Right. That must kind of, especially if you have
to do it 80 hours a week, my theory that people
are inherently good and they want to help others,
which is why, when James reaches out to
sell a tree trimming service, he says,
I'm young. I'm a business owner. Like it
works. Right. He's playing on that.
I think there's a world where you can educate Uber
drivers on these things. And then when they get in
the car with people that are likely more affluent
or in this transitory phase, they could say, Hey,
On the side, I sell health insurance or I sell
car insurance or whatever, or real estate.
Do you have any needs? Even if they're not
a full time health insurance or real estate

[10:01]
agent. They could be a lead source for you,
a health insurance or real estate agent and
take like a 25 percent commission just by having
conversations. What do we think? Or having a sign
in the car, like maybe there's some bill.
That's like first tier. Yeah. That's like lowest
friction. Which like people are doing that.
There are businesses built around ads in
ride share services. Right. But. Here's my knee
jerk reaction. I don't like the idea because I
don't want to talk to my Uber driver. I don't
like, I don't want to make small talk.
And I think most people don't want to make small
talk. And so you're essentially incentivizing
these Uber drivers to talk to people in the
car that probably already don't want to have
the conversation. However, I do love the idea
of not the writer being the customer, but the
driver. There are probably these courses.
I don't even know what to call them. Yeah.
Courses that you can get through a lot of
it. By listening. And so going to these
Uber drivers and saying, Hey, do you want to
better your life by I'll pick one. I mean,

[11:04]
you said a life insurance salesman by becoming
a licensed life insurance salesman.
Here's the course you can do the majority of
it listening. You still have to set aside time
to take the quizzes and all that stuff. But
many of them are probably kept from improving
their lives because they're driving all the
time. So could you sell something to them?
That allows them to drive and be listening
to that stuff and improving their lives.
That then helps them get out of the motivated
ones, right? I'll take your level up and I'm
going to level it up again. Okay. Sell
something to them. No, let me contradict
myself real quick. I did not. Sell something to
them because it's, they don't have much money,
right? And that's not the game.
But maybe you do sell something to them,
even if for 20, because if people buy something,
they're more likely to take action on it,
right? Let's say it's an audio book on how
to be a life insurance salesman. You give it
to a hundred people for free. 10 percent
of them ever listened to the thing.

[12:01]
You sell a hundred of them, a hundred people
it for 20 and 40 percent of them listened to
it. Right. It's like, it's a net win for
everyone. And you're only charging money
because philosophically they will be more
likely to take action on it. So there's
both sides of the argument. I love the idea of
not them, not coming to a physical class.
Cause of course, like that's friction that's hard.
They're busy, but giving them the audio for free
and having them listen and learn in the car, maybe
shoot Nick. Maybe this is what gets the person in
the car. To actually be willing to talk to them.
Like, Oh, what are you listening to? It's like,
Oh, you know, I'm just trying to try to
become a life insurance salesman.
Do you have any needs right now to your point
about not wanting to talk to them? I don't either,
but my wife does. And I know a lot of people that
do. So it's like, we might not be representative.
True. Anyway, keep going. True. Okay. So you
and I both know somebody named Gabor who we
met on our mission in Hungary and Gabor, he
was not one of the first guys to sell.
What was it? Was it? It wasn't Tahitian
noni juice. It was a new skin, new skin,

[13:00]
new skin. Yeah. So there was this MLM called
new skin and. Like any MLM, if you get an early,
you're one of the rich people, right? Cause
it's like, you have a huge downline. Well,
Gabor didn't get an early, but he was looking at
this as an opportunity to better his life.
And I don't know if you remember this or not,
cause you didn't speak Hungarian super well at
the time. He would tell us about his prospecting.
He was like, every day I need to talk to this
many people. And anywhere he went. He would
be trying to close and say like on the dude,
I was about to say on the veal emotion.
I'm so sorry. I forgot English for a minute.
Sorry. On the train anybody he's sitting next
to you on the bus, anybody he's sitting next
to you when he's walking, like, He would just
talk to everybody about new skin. He would
try to sell us as missionaries and be like,
Hey, your dad's in a new skin, right?
Like, could I talk to your dad? But it was because
he saw this like opportunity to improve. I think
giving them some type of a sales training would
be the way to go. Because think about how many

[14:03]
interactions are having on a daily basis. And
they could then try these sales techniques,
like in real time, Hey, talk to the next person
about their family, get them to open up.
Like it's just teaching them conversation.
And this won't be like every Uber driver,
but to me, it feels like sales would be a
natural fit. To train these drivers and then
to get a lot of reps in talking to different
people because they're put in these situations
to teach them how to be better salesmen.
And like, you know, immigrants work freaking hard
and they're good salespeople. They get the job
done. Oh, they get the, they get the job done.
Can I level you up again? Please do. All right.
You give them sales training, like you said,
totally free. But okay, here, here it is. Here it
is. Here it is. You don't sell it to them.
You with me? You don't sell it to them.
You don't sell it to them. Okay. But you,
it's a course, it's a free course where they have
to go online and answer questions, right? That's
the accountability. There's modules to answer
and maybe you, maybe you pay them when they're

[15:03]
done. Okay. And you just work that into the
margins and it's a gamble in the beginning.
It's a gamble before you know how fruitful it will
actually be. Maybe it's a hundred bucks is all
right. So you teach them sales training and maybe
you don't even put the sales training together.
You just go buy someone else's. You know,
something you give them the sales training, you
format it for ride sharing workers specifically,
and then you create like a marketplace of people
that they can sell for around the country.
So, yeah, you have to be an insurance agent for
them to be a referral partner for you. Most
people listening to this are not insurance
agents or real estate agents, right? You
just create a marketplace where like, Hey,
all right, what do you want to sell? Do you want
to sell this high ticket thing? You want to sell
real estate for this guy over in Texas.
Do you want to sell insurance for this guy in
Florida? And you just became this, you just
become this matchmaker for people that sell
a high ticket service and then people that
you're teaching how to sell. I do love this
idea of unconventional sales channels and
figuring out ways to leverage them.

[16:00]
Like you're really good at this. You've done that
with Reddit. You've done it with Twitter. You've
done it. Like you talk about finding somebody's
information on Strava and then cold contacting
them. So like this, It feels like there's
something there to figure out a way to leverage an
unconventional sales channel, which would be Uber
drivers and the time spent hairdressers.
Someone that has a job where they're spending one
on one captive audience time with someone. Right.
Yeah. I like that one. It's a good one.
All right. I got another one for you.
Did you see my tweet about the not. com?
Did I see it? Yes, I did see it. Okay. You

[17:07]
didn't read it. That's okay. It's okay.
I don't read all of yours either.
We can be open here. Yes. We have open
relationship. So, you know, I talked about
using this house as a wedding venue before. Yes.
Right. And I was just curious. So I went to the
knot and I was going to do what I always do when
I'm curious about something. And that's like,
list it, sell it, gather data on it
before I actually do anything.
Right. So I thought, okay, I'm going to go
list my property on the knot. com and see if
I get any inbound inquiries for people to host
weddings here. Cause I already have pictures,
whatever, and I get there and there's like,
there's nowhere to list it. You've got to
like book a sales call. This is annoying.
Yeah. Cause I didn't know how they monetized.
I didn't know if they took a percentage of
everything, right. Cause it's a lead gen company.
So lead gen companies do one of two things. They
sell you leads or they sell you a placement on
their website or they take a percentage of
whatever jobs that generate for you.

[18:00]
Right. And the not. com is essentially a place
where you can go look and say, Hey, locally,
what. Wedding venues are available. How it
works? Any wedding vendor, anything, photography,
photo booth you name it. Luxury trailer, bathroom
rentals. Got it. Got it. And so I hop on the
sales call with this with this girl.
And she's just like, it's just every sales
tactic in the book. And she's like nervous. Let
me just ask you this, Chris, how important is
the experience of the wedding to you? There
was some of that. Oh yeah. And she's like,
Chris, how much money would you like to make
on our platform? I'm like, Oh, geez.
That's just, you just flip a switch and you
just turn on the money machine. Is that what
you do? And so it's an hour long call and she
gets to the pricing at the end of it. And it's,
so they have three tiers, 5, 400 a month for
their most expensive tier just to be listed.
Yeah. What? Yeah. It was that 5, 400 a month for
venue or is that just any vendor for a venue,

[19:03]
which I would assume is like the most.
Expensive thing. Right. And then it was like 2,
500 and then it was like 1, 200. And the
whole way they do their pricing is how much
placement priority placement do they give you
in the top of the search results? That's it.
That's the only difference. Okay. And she
was like, so for 5, 300 dollars a month,
you get 832 leads for 2, 500 dollars a month.
You get 456 leads. And for 1, 200 a month. You get
258 leads, whatever it was in the ballpark.
And I'm like, how do you control for that?
Right. In a C per month, per month. This is
a seasonal. And she told me that she's like,
this is a very seasonal business.
Like people start late, like, like,
so it's like these conflicting messages.
Right. Very, very seasonal. We're about to get
into the busy season. Cause people get married
in the warm months and they start planning in
the cold months. So it was like, now's the
best time, Chris, now's the best time to sign
up. And you know what? If you sign right now,
I can give you a 10 percent discount.

[20:01]
I'm just like, Oh my gosh, I'm not going to sign
right now. I had all these red flags going off.
I know Legion. I do Legion, right? You can't
control the volume of leads. Like even if you,
pull the lever on your Google ads, your
Facebook ads, like when you raise your
ad spend, the effectiveness goes down.
Like you just don't know. And so. I thought back
to this documentary I watched on Ashley Madison,
remember Ashley Madison? Oh, you're dirty, man.
You watched that thing? I did. My wife and I did.
Can we just talk about how, as an aside, when the
Ashley Madison emails got leaked, both of us that
day, We're searching as many emails as humanly
possible to find if there's anybody we knew on
that list, I did not sleep for five days.
I'm such a snoop. The first thing we both searched
for, I was like, Karner, and you were like,
very first. I try all the different ways to
spell your name. Like maybe he's clever. Oh,

[21:00]
geez. And I see K he's good. He is good. You go to
your Bishop, you go to your last Bishop. Yep. Your
stake president, your pastor.
Oh my gosh. I do. I totally remember
that. When it came out, I was like, are you
freaking? Oh, I'm so curious. It's just like,
I remember because there was no like database. You
had to go on the dark web to search for it. That's
when I learned how to use the dark web. I have to
know if you want Chris to learn a new technology,
tell him there's something he can
snoop about using that technology.
Oh, don't get your journal around me and don't get
it around Nick either. That's another story for
another day. All right. Sorry. So you're watching
the Ashley Madison documentary anyway. So everyone
knew that Ashley Madison's big downfall
and by the way, they're still in business,
so they never really fell.
I mean, their big data leak,
but that opened up the doors for the FBI to
start investigating them where they found out
that like 90 percent of their leads quote,
like inbound messages from women to men were

[22:00]
fake. Right. Totally fake because the number one
problem that any dating platform app website has
is there's 10 to 1 ratio of men to women.
What do you want to say? You got something funny.
No, I was waiting for that punchline. It's like,
I'm shocked. Wait a second. It was 10 to 1 men to
women on Ashley Madison. It was like 20 to one,
right? Of course. Freaking horn dog men are the
ones signing up for the Ashley Madison's and the
tenders and like all those other websites.
Not when, yes, sorry. And so their whole pricing
system was set up around credits and a credit was
like an inbound or an outbound message. And so
they, they had a whole system of bots. They were
like way ahead of their time. I mean, this was way
before AI. And they had chat bots that were like,
Roger and they were these boomers boomer men were
having these conversation with chat bots.
And like, if me and you were ever on Ashley
Madison, we would have known in five seconds,

[23:01]
like, Oh geez. Okay. You're doing bots. Okay.
All right. We're done here. But that wasn't
their client base. Right. There were boomers. That
and the fact that anytime you introduce sex into a
critical thinking conversation or situation.
It's true. Your critical thinking just goes out
the window. Right? So like, these guys were
probably like, Hey, where are you located?
Sarah? The chat bots, like I am located in
the Northwestern hemisphere was like, wait,
why would they want to say Northwestern
hemisphere? And, but like the boomers,
like, okay, I like the way you talk.
You're very specific. You don't have to be
educated. Do you go to Alabama? You must be
educated. Have you ever hunted before? I am
not allowed in my programming to talk about
hunting or killing animals. I want to go to
the Island. Anyway, so like the investigators
were like, Oh wow, this is just all fraud.
Like this is all fraud. There are no
women on this platform. And I think
it literally was like 97 percent men, right?
Like even for a dating platform, it was way,

[24:02]
way up there. And so my point is, I don't want the
not to sue me, but they are highly incentivized To
provide leads that just happen to never close
to people paying 5, 300 a month, right?
And the fact that they're telling you, Hey,
you will get this many leads is like a yellow
flag. Yes. And that is something that I feel
would be very easy to keep quiet. Really,
there just needs to be like one well paid
person at the company that is in charge of that,
that knows about that. Could pull it off.
Right. Yeah. Just submitting leads. I mean,
I guess they are. They're charging per lead.
They're telling you their pricing structure
based on the number of leads that they're going to
generate. Yeah. So then I start looking at these
subreddits and better business bureau reviews and
forums and people are not happy with them.
Like not happy at all. And people are saying, Hey,
NLT or not NLT. Hundreds of leads, no closings.

[25:04]
I just went down this rabbit hole and I was like,
this is very interesting. And so the business idea
here is to go scrape the knot, shamelessly
scrape at all, get all of their customers,
all of their vendors, you know, they're all
paying thousands of dollars a month to be there,
likely a majority of them are not happy.
You get one or two jobs a month or a year, and it
kind of pays for itself. And it's like. You just
don't churn, but I, someone commented on the post
that was from the space, very well educated in the
wedding space. And he said, basically like COVID
and Instagram changed everything for them. People
go to Instagram to plan their weddings.
Now they go to Pinterest to plan their weddings.
They're not thinking to go to the not anymore.
So just like consumer behavior, changing has
wrecked them. So they're even more incentivized,
allegedly. To provide fake leads to their
customers. And so anyway, back to the idea,
scrape all of them, start with either one
geographic area, say Texas or one niche,

[26:02]
like wedding photographers, scrape
them all, reach out to them, say,
Hey, list on our website for free.
We're like the not except free, literally
no strings attached, no charges. And then over
time, as people start to actually get leads,
you could use paid ads. As people start to
get leads, then you can say, all right it's
going to be 5 per leader. It's going to be 5
percent of any jobs booked through us.
What do you think? I mean, the marketing rights
itself, you could have so many tongue in cheek
ads. Hey, check out our wedding menus, no strings
attached, or, like we won't tie you up with our
user agreements. I don't know. I'm terrible at
marketing, but like, dude, it'd be so easy. Just
freaking riff it out post after post.
I think that's actually a really good idea. I
think it's a really good idea. And what
I find interesting is someone who's,
I can't remember who was telling me this, but
someone in the software world tech in particular,
they're like, look, any time I talk to a tech
company and I'm going to, I'm going to lump

[27:04]
the knot in with a tech company just because
it's subscription based automatically.
I negotiate harder than I ever have negotiated
anything because 90 percent margin for them.
Yeah. And they're sophisticated. Right. So
to be like, to be charging 5, 600 a month,
a month seems outrageous to me. And if you were
to do the math, if I was a wedding venue and I
just did the math on what a normal customer
acquisition cost was, can't be 5, 300.
Can it? No, that seems outrageous private equity.
Now they sold it. You should do it. You should
tag. Did you tag the wedding when you guy in
it? No, Alex. That would be interesting to
hear his perspective. Yeah, I should have.
Yeah. This is his space. I can't believe
how expensive weddings venues are. I mean,
we're talking four to 20 grand a pop.

[28:00]
Yeah, it's because we're Mormon. It's like if we
had a reception, it's either in our backyard or
at the stake center. Yeah. We had seven hot
and readies for my wedding, little scissors,
we just called it good. We just threw
up some streamers over the basketball
hoops and it was like, it transformed it.
You had streamers. We just counted the hoop
itself as streamers. I still remember to this
day when my father in law was like years after
our wedding, he's like, I'm surprised you
guys didn't take the money. I'm like, well,
what are you talking about? Take the money.
He's like, well, we would have paid you.
The same amount that we invested in, like
getting the yard ready. They spent like 10 grand,
like redoing stuff in the backyard for the
reception. And I was like, that was an option.
I would have freaking been at the steak
center for 10 grand. Your wife didn't take,
I'm surprised. Well, she didn't know either.
She's, I had the same reaction as me. Cause we
would, we would have taken the money.
I mean, shoot for our wedding, Nick,
we just put up a projector and we just played
the episode of the office where Jim and Pam get
married. Like that was our wedding. Yeah. It was
really nice. It was actually really sweet.

[29:06]
That's a great episode. How quickly you just went,
it was actually really nice. It was a really,
it was a tender moment that I still remember
to this day. I wrote in my journal.
Can you define what a wholesaler is? For
the audience. A wholesaler is someone that
sells a good to a reseller at usually a
discounted price from retail. So Chris has
had several of these types of businesses.
His very first one was LCD cycle where you
were a wholesaler of cell phone repair parts. He
would go and source the parts from China.
He'd be the intermediary and then he'd sell
to retail repair shops that then sold them to
the end customer. Bucky's is, yeah, you're
kind of a wholesaler and a resaler in one
with Texas snacks. We've done a similar model
with a mining syndicate and are potentially
doing a similar model with perfume vending.
So wholesaling is a thing. And there's kind of

[30:01]
two big reasons why wholesaling exists. One is
because of economies of scale the local repair
shop in the LCD cycle example, that was, that
are fixing phones. They don't have the same
pricing power. As a wholesaler, who's going and
buying hundreds of thousands of units at a time,
they're buying maybe tens of units at a time, but
a wholesaler buying hundreds of thousands of units
at a time can push down and negotiate the cost
per unit, which makes it much, much cheaper for
them to then, get that product and sell it to a
customer as opposed to doing it themselves.
So that's the first reason why wholesaling
is a thing economies of scale. The second
thing that I'm starting to notice is asymmetric
knowledge. Which means people don't know how to
interface and interact with international
manufacturers. We saw this when we launched
mining syndicate, nobody knew how to buy a
minor directly from the manufacturer.
There was only the resellers that they were
buying them from. And so Chris is like,
I have relationships there. And you just
started reaching out to your relationships,

[31:02]
got in touch with a couple of manufacturers.
We now have relationships. With manufacturers
and resellers in China, we're able to
import the minors and sell them.
We're doing a similar thing with perfumatic.
I think, and this could be our business,
but you know, there's the other guy, no risk, no
party on Twitter who, who does this as well. I
think there's a business for showing local
influencers or people who do a lot of work
within a specific geographic area that are well
known how to enter the wholesaling game.
So Mike Higgins, for example, he's big in, I
think, Madison, Wisconsin. I think that's where
he is near green Bay. And he does a lot of flips.
He texts me the other day and he was like, Hey,
do you think Chris would help me understand how
to be a wholesaler of flooring? I think it was,
I think flooring was the thing.
And I'm like, yeah, I'm sure he'd have
a conversation with you about it. And it just,
it got me thinking. It's like, yeah. And yeah,
Mike knows that market really well. And
people know Mike within that market. Why

[32:01]
couldn't he become a wholesale distributor
within that market? Typically the reason is
because he doesn't even know where to start.
Like how would he even find. Something to resell.
How does he even become a wholesaler? Like, and
that was his question to me. And I was like,
well, I'd go look at Alibaba, see if anybody's
reselling flooring there. And then I would go
and talk to the manufacturer who's
listing on Alibaba and see if they
have any relationships outside of that.