[00:00]
something that he can charge 250 grand a
year for a tool that I built with
software that cost $20 a month. By the
time I left his house for the Super
Bowl, I was fiddling with it for like an
hour and a half. I just built a tool
that made me seven figures in an hour
and a half. Bye. Everything I learned
while trapped in a small office with a
West Texas oil billionaire. He said to
me, "Chris, what if I paid you x amount
of dollars a year to work here?" Like
completely took me off guard. $300,000 a
year? 700,000 a year? Stop. curious. A
million dollars a year. Chris,
one thing on operator I wanted to ask
you. You had a video. I haven't watched
the video, but it was like operators
pushing operators. So, I had asked you
about this at first and I was like, can
you have an operator operating an
operator? And at first, you're like, no,
that's like we can't do that. But then I
saw you had a video that was like, no,
you can do that. So, can you do it? Mhm.
So, my friend, you are so dirty. I
haven't asked operator to operate
operator, but I have asked operator to

[01:02]
operator, but I have asked operator to
log into my chat GPT account and use
chat GPT. It works. Okay, but this dude,
I'm going to give you my login to chat
GPT and I want you to see if you can use
operator to use my operator. Mhm. Oh,
that's gonna be so cool.
It's good. I'll try it on my own account
first, assuming I don't think it will
work. But dude, that's a perfect leadin.
So, one thing I'm going to do here soon
is there's a bunch of, you know, AI
enabled app builders. Cursor, Replet,
Bolt. There's a bunch of them. I can't
even remember them all. I want this is
what I'm going to do. I know I can have
six operator tabs open at once. So, I'm
going to take six cursors and replets of
the world and take one idea like I want
you to make me a calorie counter app. A
web app that counts calories where I can
upload a picture of food and it will
tell me how many calories. That's a
thing. I know AI can do this. There's a
bunch of apps that do that. Okay. I'm

[02:01]
bunch of apps that do that. Okay. I'm
going to tell it to give the same prompt
to all six at the same time. Run
concurrently. And I'm going to tell it
to work through all the bugs and see
which one can build this app for me
without me any intervention for me
whatsoever. Does that make sense? It
does make sense. The only thing I'm like
thinking of is right now with operator
it's asynchronous. It's like a human,
right? Like they've got to go
individually one by one. So are you
saying it would go to replet tell replet
do xyz things and then while replet's
running in the background it would go to
the next tab and say I'm what they call
an idiot. Can you explain it to me? Yes.
I'm saying I've already tested this and
you can have six operators running in
six different tabs at the same time. So
I'm going to take one prompt to operator
and it's going to say you know go to
cursor and here's the prompt build this
app and then I'll just paste that same
prompt and swap out cursor with bolt
with replet with all the others and have

[03:01]
with replet with all the others and have
it just go all six at once and then make
sense. Yeah. Yeah. And then see which
one does the best which one needs the
least amount of intervention to build
that app. Oh interesting. Then I learned
multiple things. Then I learn which of
those six platforms I like the best and
I learn which of those six platforms
works the nicest with operator. If you
haven't used a replet like you get like
it is you're babysitting it the whole
time. You don't just say build an app
and you build it builds an app. It
breaks and it breaks and then it fixes
something and then it goes back and
breaks it again. But like you'll get
there. You will get there. But how well
does operator massage it? Dude, I know
we're getting ahead of ourselves here.
How cool would it be though you do that?
You build the six. They're all open in
different tabs. It produces them. Then
you have six more tabs. Same six tabs.
Cool. Now you have the app. It's the
same prompt. I want you to execute these
tasks on this app and tell me about your

[04:01]
tasks on this app and tell me about your
user experience or like give me how long
it took to do XYZ things. So then, so
then you're getting qualitative analysis
as well from operator to tell you which
one of these apps performs better with
speed, with quality, responsiveness, UI,
like whatever you want to test it on.
And then you'll have a data set that you
can look at and compare that's not just
you going and using it and saying like,
"Oh, which one do I like the best?" But
like operator giving you actual data to
tell you which one's the best. That
would be super interesting. That's
pretty cool. That's pretty cool. It's
meta,
bro. Am I on I Oscar right now? Oh my
gosh, dude. It's freaking meta.
So, I had an idea this week. I wrote it
down to myself, and I I want to just I
want to just tell it to you to get your
opinion on it. I've been thinking a lot
about this stuff. We both have.
And in particular, it's like, how do I
use agents? How do I prepare for agents?

[05:01]
use agents? How do I prepare for agents?
Some people will prepare, some people
won't prepare. And I wrote this post. I
I haven't posted it yet, but I wrote
this down and I want to just read it to
you. Hopefully, it's not too boring and
then get your opinion. Ready? Okay. So,
right now, people are using AI to
essentially make make better decisions.
They're using it as a teacher, general
counsel, a sounding board, a mentor.
It's effectively a better version of
Google. Mhm. But soon it's going to
change. It's going to change from being
a tool to an extension of you, an
employee, a representative, an agent
making decisions on your behalf, right?
We know that. So anyways, I've been
thinking a lot about how you get ready
for it. And I think implementing an
agent is going to look a lot like
onboarding an employee. You're going to
need
SOPs. And so an SOP, standard operating
procedure. How does this work? Right?
What do you do? What is the function?
What is the process? Etc. Mhm. You're
going to need an orientation process.
You're going to need onboarding. And
you're going to need continued
continuing oversight. So, like in my

[06:00]
continuing oversight. So, like in my
mind, the best way to prepare for these
agents is to to create the onboarding as
if it was a human employee. Like don't
think of it as, oh, I got an agent now.
Like, just do your thing. Like, that's
how they're going to be trained. They're
going to be trained on like SOPs from
the last 10, 20 years, right? Yeah.
That's the language it speaks. Exactly.
And if you have employees now or you
have processes now, document them
because that's how you're going to get
the agent up to speed. Like think of it
as a as a human employee that's going to
be taking a function. It's not just
going to know like yes it's very smart
but you could take the smartest person
in the world plop them into a healthcare
company in the billing department and be
like all right bill for me now. They're
not going to know what to do. They don't
know what system to go to, what the EMR
is, how to log in, who the provider is,
what they pay, what they bill, how to
apply it. Like they don't know. They
have to be trained on that stuff. So I
think this framework for me was a bipol
moment. Treat these processes as SOPs.
Document them. And then you're going to

[07:02]
Document them. And then you're going to
treat an agent just the same way you
would treat a new employee. You're going
to have to train them. So have these
things ready. What do you think? Mhm.
Absolut 100% agree. That makes sense. I
would agree. Give me 14 of them right
now.
Well, and what's fun is like you and I
have been doing that, right? Like we've
been creating our custom our own custom
GPTs. we have been creating our own
SOPs. Like we're getting to the point
now where it's like, oh, we understand
it's not a set it and forget it type of
thing. We have to train the the system,
the the LLM on what it's supposed to do.
So like I think it just makes natural
sense to us now. But for most people,
it's not. And I think they need to
reframe, oh, this isn't just a computer
that just figures it out. It's a new
employee. Train the employee. And and
like you said, when we're using operator
right now, it's like, I got to double
check it. You got to try to break it.
Did it actually do what you said it was
going to do? Like you've got to do
oversight. You've got to see how it's
performing. You It's It's not just, oh,
cool. It's going to sit there and be
perfect forever. Like, you're going to

[08:00]
perfect forever. Like, you're going to
have to still oversee it in some
capacity. Yeah, dude. I've got another
use case that I meant to talk about for
Replet. Something that I did the other
day. You ready? Okay. Yeah. So, we have
a we have a mutual friend. I'm not going
to name him to protect his identity. So,
we went over there to watch the Super
Bowl. So, we're s and he he says, "Hey,
I want you to show me something on
Replet. Bring your MacBook." So, I bring
my MacBook. We're sitting down watching
the Super Bowl. Not really a good game
anyway, right? What? It's like It's like
the king inviting the court jester like,
"Entertain me. Show me something cool."
That was it. That was it. So funny. So,
he has a professional service business
and he helps companies that are
acquiring other companies. Okay. He had
4.4 gigabytes of financial data from one
of his customers, mostly spreadsheets.
1.4 million rows of spreadsheet data.
Financial data. Okay. And it was in
Tableau.
It's a lot. Part of it was in Tableau.
It's in Excel. It's all over the place.
And he wants to ask questions to this
data. So, we talked about GPT for sheets

[09:01]
data. So, we talked about GPT for sheets
on previous episodes where you can plug
a formula into a sheet, drag it down.
That's cool. But what do you do with 4.4
gigabytes of spreadsheets, all for one
company, all financial data, a company
with multiple subsidiaries, lots of
stuff going on. How can you just say
like which of my subsidiaries had the
highest profit margin in July 2022? How
can you find that with one prompt?
Right? So I said he he wanted me to
build that. And he says, "Chris, if you
can build this, this company's about to
go to market. I think they're going to
sell for 14 times IBIDA. I think that if
they are if they have this tool, they
are AI enabled and they'll be able to
sell for 14 times IBIDA, which
represents seven figures of additional
value created, which means I can charge
them for this tool 250 grand a year."
Okay. Two. So, I'm like, "Hey, you
shouldn't have told me this because that
means I'm going to charge you about 200
grand a year for this." The second he
said, "Chris, if you can build me this,"
you shut off and you just started

[10:00]
you shut off and you just started
building. By the time he was done with
that sentence, because there were so
many qualifiers, you're like, "Oh, this
thing." Just turned around the MacBook.
Oh, this. Basically, yes. So, I go to
Replet and I type in the I'm like, "This
is what I want. I got 4.4 gigabytes."
So, gives me an interface, okay, with
like an upload button for spreadsheets.
And I'm like, "Okay, but these
spreadsheets are in Box," which is like
Dropbox, right? They're on the cloud. It
was this fast. I said, "Can you put like
I just want to put in a box
link?" Boom. It added another field for
just uploading a box link. Interesting.
Okay. So, then I just start testing. It
doesn't work. It keeps breaking. Keeps
breaking. It's not searching. I upload
the data. It recognizes the data. It
shows me load all the rows, but then
it's only pulling from a sample size of
the rows. So, it's not answering my
question. So, then I take a random
spreadsheet from my computer that has
14,000 rows. I upload that and I say,
"What's on row 1032?" It doesn't give it
to me, but Replet tells me it it's only
looking at the first 14 rows. So, then I
have Replet fix it. So, it searches all

[11:01]
have Replet fix it. So, it searches all
the rows. And then I ask it the same
prompt, and it works. It gives me the
email address that's in that exact cell.
So, then I say, "What percentage of the
cells in column G are this value?" And
it breaks. It doesn't work. It doesn't
work. And then it works. It tells me cuz
you iterated to it. Yeah. I just kept
getting there and I'm not doing any
coding. I'm just This is just English
language basic reasoning. Okay. And then
I go to the spreadsheet and I crunch I
start a pivot
table 13%. It's exactly right. So then
by the time I left his house for the
Super Bowl, I was fiddling with it for
like an hour and a half. It was
uploading all 4.4 4 gigabytes of data
and answering questions about this
spreadsheet. Something that adds seven
figures of value to his customer.
Something that he can charge 250 grand a
year for a tool that I built with
software that cost $20 a month. You
don't even know who won the game. I
don't you know why, Chris? You know why
the game of life, bro? Oh, I'm sorry.

[12:01]
the game of life, bro? Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry. This is literally the
Nick Huber tweet except full Hub. Oh,
I'm sorry. You guys are watching the
game. I just built a tool that made me
seven figures in an hour and a half.
Bye. I actually was I'm out of here.
Funny cuz I actually was doing those
thing but I was also watching the game.
You can do both. You can have both.
That's crazy. I've never So I haven't
messed with Replet. I'm Is it
a plugin? Like are you doing it
separate? Like where where are you
actually doing these things? Oh my gosh.
I knew that you were going to put the
hands to the face. It I'm like, even
though I knew it was coming, do this
brother a favor and edit this out so he
can just go to replet.com and look and
have his own question answered in point4
seconds. It's like a chat GPT interface.
You do it all within Replet. Oh, you do
it within. Okay, cool. I'm up to speed.
Yeah, but then do this brother a favor.

[13:01]
But if it needs to use OpenAI's API, it
will ask you for your API credentials
and then it will remember them forever.
First of all, that's freaking amazing.
Is he paying you?
It's funny cuz his wife was like, he was
telling his wife and she's like, "Oh,
you're paying him, right? You're paying
him. What are you paying him?"
It was good. Very, very quick comment
here. Isn't it crazy? Because I am this
type of person. Isn't it crazy that the
second I say, "Oh, yeah, and if it needs
your API key, you can just give it your
API key." That's going to turn 90% of
people who would have done this off.
Like, oh, API, okay, that's too
complicated for I'm not a coder. Mhm.
Right. We're not either. And I've I've
overcome that. But there's, you know, a
million other things that kind of get in
the way. But the stuff is easy and it's
solvable. But just that little thing
weeds out 90% of people that would have
otherwise used this. So, I know. I know.
All right. So, I want to tell a story
about a billionaire. And I don't want to
feel like that type of guy that talks

[14:01]
feel like that type of guy that talks
about his billionaire friends. I just
want to preface this with I don't know
billionaires. I don't know them. I don't
know. I don't have rich friends. Okay. I
don't. Apparently, you do. Apparently,
you do. I've talked to two billionaires
in my entire life. One that I'm about to
tell a story about. I'm gonna keep him
anonymous because he wanted to be kept
anonymous. I'm going to change some of
the details to protect his identity. But
it made me think of this legendary Sam
Parr tweet from February 19th, 2021.
Okay. Okay. I just pulled it up.
February in Texas 2021, there was a
apocalyptic snowstorm that knocked out
the power and locked everyone inside.
So, he got reamed for this tweet, but he
knew what he was doing. It says, "I was
just trapped in a snowstorm in a
two-bedroom apartment 72 hours with one
of the most powerful venture capitalists
in the world. How's that for a hook?" He
said, "This person Andrew Chen is a
partner at Andre and Horowits. I asked
him how to get rich through angel
investing. Here's what he told me." So
that became a meme, right? Like people

[15:00]
that became a meme, right? Like people
people would meme that and say, "I was
trapped in an apartment with and it was
hilarious, right? So I'm just thinking
of that tweet as I tell this story." So
here's my hook. Are you ready for it?
Permission to make fun of you.
Permission to not make fun of you.
Enough to be funny, but not enough to
hurt my feelings. You know where that
balance is, right?
I'm easily offended, right? I'm not
saying anything you don't already know,
right? All right, go ahead. Hook.
If you offend me too much, I'll shut
down emotionally and we'll edit this out
and we'll never talk again. I love it.
So, this is Here's the hook. You ready?
Mhm. Everything I learned while being
trapped in a stodgy office building with
a West Texas oil billionaire. Okay. Can
you say it again? You stuttered in the
middle there. It's not going to be good
enough. We We got to say it again. Dang
it. You're right. You're right. Yeah. I
don't Here's everything I learned while
trapped in a small office with a West
Texas oil billionaire. It's perfect.
It's perfect. On a January Wednesday

[16:00]
It's perfect. On a January Wednesday
afternoon for 7 hours. Oh my gosh, it's
so good. All right. You ready? Okay. So,
yeah. This guy saw me on Twitter and he
wanted to talk to me about social media
and AI. So, I drove to his office. It
was a long drive. I spent seven hours
with him and two of his employees. And
honestly, Nick, it blew my mind. It blew
my mind a little bit. It blew your mind.
Yes, it did. Okay. Some of the things I
witnessed were stereotypical and you
probably heard about on other business
podcasts. Some of it really surprised
me. So, here, what was my nickname on
our mission? What' you call me? Ker the
Learner. Kerner the Discerner. Ker the
Observer as well. Coloner the observer.
Yes. That's right. So, here's what I
observed. First of all, his monitor was
like a 48 inch TV right in front of his
face. Really? Yeah, it was big. It was
big. Okay, so we know so we know he's
74. Okay, keep going. We're going to
whittle this
down. Okay. He shared an office with one

[17:01]
down. Okay. He shared an office with one
of his key employees who is a buyer. His
title is buy. He doesn't have a title.
Most of his employees don't have
LinkedIn profiles. They they're not like
out and about. They just work for this
company. They're very loyal. They have
great culture, but they don't like no
one has a title at this company. Okay,
so video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales
tkopod.com. So he shares a room. He
shares an office with this person. Yeah.
And his title is technically buyer, like
a purchaser. Interesting. But it's like
his key right-hand man. Okay. So, he
Okay. But the billionaire doesn't have
his own office. He doesn't have the
corner office. It's like massive green.
It's a nice corner office. It's a
modest. It's not huge. No putting green.
Very modest. No fancy furniture. The

[18:00]
Very modest. No fancy furniture. The
point is it's shared. It's shared.
Shared. They're backtoback. They're
literally backtoback. To quote Twitter,
there's a lesson there.
to quote Elon. Let that sink in.
No, but there has to Yeah. Anyways,
okay. Filed away. Keep going. His title
is buyer, but he's way overqualified.
That wasn't another pattern from the day
was like everyone was way overqualified
for what they were doing with this
company. They were just very smart for
their title at least. Got it. Okay.
Okay. His assistant is a lawyer. Like a
a proper lawyer. She went to law school.
Sharp as attack. very direct,
professional, wasn't just a yesw woman.
Her office was right next to his and
they were just talking all day in
person. Okay. So, that was interesting.
She wasn't just like an administrative
assistant. They're talking all day like
she's in the same room or they're in
separate rooms. No, she's next door, but
she's in and out of the office all day
long. Cool. Okay. This gentleman
solicited advice from everyone around
him. Okay. not only like the smart

[19:02]
him. Okay. not only like the smart
people or the the sea-level people, his
buyer, his assistant, me, anyone. He
wanted truth or advice anywhere he could
get it. But he was not afraid to tell
them that's a bad idea. I don't like
that idea or that's a brilliant idea.
Not in a rude way, just in a very direct
way. What are your thoughts on that? I
love it. I think it makes a ton of
sense. I think it makes a ton of sense,
especially for people who have gotten to
that level. There's a there's an
interview I saw with a guy who was an
executive at Facebook. He said the same
thing about Mark Zuckerberg. He's like
going into a meeting with Mark, he wants
the feedback. He will take any feedback
from anybody. He will tell you if he
thinks your idea sucks. He'll push back
on you, but he's open to having his mind
changed. And I think that the most
successful people, especially in that
stratosphere, everybody's trying to
dethrone them. They have to be open to
feedback because otherwise they're going
to get taken out. So, it doesn't
surprise me because I've heard about it,
but it also does surprise me because you

[20:01]
but it also does surprise me because you
don't think of like billionaire
know-it-alls as like asking questions of
the janitor. I think it's awesome. Like,
when I first walked in, I got there 5
minutes early,
7:55. Every single person in the office
was already there and working at 7:55,
which that that alone was interesting to
me. I walked in and this gentleman was
standing right inside the door with
another gentleman and they were looking
at new packaging options. I walk in the
door and they're like, "Chris, oh,
thanks for coming. Nice to meet you.
Hey, look at this packaging with us.
What do you think? Do you like this one
or this one? Does the lid fit right? How
does it look?" If you were a customer,
what would you think if you picked this
up in your like this was like how I met
them? I'd never met them in person ever.
And they immediately and I don't know
about packaging. I've never had a
consumer package good before. I'm not
like a packaging expert, but he
genuinely wanted my feedback. I'm like,
hm. So, it set us off on the right foot.
So, he was instantly engaging, instantly
charismatic. Instantly. Yeah. But there
were no pleasantries. It he was nice.
Shook my hand. Nice to meet you. I'm so

[21:00]
Shook my hand. Nice to meet you. I'm so
and so. Here's so and so. What do you
think of this packaging? Like, we just
get right into it. Was it like
intimidating or was it like, oh, this is
my friend's dad from college and we're
meeting for the first time? It was
extremely welcoming. That's awesome.
Like just you it just puts you at home
immediately. Okay. Okay. So then we're
in this office and immediately we just
start riffing on ideas and it was very
much like add laced just there was there
was a whiteboard. We were whiteboarding.
He was whiteboarding but he wanted
advice from everyone and we were just
all over the place. And I'd ask a
question like well what do you pay for
this? Look it up. And he'd ask the other
guy to look it up. They'd look it up.
Then we'd spend an hour talking about
that one question and I'm like I thought
we were talking about this. Like this is
me. Are you me? like we're add all over
the place. You know, that was a big
takeaway for me was like he just wanted
advice from everyone but and he would
respectfully tell you that doesn't work
because X Y or Z. I don't like that idea
but not in an offensive way. That was
the culture of everyone there was just

[22:00]
the culture of everyone there was just
very direct but professional. I think
I'm very good at the former and not
great at the latter. I love getting
advice. I love questioning. I love like
finding the right answer. Mhm. When it
comes time to like you make the decision
or you give direct feedback. Mhm. I
don't know if I'm as good. I mean, I'm
trying to be better, but I wonder like
those two things are, I think, rare
skills to have at the same time. Yeah, I
agree. Another thing is they would come
up with an idea, an action item. Let's
do this. He would do it immediately. He
would stand up from his desk, have his
assistant sit down, and type the email
for him. He would just watch her type.
And they're like, and he wasn't even
really reading. She was just like, "Type
it out." And then she'd like edit it and
then she's like, "Yeah, you good? Good."
She'd send they'd swap places. He'd sit
back down. No way. Really? Yeah. Yeah.
Have you ever seen like Trump with his
assistants? They'll tweet for him. It's
pretty funny. So like she'll be sitting

[23:02]
pretty funny. So like she'll be sitting
here like this
like like typing out and then she'll
like turn the phone and show him. and
it's, you know, in the grandpa text it's
like this big all caps because that's
just like the way he he
tweets and then he'll be like, "Yeah,
that's good. Change this part and then
like, you know, she sends it off." As
Twitter would say, there's a lesson
there.
No, that's interesting. She writes it
for me. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to recap
really quickly.
Gregarious, very welcoming, very
likable, curious, but like genuinely
curious, soliciting
feedback,
actionoriented, direct with his
feedback, firm decisions, next steps
done right away. Like nothing's hanging
over. Yeah, let's circle back on that or
let's drill down on that later. Like,
no, it's like, okay, cool. We're done.
Do like moves it off of his plate quick.
The way he handled phone calls was super
interesting. And remember my boss Danny,

[24:00]
interesting. And remember my boss Danny,
the pest control business owner, Danny
Galini.
Yes, Danny Galini. He would always dance
the phone with, "Go ahead. Go like just
let's freaking get into it." And then at
the end, he would end it with, "Let me
go. Let me go." Right? Like, "I'm done
with this conversation." I swear on my
life, this guy, he answered the phone.
"Go ahead. Go ahead." Right? as if it
was like a walkie-talkie. Yeah. And just
straight to the point and like people
would like overescribe things to him and
he would just interrupt him like tell me
exactly what I need to know. What do I
need to know? Okay. So that was
interesting. His always on speaker phone
maybe because he can hear better. Maybe
because he wanted the people in the room
to hear it, right, dude? Yes. And he
he's like created this environment where
no secrets was like dude like secrets
cost him money. All right, cool.
Everyone's going to hear. Great. What
did you guys think of that? Let's make a
decision. Straight to I love that. I
love that. It's funny you say no secrets
because at one point he said to me,
"Chris, what if I paid you x amount of

[25:00]
"Chris, what if I paid you x amount of
dollars a year to work here?" Like
completely took me off guard. $200,000 a
year, 300,000 a year, 700,000 a year.
Stop. Chris, $900,000. A million dollar
a year. Chris, it was surely an amount
of money more than either of the people
in the room make. And how easily do I
get awkward, Nick? Exceptionally easily.
I get awkward probably more than anyone
you've ever met in your life, right? I
want it to die. I want it to jump out of
the
window cuz I'm like I What? We're We're
talking salary. We're negotiating salary
in front of these what? Yeah. And he's
like, "No, I I probably couldn't pay you
that much because then everyone would
get jealous and they would resent you."
And I'm thinking like, why does anyone
have to know? Why? Why can't we just
He's like the autistic guy is just like
cuz you get it, right? Cuz then your
wife would be attracted to me if you
came in the office. You're like, whoa,
what? I don't Well, and and then he
would look to the other people like,
"What do you think? What do you think?"
Yeah. And they were just like I'm like,

[26:00]
Yeah. And they were just like I'm like,
"Are we talking about this openly? What
is happening?" Yeah. And then I'd like I
I literally said out loud, I'm like,
"Oh, this is awkward." And he's like,
"What is it, Chris? Is it a heck yes or
a heck no? Is it a heck yes or a heck
no?" And I'm like, would I have to move
here? And he's like, oh, he's actually
considering
it. That was a joke.
Okay. You think we would ever pay you
that? So, very, very open. Let me ask
you this. I've noticed myself doing this
in the last year in particular. I find
myself cutting people off. I'm not
trying to be rude, but it's like, I see
where you're going with this. Okay,
cool. Like, I don't need everything
else. Yeah. Like, let's just cut to it.
And I still struggle with it because I
don't want people to think that I'm rude
or mean or douche. You know what I mean?
But at the same time, it's like, "Okay,
cool. Can we can we hurry this along?"
Did you see yourself in him when he
would do that? 100%. Yeah. Weird, right?
I wouldn't have thought this like even
even two years ago, I wouldn't have
thought this, but like recently, I could

[27:02]
thought this, but like recently, I could
definitely see that. Yeah. I wonder if
when either he's always been that way or
if when he was our age, he would kind of
pussyfoot around it and hesitate. And
now that he's older, he's just like, I
don't give a crap. like we're going to
save time here. I'm going to cut you
off. I know where you're going. He's
probably like, "Look, either you're
going to like me or you're not going to
like me. I can't waste my time on it."
But he's going to be super, you know,
welcoming, engaging, gregarious, so you
know, like quickly you trust him. Like
he doesn't mean it to be rude. That's
the way I'm starting to feel about it.
It's like, look, you're going to get to
know me. You know that I I'm not trying
to be rude. I like you, right? But let's
just get to the heart of the matter. I
think Michael Girdley has this like a
one pager that he gives people that work
with him and it just gets like all of
that out of the way and I really like
that because then it's like then they
know on day one that you're not being
rude that's just how you are and I I
like that idea. He kept referring to 175
years the the whole time. And I would be
like, "Why don't you do this? Why don't
you do that? Why don't you you could you
could definitely raise these prices?"

[28:00]
could definitely raise these prices?"
And he's like, "Chris, I want this
business to be around in 175 years,
right? So, your idea is great for the
next 5 years, but I'm not worried about
that." He starts referencing all these
companies that have He's like, "Sir was
amazing. Sears was amazing. They should
have been around for 175 years, but they
made this one mistake, and so they're
not. they he's like they could have done
this and I guarantee you they'd still be
around but they didn't. Did he give his
rationale for a why 175? That's like a
very specific number. Maybe he wants to
get to 2200 and we're like I don't know.
Interesting. But just that's like that's
the framework is just a long-term
thinker. Generational very long-term
thinker. Yeah. A lot of the Warren
Buffett is like that. Elon Musk is like
if you look at these guys who have
billions of dollars, they're looking at
long time horizons. I mean, Musk's
trying to go to Mars. Warren Buffett is
92 and he's still investing as if he's
got a 40-year time horizon. So, they're
not necessarily trying to make decisions
for this next quarter. They're trying to

[29:00]
for this next quarter. They're trying to
make decisions for the long term. And I
I do think it changes at some point.
When you're getting started, it's like,
no, I got to make the decision for
tomorrow. Like, I got to figure this out
now. And then you get to a certain level
that I think you're financially able to
make decisions that are long-term as
opposed to like just these short-term
flips. Yeah. Say yes to everything until
you can afford to say no to everything,
right? He kept wanting to know how I
think because I think like everything he
knew about me was publicly facing, but
he kept asking me these questions that
were kind of tests. They were tests in a
way. Like at one point he had me stand
up to the whiteboard and he asked me
this super complicated question about
his his ranch and his deer lease and
like how he tags these deer and how he
asked the guys that work on his ranch,
if we kill all the deer with the red
tags, how many deer would be left over?
And it was kind of like it was a math
question on its surface, but really it
was a how do you think question below
the surface? It was really interesting.

[30:00]
the surface? It was really interesting.
And sometimes I would answer in a smart
way but the wrong way. like he was
talking about like an issue they were
having with a vendor and he's like now
why do you think we can't ask our vendor
to price us according to this other
customer of theirs and I was like well
because then they would eventually find
out it and it could it would piss that
customer off and it would risk what the
vendor has with their customer and he's
like that's actually genius and I'm
that's crazy you thought of that but
that's not at all what I'm getting
at oh thank you genius there were like
three or four times times when he asked
me these questions to test, not if I
knew the answer, but what follow-up
questions would I ask to help get to the
right answer, and he didn't even care if
I got to the right answer or not.
Anyway, so in general, it was it was an
amazing experience. Really enlightening
day, and I I learned a ton. I like that
idea of like seeing how people think.
So, you and I I'll tell you offline, but
you and I have a mutual friend who has a
friend that he claims is worth like $800

[31:03]
friend that he claims is worth like $800
million. And for a myriad of reasons, I
don't believe him. The reasons don't
matter why I don't believe him, but they
were there. And like we were talking
about it and there's like there's two
ways that you can sort of validate
somebody, I think, over time. Way number
one is the hard facts. Oh, they fly
private. I met their chief of staff of
this company. His personal chef was
here. He let me stay at several of his
houses. Right? Like those are those are
facts that you can do. The other way
that I think you can validate is just by
talking to them many conversations over
an extended period of time and you like
you just get a feel for how they think,
what kind of decisions they would make
and and that can get you to trust and
validate those things, right? It's like,
"Oh yeah, he's a freaking genius when it
comes to business. he's coached me on a
couple of whatever. And that's where I
think this billionaire that was talking
to you, it's that second thing, right?
It's like, how do you think? How do you
answer this question? He's validating

[32:01]
answer this question? He's validating
you by quickly trying to get to the spot
that most people spend months getting to
because they're just like getting to
know somebody. He's trying to elicit
that quickly by asking these series of
questions. I think that's that's a
really interesting way to sort of think
about validating somebody is how do you
quickly get them to give you the
information you need? Yeah, I agree.
Isn't it funny? Like even 3 years ago,
the conversations that you and I are
having are the same. And I would say
like the quality of our intellect and
and curiosity is pretty much the same.
But now like the people that we're
talking to and the opportunities that
we've had is like it's so different.
Like and the ability to effectuate
change by using our skills and like
things that we're better than anybody
else in the world at is pretty it's
pretty incredible. Anyways, that was
like my thought after listening to you.
No, that's good. And a framework that I
just thought of while you were saying
that is like one thing that we're doing
with this podcast, either overtly or or
subtly is encouraging people to go out

[33:01]
subtly is encouraging people to go out
and do cool stuff, right? Just just
start something, do something, build
something, sell something, do something
epic and cool. If you do that, it's
almost silly. It's almost stupid, I
would say, to not tell the internet what
you're doing. You know what I'm saying?
Like, I I get it. I I on one hand, I get
it. Like, content is a is a a beast.
It's it could be stressful. It could be
addicting in a very bad way. But it just
opens up like if if you're
opportunistic, which you probably are if
you're listening to this, then you can
be even more opportunistic by simply
telling people about what you're doing.
if you're doing something cool. Like
this guy invited me over because of an
interview he saw of mine that wasn't
even on my podcast. He hadn't even seen
any of my content. It was someone else's
content. That's crazy.
One piece of content. Super random,
right? Like Well, and it's not all The
other thing is like it's not all going
to look the same. You and I are are
going to look very differently. You are

[34:01]
going to look very differently. You are
much better than I am at storytelling,
at figuring out the hook, at figuring
out the interesting angle, at being
brief. right? Like I talk too much. So
your ability to grow an audience is much
better than I'm not saying that I won't
get better. I'm not saying I won't grow
an audience. Whatever. You're just like
you've built this skill set up over time
and you have this natural ability.
You're better than me at this. So your
opportunity with content is different,
right? I'm kind of getting you're doing
really cool stuff now. And now like it's
just continuing to feed into your stuff.
My path may be a little different. I'm
thinking now about doing cool things.
maybe raising some money, maybe getting
back into healthcare, still continuing
to do content, but like using those
things that I'm doing as a way to feed
the content, and then that is an
opportunity for me to continue to share,
right? Like, but those are two very
different things, the paths that that
we're laying out there. And neither one
of them is right or wrong for anybody.
They're just right or wrong for specific
people. And that's that's what's so cool
to me is you can use this in any way

[35:01]
to me is you can use this in any way
that you want. You just need to figure
out how you build trust at scale and and
then how it works for you moving
forward. You got to figure out what you
do. You got to figure out what you do.
All right. All right. Hey, was good
talk. Love you, too. All right. What'
you think? Please share it with a friend
and we'll see you next time on the
Kerner