[00:00]
What are you seeing? Just being in the
space where like, oh, someone needs to
start this. This idea could really work
here. I get so many phone calls about
how would you launch it? I would contact
those caterers. Also contact the
festivals, but ask the caterers who's
supplying your stuff and would you be up
for using a different person? Finding a
business in a niche, no matter how hard
it is, can be very rewarding if you're
just patient and put the time in. It's
created a great salary for me and helped
me fill up some retirement accounts. And
at the end of the year, it spits out
some really nice bonuses.
All right. 2013. Yeah. 2013. My brother
had started a bar called Squeeze Bar in
Charleston, South Carolina. And some
wedding planners came to us and said,
"Hey, would you guys do like a bar
service like for weddings?" We said,
"Yeah, sure." And as we started getting
on site at these weddings, we noticed
that the caterers were complaining about
the equipment that they were renting at
the time. My brother actually had the
idea. He's like, "Well, what if we
bought new stuff? Would you guys rent

[01:01]
bought new stuff? Would you guys rent
that from us?" We bought a couple sets
of stuff right off the rip, but nobody's
really using us because really there was
only one other game in town, and that
guy had it locked down. Unfortunately
for him, he never put anything of
quality out in the field, and it
actually ended up making it pretty easy
for us to end up kind of stealing
business from him. What were the first
pieces of equipment you bought and
started trying to rent out? I believe
that first order was two convection
ovens. And at the time, and I bought
South Bins. They're made just outside
Raleigh, North Carolina. They were like
$2,800. Wow. Each. Each. Correct. And
then I bought a range for them at the
time. And I think that was around like
$1,800. And two fryers. And those were
around 900 bucks a piece. So I don't
know, like 10 grand all in maybe with
some other ancillary pieces of
equipment. So we're very small. I mean,
it was super small. I mean, one oven and
we were booked up, you know. Yeah. We
carry 15 ovens now. nine ranges, 24
fries. Let me make sure I got this
origin story correct. Your brother
opened Your brother had a bar and then

[02:02]
opened Your brother had a bar and then
someone asked if he could bring his bar
to a wedding to cater it. Yep. He did.
Started talking to the other caterers.
They were having a bad experience with
the one guy in town that was renting
them commercial kitchen equipment. So,
you and your brother thought, "Let's
compete. Let's buy our own stuff." And
you bought your own stuff. And it was
kind of slowgoing at first. Yeah, 100%.
Actually about two weeks after that we
bought the equipment and started Event
Kitchens, the bar that we had downtown
Charleston burned down and that kind of
was I mean worst
experience in a that's a bad experience
for sure. If anybody's been through it,
it is it's awful. But they also say like
the phoenix rises from the ashes and
from that the community kind of reached
out and said like what can we do to
help? And we said just start booking our
businesses. booked the bar service and
booked the the the kitchen rentals and
one of the top caterers in town who is
my number one client from year one until
year 12 right now they're still my
number one client. They started booking
us and it just kind of bailed me out and

[03:01]
us and it just kind of bailed me out and
essentially because they bailed me out I
did anything and everything they wanted
and we have a very very good symbiotic
relationship. Wow. Okay. So that was the
big turnaround. The the bar burnt down
and people felt bad for you. Well, I
guess you could say that. I don't say
that to be critical. That what an
amazing story if so. Oh, I mean I I owe
this business to to a guy named Chad
Rhodess at Crew Catering because he he
reached his hand out and said, "I'll
give you everything I got that I don't
already have booked up." And it's pretty
incredible when somebody is willing to
do that and take a chance on you because
I was essentially I didn't have a
reputation in the event world. Yeah. So
many lessons coming to mind already.
Number one is I love that your story is
you struggled at first because a lot of
times I talk to people and they're like,
"Wow, we just found product market fit,
right place, right time, and we just
crushed it." But that's not
representative of how business normally
goes. So you're telling me you spent 10
grand upfront, which is a lot of money
for most people. And it just didn't go
well until the worst thing ever

[04:02]
well until the worst thing ever
happened. You thought you were sunk,
your bar burns down, and that ended up
being like you you accidentally burnt
the boats. You had no plan B at that
point. It had to work, but it did work
because of the fact that your bar burned
down and people felt bad. So, they
started giving you jobs and then you
lived up to the faith that people were
putting in you and then you started
getting jobs just because you were good
and you knew what you were doing and you
had more of a footprint, right? Sure.
100%. I mean, I I guess when the
opportunity arose, I took advantage of
it and just executed properly. The guy
who was my competitor in town, I mean,
he had a stronghold. He was a retail
shop that sold commercial kitchen
equipment and then he also started a
rental side. And I mean, he dominated
the market. And I guess the second kind
of pivotal thing for this business was
they stopped that business cold turkey.
They were a very good retail shop and an
okay rental shop, but they did really
well because there was nobody else in
town competing with them. They are a

[05:00]
town competing with them. They are a
nine-to-five Monday through Friday
business. And our event world runs on
the weekends. So, he was having to pay
all these guys double time and overtime
to get them to go pick up equipment,
drop equipment, call do maintenance
calls. And when they it was I just got a
phone call like the first week of
January, maybe six years ago, and
somebody said, "I need an oven like
tonight." And I'm like, "What's going
on?" They said, "Well, for you know, the
other company's not doing rentals
anymore." I'm like, "What do you mean?"
He's like, "They just called me and
said, "We're not you ever got Oh, it was
100%. I actually doubled my inventory
overnight. I was like, it's about to
hit." And it did. I mean, I actually had
to call them a couple months later and
and just tell them like, "I went and
bought equipment, but I can't fulfill
all these orders that you guys just are
not going to do. like I'm picking up a
lot of them, but you guys are going to
have to like step up to the plate for
one or two of these weddings because you
can't not do it like Yeah. And they did
rightfully so. They they kind of came
back into the game for a weekend or two,
but when I couldn't cover their stuff
and then then they just bowed out, he

[06:00]
and then then they just bowed out, he
actually just sold that business and
sold the real estate and did all right.
So, he's he's okay. He's doing fine. So,
let's talk timeline. So, they they went
out of business, so to speak. They went
out of that line of business six years
ago. How long ago did you start? Like
how long were you competing with them
before they shut down? We're in year 12.
So it was about halfway through. So
about six years in and I got to be
honest with you, like I did not give
this business the attention that it
probably deserved in the beginning. You
know, I was bartending with my brother.
That was majority of my income. I was
kind of doing this with one oven and a
couple fryers on the weekends. And I
just kind of slow rolled it. You know, I
didn't really take on any debt in the
beginning. I just kind of bought
everything with cash and just just kind
of cycled everything back in. And I just
kind of kept feeding the machine and
then all of a sudden the machine just
like really started feeding me, you
know, it just turned a corner where I
didn't really take too much in the
beginning and now like I guess I'm
picking the fruits of that that labor.
Yeah, cuz you were patient. Yeah. Some
may say a little too patient, but you
know, I guess everybody's got their own
path. Are you familiar with the Lindy

[07:01]
path. Are you familiar with the Lindy
effect? I'm not sure. It basically says
as long as a business has been around is
the likelihood that it will be around in
the future. So, if you buy a 50-y old
plumbing business, statistically
speaking, it will be around for at least
another 50 years. Okay? If you're a
three if you're a three-month old
startup, statistically speaking, you've
got three months of runway. And so,
every month that you make it, you've got
another month to make it, right? This
isn't the same principle, but one thing
that I've noticed that businesses that
grow super fast, maybe they just dial in
their Facebook ads. They have an
e-commerce store. They're able to
acquire all the products they need from
China without any, you know, issues.
They dial in their Facebook ads and they
are able to just double every month.
Double, double, double, double. There's
a direct correlation between that
business, how fast it goes up and how
fast it can come down. Maybe Facebook
changes their algorithm. Like, doesn't
always happen. Like Uber grew super
fast, Facebook grew super fast, and
they're doing great and they're still
around, right? So, there are exceptions,
but I think most of the time the faster
you grow, the the higher the likelihood

[08:01]
you grow, the the higher the likelihood
you have of going out of business really
fast. And I've experienced this
firsthand. So when I hear about
businesses that that do the harder way
that grow the slower way and they just
they're methodical and take their time
and maybe it wasn't even intentional,
right? I'm not even saying it was. Those
businesses end up being the strongest
and they have the longest lifespan as
well. I hope that's true. I mean, we're
12 almost 13 years in, so hopefully I
got 13 more to go. That that put me
right about
I mean, of the 10% of businesses that
actually make it, how many of them make
it to a decade? less than half. I would
I would guess. I guess so. You've beat
the odds. So, I'm curious about unit
economics. Let's What is your most
popular rental item? What does it cost?
How much do you charge for it? And how
long until you get paid back for that on
average? Okay. So, I kind of pulled some
data here for you. So, our our most uh
rented item is a convection oven. We did
about
$140,000 last year in that and that's

[09:01]
$140,000 last year in that and that's
about 41% of our sales. roughly about
450 total for per rental. So that
includes that also includes the
delivery. So it's like 375 plus delivery
or 425 plus delivery. Slightly different
pricing there because some caterers
bring their own propane and I account
for that in a slight discount. Delivery
and pickup. Correct. Correct. Yeah. So
we do $75 0 to 15 miles, 100 for 15 to
20 and 125 for 20 to 25. As I was
saying, 751 $125 for like the circle
away from our warehouse. If you're
further than that, we basically charge
$5 a mile. Okay. And then what does that
convection oven cost you? So, currently
retail those are going for about I don't
know five grand that you can buy those
off like a drop ship site. Again, these
are made in just outside Raleigh, North
Carolina. The ranges were probably like
28 or three grand right now, but I've
started to get a little bit more savvy
and follow like Facebook Marketplace and
some restaurant auctions and stuff like

[10:00]
some restaurant auctions and stuff like
that because you can snipe one for
pretty cheap. Like I bought one maybe
six months ago from a Chinese
restaurant. The guy bought it cuz he
wanted to do baked wings, but baked
wings take way longer than fried wings
and his his ticket times were going way
too long. So he's like, "I just don't
need the oven anymore." So, he sold a
$5,000 oven for a,000 bucks. And wow. I
mean, an hour's worth of cleaning and it
looks shiny and brand new and it takes
me two rentals to make my money back. I
mean, I can do that on a Friday night
and a Saturday night, right? One
weekend. Jeez. One weekend. And I could
leave it at the same venue. I could rent
it to caterer A at the museum and then
the next night caterer B uses it and
it's paid off. Oh, man. So, is it 5,000
new for the oven and the range or just
the oven? Just the oven. Just a like a
36 inch convection oven. Okay. So, on
average, call it 400 bucks to rent it
out. You pay these things off in 10 to
12 rentals, correct? Yeah. And that's

[11:00]
12 rentals, correct? Yeah. And that's
buying brand new retail. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. How long does it take to to rent
it out 10 to 12 times? I know it depends
on, you know, the maturity of your
business at any given time, but roughly
speaking. So, we kind of broke it down
into seasons, a spring season and a fall
season. And it would probably take two
seasons to get it paid off because if
you consider it the last oven that I
bought, like the 15th oven, right?
There's only like, you know, a couple
weekends each season where I'm
completely booked out. I don't ever
completely book myself out because I
always like to have one or two in my
pocket for for maintenance calls. I
mean, we test fire every single piece of
equipment on site when we drop it, but
you'd be surprised what happens between
10:00 a.m. and 3 p.m. by the time those
chefs come come up. We get phone calls
left and right, and we're like, "Well,
we know it works. Just be patient with
us and we'll walk you through it, you
know, or we'll just replace it." And
sometimes we just have to replace it.
So, so few months to get your money
back. Is that accurate? I'd say it's
that's accurate. Yep. Okay. Yeah. What a
good business. Like, that just seems

[12:01]
good business. Like, that just seems
like a really good business. I'm
comparing it to like a bounce house
rental business where your rental price
will be about the same. Your bounce
house is going to cost about half as
much, but you've got to clean that
thing. I'm sure you clean it. We'll talk
about that in a minute, but you have to
clean it every time. They're like, they
just don't fold well. They're not like
nice and square like yours are. You've
got to set it up. Sometimes you have to
pay someone to babysit it. You got to
deflate it. You got to like to me this
seems a lot more binary. You know, you
you you put the thing on the truck, you
drop it off, you pick it up. Am I
oversimplifying it? You're not at all. I
I almost consider myself in like the
moving business. I just move ovens from
location to location and, you know,
clean them in between so that, you know,
cater A has a clean oven as so does
cater B the next day. And I talked about
leaving it overnight at the at a museum.
We we actually our services we will show
back up the morning of to make sure that
it's clean for the next cater because I
I believe that caterer B should have the
same experience as cater A. I shouldn't

[13:00]
same experience as cater A. I shouldn't
just be trying to get by with hoping
they they're okay with it. No, like they
deserve the top service that the first
guy got, too. Yeah. So, you might save
75 bucks, but you kind of make up for
that by needing to clean it in between.
Yeah. Uses, maybe. How often do you have
to clean them on average? Unless
something goes crazy.
I mean, so I carry I keep like glass
cleaner on the on the truck because
stainless steel will wipe up pretty
good. I mean, the only times that we
really have to do deep cleans on these
ovens are, let's say we drop one off at
like a music festival and it's there for
like 12 days and they're cooking for uh,
you know, 200 staff on the back end and
they'll have like, you know, pork butt
firing off in there for 12 days straight
and you'll just see the grease running
down the legs of these frames and you're
like, "All right, we got to kind of open
this thing up and degrease it and clean
it out." Uh, some stuff you just can't
get to from the way that the machines
are built. But I would say the ovens are
probably the the easiest to keep clean.
The inside still get a little sticky,
you know, just like your oven at home

[14:00]
you know, just like your oven at home
does. You just clean it up. The outside
are it's just a solid stainless steel
box. I mean, it's it's nothing fancy in
a glass door. So, you those are easy to
clean off. I'd say the ranges and the
fryers are much much more difficult.
They're just open, you know, like you're
cooking on top or you're cooking in the
fryer. And those fryers, man, they just
I can tell by the smell of a 5-day old
fryer what was cooked in it. It is It's
powerful. How How much would you charge
for like a 12-day rental to a festival,
for example? So, I I realize that I
can't hit you nightly for that because
you could just buy a brand new oven for
that price. So, we usually kind of do
like a two and a halfx our nightly fee.
You know, 12 days may be on the way
longer side. Honestly, I just try to
make it fair and not ping them for
there's no way they could they would
book us if they had to do that, you
know. And I realize that some people
say, "Well, why don't they just buy
their own stuff?" Well, they do have
their own stuff, you know. We're
supplementing maybe the other half of
the kitchen that they need. They may be

[15:00]
the kitchen that they need. They may be
bringing actually the the the festival
that I'm talking about like where
they're cooking Boston butts and stuff,
they have two food trucks that they
bring already. and we're bringing four
more ovens, four more fryers, and four
more hot boxes to
supplement just the firepower that they
need and they use it the whole time. I
guess that is kind of a different
dynamic if they're they already are
buying this stuff. They're much more
price sensitive. Whereas you could say
like they're not in that business like
they don't have a place to put them,
they don't have a place to store them,
but most of your customers do. They just
need to supplement for a bigger event.
Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, our number one
cater that crew that I was telling you
about, I call their order like the crew
trio. They'll do an a an oven, range,
and a fryer almost every event. I mean,
that's a that's a that's a full
commercial kitchen. Some restaurants
don't even have that, you know, and
they're building it out in a parking lot
every night. And they will have in the
busy season. I mean, this weekend kind
of with the seaweed festival starts our
busy season and they'll have some
weekends with four or five events. And
that's just booking equipment through
me. That doesn't include the multiple

[16:01]
me. That doesn't include the multiple
box trucks that they have going
elsewhere. Like they just can't sustain
it. They would need a fleet of trucks to
support that. So video is cool, but you
know what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter.
Tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. Do the other items have
better or worse unit economics than the
convection oven? And what's next
popular? So, is it the frier, the range?
It's the friars. The friars were doing
about just under 40 grand. And then the
ranges were doing about 27 grand. Those
numbers are probably higher for the
friars cuz I'm seeing a bunch of like
eight fryer orders and they're just kind
of quantified differently on my
inventory list, but they're a good
return. What's great about this
equipment that's that I bought through
South Bin is I still have the original
ranges I bought year one and they look
like brand new because we just take care
of them. I would say those f I mean
friars you can buy a good one for 900

[17:00]
friars you can buy a good one for 900
bucks. Oh wow. I mean we charge
three
3075 for delivery. So 375. So in three
rentals it's p it's it's it's paid off.
I don't buy used friers. I would I
wouldn't touch a used fryer. Yeah. It's
gross. It's disgusting. I've bought one
used range and I was okay with it. But
I'm pretty picky about I mean but I can
tell just from looking at photos whether
or not you know how much use it's
gotten. But ovens, I mean, you can buy
good used ones for sure. Are you only
serving Charleston or have you started
branching out more? We have worked in
North Carolina before. We've worked in
Georgia a lot. Actually, I'm going to
Georgia next weekend for an event in
Savannah area. Savannah's about two
hours away from us. We have maybe some
orders, a potential order down near
Jacksonville, but it's in Georgia as
well. I I'll go where it makes sense. I
mean, I kind of have a I kind of have a
dollar per hour that
I kind of look at and if your event out
of town doesn't really hit that dollar
per hour, I don't really want to do it.
I'd much rather stay here in town. And

[18:01]
I'd much rather stay here in town. And
you know, like this weekend with the
seaweed festival, we have a bunch of
events, but they're all downtown on the
peninsula of Charleston. So, my driving
distance is very low. I can be dropping
off and picking up three or four events
in like an hour and a half, you know,
whereas Sea Island, Georgia is four
hours one way and it's like that's a
10-hour day round trip and then we got
to go back 3 days later to pick it up.
Like if you're going to take 20 hours of
my time, I'm going to need to get, you
know, compensated for it and hope they
understand it. You know, it's like, are
you doing any like deliberate marketing
or is it mostly inbound organic stuff?
referrals. 100% inbound organic from day
one. Wow. You've never done any like
paid ads or anything? I got some
sweatshirts that we wear around town.
Never done a paid ad. I don't say that
in a braggadocious attitude. I say it
more so maybe in an ignorant attitude
where like I just have never I guess
never really thought about it that way.
I mean, I've just kind of let my
customers kind of speak to me, if you

[19:01]
customers kind of speak to me, if you
will. And it's mainly and I kind of
pulled the customer sales summary as
well. It's like, you know, the top eight
customers that I use are all high-end
catering companies here in town. It's
like, so I just and honestly, I've kind
of got them all. So it's I mean, like
the next round of people's maybe some
restaurants, but you know, man, that's
probably one one area that I've ignored
and I don't want to say failed at, but
I've just kind of taken the business as
it's come. And the few times that I've
done some cold calling, I've kind of had
the door shut in my face and it's not
that I stopped. I reached back out
multiple times and eventually someday
they come around. They're like, "Oh,
were you that guy that called a couple
times?" I'm like, "Yeah." They're like,
"We need something this afternoon. Can
you help us out?" And and you know, as
soon as I say yes, I can be there in an
hour. You're a customer for life. And
that's that's kind of how I've always
run it. I mean, sometimes I've just
again been patient with it and I don't
know, I kind of I kind of own the
market. So, you're mostly selling to
caterers and event companies or

[20:00]
caterers and event companies or
primarily just caterers? Mainly catering
companies, not so much individual, you
know, just like you calling and being
like, "Hey, we need a fryer at the
house." Like, that doesn't really
happen. And if it does, I'm usually by
the time they hear the pricing, they're
like, "We're good." Man, restaurants
will use this if they get like the one
we dropped off today. The fryer was
actually a restaurant group who's just
participating in the festival out at the
park. But I mean, I'm just looking at
most of these names right quick. And you
know, yeah, there's a few event planners
that'll call me, but even then, like the
the event planner is not the one using
the equipment, so they don't necessarily
know exactly what the chef needs. So,
it's just a lot easier for the for the
catering company just to ping me. And
what happens at this point the way how
our business where we are now in the
business is so this weekend starts the
spring season for the last six weeks
caterers have been emailing me their
spring season list and it'll just be an
Excel spreadsheet of a date a location
and the equipment they need and then I
just start filling all my calendar full
until I start h you know until my

[21:00]
until I start h you know until my
inventory starts to get a little peaked
up you know to maxing out and then I
just start sending off emails like hey
this date's filling up let me know what
you need and like usually those slots
just get filled. Okay. If if someone put
a gun to your head and said you had to
double your business this year, you had
to like you you've got a good budget to
do so, but how would you do that? Or do
you think you've kind of like capped out
your local market unless you add
different products or services? I don't
know that the market's capped out. I'm I
I am really curious like where the rest
of it is because like I said, I've kind
of got I'm the guy in town. There's a
few other ovens that that I know around
town, but nobody's doing the volume that
we're doing. I think if somebody was
like, "You need to double your business
by the end of the year." What I haven't
told you about is the maintenance side
of our business. So, over the last 12
years, and I it's not a really a
maintenance side to our business because
I'm not making any money from it, but
I've trained myself over the last 12
years, and I actually went to school
last year for a week up in Rock Hill,
South Carolina, company called Sephessa,
CFA.

[22:00]
CFA.
They they teach you how to work on
commercial kitchen equipment. And what
I've been doing is like my top six or
seven clients here, sometimes they'll
call me and be like, "Hey, we need a
fryer at the shop. Something's not right
with ours." And I'll just go over there
with a fryer to rent to them, but I'll
say like, "Let me take a look at your
fryer." And I'll look at it and in 30
minutes I've got their fryer working and
I'll just I won't, you know, I'm not
charging them for that. I mean, they're
spending a ton of money with us in
rentals, but now they don't have to
spend the money to rent that fryer from
me and I know they're going to call me
every single time going forward. But I
say that as I say, I think I could I
think I'm well verssed enough to go into
the maintenance game that I could start
building business pretty quickly and
then probably build, you know, if I
wanted to bring in people underneath.
But I don't know, man. When our season
kits kicked up, it is a kicker, man. You
know, we used to have two offseasons,
winter and summer. Well, this winter it
was only 11 days. We've done an event
every two days since January 11th when
it used to be we didn't get phone calls
in January. We're starting to pick up
enough where it's nearly an event a day
and it just So if you wanted to, you

[23:01]
and it just So if you wanted to, you
could get into the maintenance business,
but you just don't want to, right?
You're busy enough, right? Yeah. I
almost feel bad saying it because it
makes me sound like I'm being lazy, but
it's it's not. I mean, no, you're
focused like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just
interesting. I I always love asking
people what tangential ideas they see in
their industry. And maybe that's my next
question is outside of maintenance, what
are you seeing just being in the space
where like, oh, someone needs to start
this. Like, I don't want to do it. I'm
too focused on this, but it this idea
could really work here. Maybe local,
maybe an internet or app idea or
whatever. I think for like a small side
hustle, what you know, in warm weather
climates, frozen drink machines. Now, I
get so many phone calls about margarita
machines during the summer.
But, you know, I look at my truck as
real estate and I just don't know that
I'd be able to make enough money. I
don't know if I'd make enough money
putting that machine on my truck because
my other equipment is just so much more
expensive. But I think you could own a
couple of them, you know, and drop them

[24:00]
couple of them, you know, and drop them
off to the pool parties, you know, that
are happening. Just do a weekend rental,
let them have a day so it'll freeze and
the next day is when they use it and you
pick it up the third day. I have a
friend here in town. I she she's like,
"What what should I do in the business?"
She works in the in the event world. She
works for a caterer. I'm like, "You need
to start renting these drink machines."
And every time I get a a text message, I
just forward it to her. I'm like every
this is a sale you're missing every
time. There was a guy that had a company
called the Margarita Man and he would
basically rent those machines out and I
think CO just kind of squashed his
business and I get a ton of phone calls
for it. What would the unit economics
look like for that? What could you
charge and what do they cost? I mean I
wouldn't move for less than like 350
bucks. I don't know. I mean some of
those machines are a thousand. Some of
them can be, you know, five grand
depending on what I think you would need
something like insulated especially
because I mean Charleston in the
summertime like it would have to be
inside if you were going to do it in the
summertime, you know, in the fall or
spring. You could probably have it
outdoors, but I don't know. I I wouldn't
want it being in the direct sun in

[25:01]
want it being in the direct sun in
August. Like that's not that wouldn't be
great. You just have soup coming out of
there. So here's another hypothetical.
If you were to be forced to move to
another market, different state
entirely, but you had to start this
business up again, two-part question. A,
how would you validate that that
business is even viable before you even
bought an oven? B, how would you launch
it? Like, how would what would you do
differently knowing everything you know
today? I think I would find out one who
the top caterers are in that town. And I
guess by top cers I mean like who's the
high-end folks because high-end usually
they're going to do a lot more cooking
on site. Now that person can't be too
hard to find. I'd also look to see in
your area like what kind of food
festivals happen like most most towns
have like a Greek festival or like a
Latin festival and you know reach out to
those guys like so who are your vendor
list and find it that way. But I use
Blackstone griddles too and those are
used on the festival market. Those are
450 bucks at Lowe's and I think we
charge 2.75 plus delivery. I mean,
that's like a one and a halfx return.

[26:01]
that's like a one and a halfx return.
They can be not fun to clean up
afterwards, you know, after a festival
use. I would contact those caterers.
Also, contact the festivals, but ask the
caterers, who's supplying your stuff,
and would you be up for using a
different person? And just trying to
pick up crumbs that way. I think my
other like thought, because I'm not in
different markets, Charleston's a unique
market when it comes to the wedding
industry. We we we serve a like do a ton
of uh marriage licenses here and and
weddings. It's a huge destination spot.
A lot of these weddings are happening at
historic venues and a lot of them don't
have kitchens or don't want to install
them because you know they don't want
the liability of burning these places
down. So they kitchens have to be
brought in. Like I don't know about you
know what Utah's like. I mean they their
venues may have kitchens built in like
at a you know like a church venue may
have a kitchen built into it or a
specifically wedding venue space may
have one built in. Sometimes they only

[27:00]
have one built in. Sometimes they only
have prep kitchens where they don't have
uh hood vents, right? So then they would
still call us. But I used to live in in
Boulder, Colorado, and I'm just kind of
thinking when I lived out there, would I
even have known there was a market for
it? And I I don't I don't even know,
man. Like I kind of we I think we fell
into this because it most of our stuff
most of Charleston's weddings are
outdoors. It's just part of the package
really. I noticed in where I work along
the coast too down towards Savannah,
it's a lot of historic places. I don't
work at like the hotel stuff. That's
just not our market. There's always a
supply and demand. Like you might go to
Utah and people get married in churches
and the churches have kitchens and on
the surface it's like ah there's just
not an opportunity here because the
culture is different. But then it's
like, well, you know, according to the
population, if this were Charleston, it
could support three competitors of mine,
but there's only one guy here. So even
if it's half as much of an opportunity,
there's 75% less competition. So there's
still space for one or two more guys.
Even though it's not as much of a
culture needing kitchen rental stuff,
you just never know until you start like
picking up the phone, right? Yeah. Is

[28:00]
picking up the phone, right? Yeah. Is
this a business that you would suggest
others start or is it, you know, because
a lot of times when you're in the
industry, you're jaded. You see it too
closely. You're not ignorant to the
industry anymore or would you suggest
someone try something different? Well,
this is hard work. I mean, and I don't
mean it's hard work from like everybody
works hard. This is just you're moving
600 lb ovens and by the end of a busy
season, you're worn out physically. I
mean, and I try to stay in shape so that
I can keep, you know, physically fit
enough to do this stuff. I do have a guy
who works with me part-time on the
weekends when we do all of our moving
and he also helps me on Mondays with
cleaning. I would recommend getting a
second person because it is nice to have
a second set of hands. Uh because like I
said, it's just so grueling on the on
the on the back. But I'll say this
though, like finding a business in a
niche, no matter how hard it is, can be
very rewarding if if you're just patient
and put the time in. And do I love event
kitchens? Absolutely not. I mean, this
is not a dream job. Going elbow deep in
a fryer Monday morning is not my type of

[29:02]
a fryer Monday morning is not my type of
fund, but it's created a great salary
for me, which is in turn helps me fill
up some retirement accounts, and at the
end of the year, it spits out some
really nice bonuses. And I'll fight for
that all day long. You know, could it be
bigger? Sure. You know, could we have
scaled faster? Maybe. I don't know. You
know, I'm 45 and I'm and at this moment
in my life, I think I've just continued
to grow step over step over step and the
business has too. And and hopefully
we're at that place where you kind of
crest the hill with all the work and it
starts to like really pay off cuz yeah,
can kind of feel like I'm riding the top
of that wave right now and I'm like
really excited about it and like Yeah.
Yeah. Just just being on this podcast is
really cool too, man. It's cool to have
people that care about what you do, you
know? I appreciate you doing this. This
is awesome. All right. What you think?
Please share it with a friend and we'll
see you next time on the Kerner