[00:00]
The United States government is
subsidizing one of the biggest marketing
channels in the world that I think a lot
of people forget about. The harder way
is usually the better way, which is the
whole thesis of stop cold emailing
because it's easier, therefore it's not
as good. We love the model with the
middleman. You don't ever hold any
inventory. You're not ever actually
doing the service. You're just
connecting the buyers and sellers
essentially. We want to combine two
title lists. Take two mega trends and
put them together. That would be a
perfect piggyback, dude. We need a Doge
for the government's profit center, not
just for their cost center. That's what
you're saying, right? Yes. Yes, we need
a Doge for revenue. Dude,
anytime I have a business idea, I try to
save it for this for us because it's
fresh and the energy is there and you
can feel it and the listener can feel it
and it's just very authentic. And
sometimes sometimes I get an idea and
I'm like, I legitimately want to do
this. Therefore, I don't want to talk
about this. Someone's going to do this.
Okay, but hey, law of abundance. That's
why we're here, right? Here's my
framework Friday for us today. We talk
about trends. We talk about title waves.

[01:01]
about trends. We talk about title waves.
You want to ride a title wave. Make it
easier on yourself. Here's a framework
Friday for you. We want to combine two
title waves. Okay. So, take two mega
trends and put them together and you're
probably likely to get something even
more legitimate. Yeah. A mega mega
trend. Absolutely. Can I tell you what I
have in mind today? Yes. Come on. These
two things are trending right now.
Sourdough. Everyone's baking sourdough.
microplastics, right? Same page. Okay,
quick aside. This would be a great
segment for us to continue to do where
we just find two random trending things
and figure out a way to bring them
together. That's that's pretty good.
It's pretty good. Muhammad, remind us of
that, Muhammad. I I'm not your
assistant. That's not my role.
Muhammad's like, I don't even speak
English. I don't know what you say.
All right. So, sourdough and
microplastics. So sometimes if I'm short
on ideas, which I'm never short on
ideas, I like to log into my namecheep
account and look at all my domain names
and just think, "All right, Chris, what
were you thinking when you bought
bucktracks anonymous.com or whatever it

[02:00]
bucktracks anonymous.com or whatever it
is, right?" What were you thinking,
Chris? Anonymous. I just made that up. I
don't actually own that domain. Okay.
They're a recovery group. They're
addicted to cracks. I don't know what
you want me to say. There are dozens of
us. A few years ago, I bought a bunch of
domain names about plastics and
microplastics. One of them is never
touched
plastic.com. Like to buy things that
have never touched plastic, like water,
bottled water that at any point in the
supply chain, it has never been in
contact with plastic. So, okay. I don't
plan on doing anything with that anytime
soon. But then I started making
sourdough this week. Okay. I'm going to
assume, Nick, that you don't know
anything about sourdough. I do. I know
nothing about sourdough. Okay. Sourdough
bread is made of three ingredients:
flour, water, salt. Okay. There's no
yeast because the sourdough is a natural
yeast. You combine one part flour, one
part water, mix it every day. You dump
out half of it and you replace it with
one part flour, one part water every day
for a week or two. Then you got
sourdough cuz the bacteria basically you

[03:01]
sourdough cuz the bacteria basically you
can make sourdough from scratch. I
thought you needed a starter for
sourdough. I'm talking about making
starter, which you use to make sourdough
bread. Yeah, it's just bread and water
or flour and water. Okay. Anyway, so
I've been making some starter and I it's
done and it's awesome and it smells
amazing and I today I made my first loaf
of sourdough with my own starter and
it's cool. All right, it's fun. You
know, I put my starter in a glass jar
because if I, you know, it gets warm in
there and plastic breaks down and I
don't want microplastics in my starter.
So, I started talking to our friend Chad
GPT and I said, "Hey, tell me about
microplastics in sourdough starter."
Theoretically, if I have microplastics
in my sourdough starter, will I have
microplastics in all of my loaves of
sourdough bread for the next century?
It's like, yeah, theoretically, you
know, they'll be less and less and less,
but but you will, right? I'm like, huh,
that's that's fearful. Fear cells. How
can I sell that? Okay. And so, I've been
very cautious to not put any plastic in

[04:02]
very cautious to not put any plastic in
contact with my sourdough starter. And
then I thought, okay, starter is a com
is a commodity. You can buy it for $5 on
Amazon, Facebook Marketplace, anywhere.
There needs to be an ultra premium
sourdough starter that has never touched
plastic that is made with the finest of
water, handmilled flour, whatever it is.
It doesn't matter how premium the
ingredients because the cost will be
very, very low regardless because in
order to start starter, you just need a
little bit. So basically, you make
sourdough starter and then you dry it
out. You remove all the the water and
then you can sell it on the internet as
just a powder and then they can mix it
in with flour and water and create their
own starter from your starter. Hm. So
that's idea number one is like an ultra
premium sourdough starter that has never
touched plastic. Okay. So this is
already a thing like never touch plastic
is a thing. No, it's my domain name.
It's my website. Oh, okay. Okay. So you
you have a never touched plastic domain
site and there's different niches within
that that you like sourdough could be

[05:01]
that that you like sourdough could be
one of them. Hey, this is never touched
plastic and you could have a whole host
of other things of quote unquote never
touch plastic. Yeah. And I love the idea
because of the angle behind the idea
which is like a Tik Tok video that's
like why are you putting microplastics
in your sourdough starter? Your
grandkids will be eating your
microplastics that's still in your
sourdough starter. Right? It's like it's
fear cells. It's fear. So that's like
idea number one is just to sell a
sourdough starter that's literally never
touched plastic. Okay. Okay. Love it.
Idea Idea number two is like a
marketplace. It's like the Etsy for
things that have never touched plastic
like sourdough starter where anyone can
can build, buy, and sell on the
marketplace to each other. People that
are most concerned about microplastics.
Paradoxically, I like the idea of the
marketplace better than just the niche
idea. I like the idea of you turning
Never Touch Plastic just into a
marketplace like Etsy. It's a bigger
idea. It is a bigger idea, but I also
think it could be Reddit like like it

[06:00]
think it could be Reddit like like it
doesn't need to have a slick user
interface to get it launched. Well,
there are companies like Share Tribe
that will allow you to launch your own
marketplace without any coding
experience. Super easy. Like your own
eBay basically. Yeah. 100 bucks a month.
You're a part of a lot of Reddit groups,
Facebook groups. I think you could
pretty easily get people going to that
website and exchanging ideas even if it
was just started as hey my sourdough
idea and then all of a sudden it's a
Reddit for never touch plastic and then
people are starting different subreddits
quote unquote or whatever that are
talking about specific niche ideas. I
don't know like food would be one of
them or is there anything would close
like there's got to be like never touch
plastic for clothes, right? That's got
to be a big one. Yeah. And what you can
do on this site is you can have like a
certification program where they can pay
me or the site owner to send in their
product to third party labs that tests
for microplastics because there is like
a measurable number attached to
microplastics. Okay, dude. I just
thought of this. What if instead yes
it's a marketplace but you just went and

[07:02]
it's a marketplace but you just went and
like
aggregated all of the never touch
plastic things. So, you went to Berki,
you went to whoever is doing this, Brian
Johnson's company, because there's
probably no consolidated place where
people can actually go and find the
these things, right? Affiliate links.
It's literally just a landing page that
directs people to these different
websites that offer at a certain
threshold of whatever parts per million
of plastic companies that are certified
to sell on the website. Then you don't
even need to worry about the community
thing. Yeah. I mean, it could be I mean,
I was never really thinking a community.
I'm thinking like a marketplace.
Marketplace. Sorry. Sorry, I meant
marketplace. Yeah. Yeah. But it could
literally just be a Shopify store where
you list a Berky for sale and it's just
drop shipped. And I don't say drop ship
in the spammy like no the spammy way. I
mean in the literal way where you sell a
Berky at X price when it sells Berky
gets a notification and they ship it to
the end customer and you take a margin
there. Right? So you're not fulfilling

[08:00]
there. Right? So you're not fulfilling
any products. You remember how early on
we decided you can't bring up an idea
unless you have distribution?
I think I have a new thing we need to
add. You can't bring up an idea unless
you talk about how you would use chatbt
or AI
in particular. It's like this is I would
use deep research to be like okay find
me all the premium products that market
themselves as plastic free and I would
just start getting a list and you know
we know about affiliate marketing. I
then would start reaching out to those
people. You could do it through
operator, but operator is just not there
yet. But now you have the list. You
could automate it. You start reaching
out to them and say, "Hey, can I have an
affiliate link and you just start
building out this website and then
everything that we've talked about with
programmatic SEO, you start building out
a programmatic SEO that's all pointing
to never touch plastic." And then you
have the affiliate links that then when
people come there, they're then clicking
out. like Mhm. it would probably take 6
months to a year, but I I would think
then you just have this passive
literally passive income based on a
website that you built using deep

[09:00]
website that you built using deep
research to identify the products that
you want to have on the website and then
automating the outreach so you can get
the affiliate links. I think that's a
really that's a really cool idea. We
just talked about passive income and
drop shipping in the same conversation.
Like ironic all the legitimate listener
listen listeners have already turned us
off. Retention just fell off a cliff.
And then you can sell a course on how to
do it. Uhhuh. Yeah. I like that idea.
Let's go on. Okay. You ready? Yeah.
Let's do it. So, I'm not going to get
political on here, but I am going to
bring up something that has politics
involved. Doge. You're familiar with go
what's going on with Doge, right? Yep.
Department of Government Efficiency.
There we go. It's actually really funny.
Did you know that Doge is not a new
government entity? like he they couldn't
create a new government organization.
They just rebranded an existing
government organization as Doge. It was
like the I can't remember what it was.
It's like it informatics. Mhm. Some
department, whatever. Anyway, something

[10:01]
department, whatever. Anyway, something
something that needed rebranding.
Something that needed rebranding. So,
you got Doge coming in and I heard a
couple really cool ideas this week. One
of them just automatically sent a light
bulb in my mind because we you and I
talk a lot about piggybacking. I love
piggybacking. So, I'm gonna ask you this
question. Are you about to bring up a
piggybacking idea? Because I'm gonna
follow you. I'm about I'm about to bring
it up, bro. Okay. I want I want you to
guess which government program
subsidizes entrepreneurs the most, more
than any other program, more than the
SBA, more than probably even tax
credits. You ready for this? We're going
to go through an example. The United
States Postal Service. I don't think
people think about this a lot. I was not
about to guess that, but that's a good
point. The United States Postal Service
is subsidized by the government. It is
not profitable. It has not been
profitable for a very long time. In
fact, just in the last few days, they
moved the the Postal Service under the
Department of Treasury so that it's now
being managed by the Treasury as opposed

[11:01]
being managed by the Treasury as opposed
to being a standalone agency. So, I did
some research. I used deep research for
this. And the stuff that I found
freaking blew my mind. If I were to send
10,000 postcards, just regular 4x6
postcards, 1 ounce, and I were to send
that through FedEx, give me a ballpark
per postcard, what it would cost me,
they don't really do that. It would be
multiple dollars per postcard. In in my
experience, in the realm of like a 125
per postcard. Now, granted, I could be
off with my research. That's what I'm
coming up with. The United States Postal
Service, how much does it cost to send
on a per postcard basis? 20 to 40 cents.
So, it costs right now between 33 and 36
cents per postcard. So, okay, right
there, let's just say a dollar and then
let's say
33. 67 difference. 67 cost savings by
going through the USPS versus FedEx. But

[12:00]
going through the USPS versus FedEx. But
wait, there's more. If you have bulk
rates, so you actually have a permit to
send bulk items through the USPS, that
rate actually will come down to anywhere
between 20 cents and 29 cents per post.
You're talking to the former owner of
chunky mailers. Now, I know I know
that's okay. So, tell us your idea with
chunky mailers. Chunky Mailers is built
on the thesis that people do not throw
away packages. They throw away postcards
and spam mail, but not a package with
something in it. So, Chunky Mailers is
an outsourced mailing service for small
into medium-sized businesses where, you
know, we would send out an
advertisement, a flyer inside of like a
padded envelope with some sort of an
item in there, maybe like a disposable
toothbrush or something just to get them
to open it and be more likely to read
the ad. Yeah. So, people aren't going to
throw it away. And it's a marketing
channel. So, that was the idea behind
Chunky Mailers. We worked with Christian
Ruff. Shout out to Christian for like a
hot minute. And it's called Jumbo Mail
Marketing Now, by the way. It's a It's

[13:00]
Marketing Now, by the way. It's a It's
still a thing. And physical mail, it has
very different rules and regulations as
opposed to email. You would know this
better than me. Like you can send
whatever the freak you want through the
mail, but there's lots of rules about
spamming emails. Crazy to me. It's
crazy, right? Like emails, hey, you got
to have a like opt out list and you
can't spam people and you'll get banned
from from Gmail if you're sending too
many spam emails. But the US Postal
Service can send whatever the freak you
want. My mailbox is literally 200 feet
from my front door. And you know how
many times I walk all the way out to the
mailbox huffing and puffing only to pull
out a bunch of junk mail? Like cuz
there's You're right. Like I can easily
delete an email or just set up a filter
to never even see those emails. But the
people who do that to me like could be
fined or worse. But anyone can mail
anything to anyone they want in the
mail. It's crazy. It's freaking crazy.
But I want to walk so I want to walk
through these numbers just to like Okay,
that sounds cool. Let's just say the
average cost savings
is.70 per postcard. Okay, what does that

[14:02]
is.70 per postcard. Okay, what does that
mean? It's a This is a marketing
channel. So video is cool, but you know
what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
tkopod.com. Let's say we have two
founders and they each send out 10,000
postcards to acquire a customer. For
founder number one, they do it through
the through FedEx. Founder number two
does it through the USPS. FedEx, they
just spent $10,000 to send out 10,000
postcards. Founder number two just spent
$300 to send out 10,000 postcards. And
let's say that their percentage of
conversion is the same. So of the
10,000, let's say that they convert, and
I'm just going to use like really easy
numbers because I'm painting a picture,
right? of the 10,000 they convert 1%. So
they convert 10 10 people and each of
those 10 people represents a lifetime
value of let's just call it $100. For

[15:02]
value of let's just call it $100. For
the first founder who spent
$10,000 and got 10 customers, what's the
customer acquisition cost? $1,000. Yep.
Yep. They spent $10,000, they got 10
customers, it was $1,000 per customer.
Customer acquisition cost was $1,000 per
customer, right? Founder number two
spent $300 and got 10 customers. Their
customer acquisition cost was $30. Mhm.
33x difference. Massive difference. 33x.
Then you go to the LTV and you say each
one of them, each customer has a $100
LTV. Lifetime value. Lifetime value. And
the way that people will look at these
equations, but ratios is like if your
lifetime value to customer acquisition
cost is three or higher, that's
fantastic. Like you're doing a really
good job. that that's the ballpark that
you want to be in, right? So, founder
number one has spent $1,000 to acquire
one customer whose LTV is 100. So,
they've got a literally a negative uh
ratio of LTV to CAC. Founder number two,

[16:00]
ratio of LTV to CAC. Founder number two,
it's not negative, but it's it's a
decimal as opposed to a whole number.
Founder number two spent, what did we
say?
$30 for a $100 LTV. So, he's got an LTV
of 3.33. So, he's in he's in the golden
range. Now they're selling the same
product, but if your customer
acquisition cost, excuse me, your LTV to
customer acquisition cost is three
versus
0.00001, which business model is viable,
the second founder, right? Because he
has distribution. So why did I just go
through all that stupid math? Hopefully
not a lot of people checked out. The
point of it is the the United States
government, at least for right now, is
subsidizing one of the biggest marketing
channels in the world that I think a lot
of people forget about, which is postal.
We think about email marketing. We think
about texts. We think about Facebook and
Google ads and all that other crap, but
we don't think a lot about postal. So, I
wanted to talk with my boy and think
about what are some cool business ideas
we could piggyback off of the postal

[17:02]
we could piggyback off of the postal
service. We already talked about jumble
mailers. That was rad. Here's one idea
to get us started. Do you remember your
idea about the Uber drivers like a
couple months ago that they would become
like marketers? They would work for you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Is there a
way we could do that with postal service
drivers? They have routes. Like is there
something we could do with postal
service drivers where we just have a
survey of postal service drivers? It's
like, hey, how many houses did you see
for sale? Or, you know, maybe it's
informatics that we're collecting from
them. Maybe it's sentiment we're
collecting from them. Maybe it's like,
"Hey, I want to know how many houses are
in foreclosure in this area or like
which area has unckempt yards or there's
got to be something that we could like
glean from these postal drivers. They
just know their routes exceptionally
well. So like could there be a way for
us idea? What do you want? Can I say it,
dude? So I I tweeted a while ago about
driving for dollars, right? The best way
to find good real estate deals. What do

[18:00]
to find good real estate deals. What do
we say on this podcast? The harder way
is usually the better way, which is the
whole thesis of stop cold emailing
because it's easier, therefore it's not
as good, right? There are exceptions,
sure, but direct mail is hard and it's a
lot more expensive than cold email, but
it's probably the better way, right?
Yeah. So, when you're looking for
offmarket real estate properties,
everyone wants to do the sexy thing.
They want to cold call, cold text, cold
email. Okay. But the best way, the most
efficient way, because efficiency and
effectiveness are always at odds with
each other, the most efficient way is
driving for dollars. Driving around.
Let's just talk about single family.
Driving our neighborhoods, finding the
ugly homes, going online, looking up the
tax records, getting someone on the
phone that has an ownership interest in
that home. Okay. So, I had a business
partner that used to find these ugly
homes by hiring people in all kinds of
markets across Texas and Oklahoma on
Craigslist to go around with flyers and,
you know, put a flyer on the door of a
house like this and then they just wait.
And after they put the flyer on the
door, they would take a picture of it,
write down the address, send it to my my

[19:01]
write down the address, send it to my my
business partner, and then he would get
to work at finding them. But he needed
physical people on the ground to drive
for dollars. And he would pay them per
door. So, why not just, and I've done
this, roll up to the post office in the
morning when they're all about to leave
for their routes at the same time,
because they do, and say, "Hey man,
first of all, there's apps that you can
download to your phone that are like it
will basically tie your phone's camera
to the address of the house using, you
know, just turning on your geolocation
services, right? Hey man, it's just an
app that takes pictures that will tie
the picture to the address of the
house." So, like you take a picture of a
house and then it will show over the
picture what the address is. Say, "Hey,
man." Yeah. Yep. Will you download this
app? Anytime you see a house that looks
like crap, take a picture of it. Text it
to me. This number right here. I'll send
you 10 bucks for everyone. This is what
I do. I buy houses like these. yada yada
yada. Boom. That's a really cool idea.
Here's my Here's my next question. Why
doesn't the government monetize this? I
know that. Gosh, I can't believe I even

[20:00]
know that. Gosh, I can't believe I even
said that. Oh my gosh, I hope I get
roasted for saying that. There it is. So
stupid. Muhammad, leave this in.
But in all seriousness, if I'm the
government, why would you not turn these
people who are they're already
delivering packages into another, I
guess, revenue channel? So, like for
example, how crappy are surveys? Have
you ever tried to get a survey, right?
Like of of a sample set of random people
who are willing to take a survey. Do you
know how the surveys work? By the way,
I'm gonna go like Sure. rabbit hole
right now. I have a friend who works he
works at Qualrix. Qualrix is like the
preeminent survey company, right? They
do surveys for corporations,
governments, who whoever else. And this
is the way that they currently do their
surveys. There are opt-in lists of
people who have said, "Yep, I'm willing
to do a survey." So, they contact those
people. And most of the time, there's
some like monetary incentive involved
with it. It's like, "Hey, we'll pay you
X because the corporation has said,
"Here's the budget for us to conduct the
survey." And so, people who have opted
into the survey are getting a little bit

[21:00]
into the survey are getting a little bit
of a financial incentive. There's two
problems with that. The first problem is
you have a biased sample set. So the
people who have opted into the survey,
it's not necessarily representative of
the whole population. The second the
second problem is they're opting into
the survey for financial reasons, right?
So you don't know whether or not the
information that they're giving you is
correct. They they could have just said
like they just wanted money and so
they're going to get an answer. But it's
the best that they have and so they do
their best based on these surveys to
extrapolate information and then make
decisions. Now, we saw what happened in
the 2016 election with a business idea
after this. Yes. Okay. Keep going. With
polling information where it's like,
"Oh, Donald Trump's going to lose.
Donald Trump's going to" and then he
freaking pulls it out. Right. So,
there's obviously big error rates
because of not only who is
participating, but how they choose to
answer the questions that they're
participating in. All right. So, that's
problem number one. Why wouldn't the
government like why wouldn't they let
Qualrix use their distribution channel
of of people who are delivering mail to
like conduct surveys? You know what I
mean? Charge qualics however much money.

[22:01]
mean? Charge qualics however much money.
I mean, the government could let any any
company use all of their many
distribution channels, the postal
service being one of hundreds or
thousands for any number of monetization
purposes, right? Like, amen. Cuz like do
well that's my point is like Doge is
just focused on cutting costs. And
that's important. Don't get me wrong.
What about increasing revenue? Not
increasing revenue through taxation, but
like increasing revenue through
generating re like literally generating
revenue. They have all these vacant
office buildings, sell the leases.
There's revenue there that they can We
need a Doge for the government's profit
center, not just for their cost center.
That's what you're saying, right? Yes.
We need a Doge for Dude, what? Oh my.
Did we just invent that, dude?
Did we just invent revenue? They're Doge
and this is Dogger, the Department of
Government Revenue.
Wow. I'm a dirty boy, my friend.
Who do we get on this? We getting Bezos
on this. What are we doing? He's
retired, right? You're the influencer

[23:00]
retired, right? You're the influencer
now between the two of us. Could you
like talk to Elon? I'll see what I can
do. Do you have any polls? Be honest. Do
you have any poll? I'll see what I can
do.
I'll see what I can do. Can I give you
my business idea that's built off of
what you just said? Yes. Okay. Surely
you saw that tweet of the the guy that
launched a business that can basically
predict if you're going to go viral on
Twitter before you ever tweet. Did you
see that? No. Yeah. It's like a thousand
bucks a year or something and you like
up it like it connects to the Twitter
API, you type in your tweet and it pulls
all the data points and it's like,
"Yeah, this isn't going to go viral or
this is going to go viral with 84%
certainty." No way. Yeah. Pretty cool.
Pretty cool. Does it work? I don't know.
Okay. Okay.
onboarding people right now. We'll
assume it works. Is this Alex Finn? No,
but he's copying that. Okay. He's
launching his own version of that
because that guy's tweet went viral and
he's getting a lot of crap for it, but
he's like, "Hey, don't hate the player."
Like, whatever. It's a good idea. Yeah.
Anyway, here's the idea. Qualric built

[24:00]
Anyway, here's the idea. Qualric built
on AI. What are we doing? You take a
company that has all this survey data.
It knows that a 36-y old in Omaha,
Nebraska that makes $74,000 a year, that
has three kids, that's Christian, that's
Republican, yada. It knows how they fill
out surveys, right? You upload all this
survey data into AI and you say, "All
right, give me the survey results for
all these questions based on this
demographic with an 80% reasonable
certainty." How much does Qualric
charge? A stupid amount. Like a stu It's
a multi-billion dollar company. You
could charge a fraction of what Qualrix
charges. It's the It's like what
Chimamas said about 8020, right? It's
like or it's like 90% of the features
for 90% less cost. So it's the AI
version of Qualrix for 90% less. So
you're saying like Qualrix has already
done all of these surveys and they're
just kind of repurposing the surveys in
your mind. Just like any any company
whether it's like a corporation that
sends out surveys or it could be Qualrix
that already has survey data or not or

[25:02]
that already has survey data or not or
or like one company aggregates all the
survey data they can uploads it to AI
and then a company's like all right I
want these 38 questions to be answered
based on this type of person in the
United States or in Malddova or wherever
brokits out the answers.
Okay, this isn't necessarily an idea for
specific business. Do you remember what
the like big problem was with social
media a few years ago when they're
making so much money and user data?
People are like, I'm the product. Why
are you making money off of me? This is
ridiculous. I think in the future, why
would you not be able to opt into these
surveys and say, "Hey, look, this is my
agent. They have access to all of my
information. They've seen my emails.
They've seen my texts. You know, maybe
they've got air.ai pendant. They know
everything about me. I don't have to
answer a stupid survey. My AI will know
the answer. They'll do it for me and I
can opt in and you can pay me and I It's
like revenue generating off of your
agent because they want to know that
information and they want it to be
accurate, right? Yeah. And you're like,

[26:01]
accurate, right? Yeah. And you're like,
"No skin off my back. I'll just use my
agent to answer the questions and I
generate a little bit of money." Why
would you not do that? Yeah. So, it's
basically the other side of that
marketplace you're saying. 100%. It's
solving the consumer side of it. So
instead of Qualrix giving a $10
Starbucks gift card to John, it's given
a $10 Starbucks gift card to John's
agent and John's chilling pass making
passive income. That's the second
passive income mention of the episode.
Dude, that is really going to be a pass.
Like 10 years from now, you're going to
people who are going to be like, "This
is passive, bro. All you have to do spin
up an agent, put your information on
there, you could be making 10 bucks a
day." And why not? Why wouldn't you do
that? And Qualrix is like, "Well, we
can't give you 10 bucks because it's an
agent. Okay, give me five bucks. I don't
care cuz it's going to take a thousand
of these a day. Whatever, dude. And how
much more money would people pay for
that survey data? I'm on YouTube. I put
videos on YouTube. I made a hundred
bucks on YouTube last month. You don't
need to worry about me. Okay. Okay. I'm
not worried about you now. I was.
And there are times where I'm trying to

[27:01]
And there are times where I'm trying to
watch a YouTube video and it's like to
have no ads in this video, fill out this
brief survey. It's like, which rental
car did you use in the last month? I
don't even read the questions. I just
pick one. I'm like, pick next. You know
what I mean? Rebel, dude. I am a rebel.
But like, do do you have a temple
recommend? Huh?
I can either confirm or deny, but that's
another question we need to talk about.
When are tempo recommends going to be
fully digitized? I'm tired of carrying
around my recommend every starting.
Anyways, what are we doing, guys? I'm
answering the stupid YouTube survey that
didn't give them any good information
because I didn't actually do those
things, but they're going to take it and
be like, "Oh, that's just good
information." So, why would I not use
AI, which actually knows those things
about me, which is like, "Hey, in the
last month, which of these rental car
companies did you use?" Oh, it's a good
question. Let me go look at Nick's
credit card information. Oh, you used
Enterprise and you used Avis. Oh,
interesting. Okay. Boop boop. And then
they have better information. I didn't
have to do it because I think people
just want to get through the survey as
quickly as possible and I can make money
off it. That would be amazing. Do you
think YouTube discounts your answer if

[28:00]
think YouTube discounts your answer if
you answer really quickly? They must,
right? They're so smart. They' be like,
"Oh, quick of an answer." Well, that was
Nick again. Nick, come on. Nick. Oh,
Nick, you can't Oh, Nick, you can't
answer that quick.
You're Ricky. Nikki.
Tim Roberts. Go back to your old stuff.
That's just a cash grab, Chris.
Sorry. That's a bunch of good ideas.
It's a bunch of good ideas. I'm really
interested to see when and if that
starts happening. That feels like a
no-brainer to me. Yeah. We don't need
people taking manual surveys any
anymore. Well, dude, and we we already
know that OpenAI is selling our
information to whoever the advertisers
are that want to know what we're
searching currently in chat GPT. So,
it's like it's going to happen. All
right. So, you had a piggyback idea. Can
I Can I give you mine? Yeah. All right.
Longevity blowing up, right, Brian
Jones? Longevity. It's blowing up. It's
not going anywhere. We're not going to
want to suddenly start living less.
Okay.

[29:00]
What's the creme de la creme of
longevity? I'll answer it for you.
Plasma transfusion. Okay. Okay. Did you
know that Brian Johnson swaps blood with
his like 18-year-old son? That's the
weirdest sentence I've ever I know. No,
I didn't. He doesn't swap blood. He
swaps plasma. Sure. The liquid part of
blood. Is plasma the liquid part of
blood? According to Chad GPT, I thought
they take blood and they put it in this
centrifuge and they spin it and so it
separates the plasma from Anyways,
whatever. Anyway, and it's like, you
know, it's kind of what Lance Armstrong
did. And some of the science says it
helps you live longer. Some of the
science is like, uh, not really. It
doesn't really work like that.
Nevertheless, we're not going to let
real science stop a good business idea,
right? Or else there'd be no skinare
companies. I'm sorry. Would Dr. Ozby be
in business if that happened? No.
So, are you ready for this? Mhm. Why
aren't any entrepreneurs out there
piggybacking on dialysis clinics to do

[30:02]
piggybacking on dialysis clinics to do
plasma transfusion for the wealthy? Wow.
All the equipment's right there. You
think dialysis clinics have no capacity?
You think they're just cranking out
patients 247? It does depend on the
diialysis clinic. I will say that
because I actually know the space a
little bit. But that's why I'm talking
to you about it. Yeah. Yeah. Increase
your operating hours. for people who
don't know dialysis. Dialysis is for
people who have kidney failure, kidney
disease. I'm not sure the exact
definition or word that I should use,
but the kidneys don't function properly
and so they have to go in frequently
depending on the severity of their
diagnosis to have dialysis. And what
diialysis is is essentially an
artificial function of their kidney.
Filters their blood. Yep. Which is what
your kidney does. Typically, diialysis
centers are very popular with elder the
elderly population. Like yes, there are
people who have this disease that are
younger, but typically it's as you age,
you're more likely your kidneys stop
functioning well. So they're dealing
with like Medicare, Medicaid, that type
of population. Recently, I've started
seeing mobile dialysis clinics, but what

[31:01]
seeing mobile dialysis clinics, but what
they're doing is they're going to
skilled nursing facilities and
piggybacking off of a skilled nursing
facility distribution. But this is not
that. This is premium, right? Like this
is this would be
high-end
dialysis that is offered to people. Why
would you Yeah. Why would you not do
that? You go to you go to a company that
already has the infrastructure. It's
legal and you it's legal perfectly legal
well and you say I just want to test
this. How would you test it? All right,
that that's my next question. All right,
I'm with you. Find someone. They have
the equipment. They have the expertise.
They have the clinical team. They could
go and actually provide dialysis to
somebody. How would you test demand for
this in your market? I think you would
need to generate some like organic PR
for it. And I think it's the type of
topic that that could be able to do that
fairly easily because it's it's
polarizing and controversial, dude.
Okay, I I know where I would go. I
talked I talked to a I won't say his
name, but he's a he's a pediatric
physician. His wife is a nurse
practitioner. He wants to open a med
spa. He's like, I want it to be a

[32:01]
spa. He's like, I want it to be a
high-end med spa, though. I don't want
to be just like doing Botox. We want to
be doing like Has anyone out there ever
said, "I want to open a low-end med
spa." I mean, come on.
Well, granted, this guy's making a
couple million dollars a year, so and
lives in Beverly Hills, so I'm sure it
will be a high-end med. That's where I
want to be. But Weezer reference. Sorry.
Sorry.
Give me, give me, give me, give me. I
think the piggyback would then be on the
med spas or like testosterone
replacement therapy. Lots of guys who
are on TRT, people doing other hormonal
therapy treatments, like just going to
them and be like, "Hey, what's your
population like?" Uh, I'm more concerned
about people who are paying cash and not
insurance because I think that they
would like this dialysis product and
then going through that. I think that
would probably be the best. Yeah. So,
let's say you own a med spa. You got a
thousand customers. You're going to take
the top 20% that just buy all the
things. They're there every month or
every two weeks. They're buying all the
things. Okay. Your high rollers. You're
going to next time they come in in

[33:00]
going to next time they come in in
person. Hopefully, you've trained your
person at the front desk. They're going
to say, "Hey, you know, next Tuesday
we're going to have a plasma transfusion
facility here, expert, professional, and
you could use one of the mobile dialysis
clinics to do this." And they could
literally just roll up from 1 to 6 and
you could just pre-ell it like, "Hey,
would you, you know, if you book it now,
you can get 30% off, dude." Okay,
educate them. Go ahead. We love the
model with the middleman. You don't ever
hold any inventory. You're not ever
actually doing the service. You're just
connecting, you know, the buyers. You're
like white labeling plasma transfusion,
dude. You just you you find a clinic, a
med spa, you find someone who does
diialysis, and you're just like, hey, I
want to try this idea. What do you guys
think? And you set it up, and then they
do all the fulfillment. Like, you're not
worried about, you don't have to go and
get lensure. It's like, okay, just pay
me an affiliate fee. Because if you
started then doing it at these med spas,
I'm just thinking logistically, it's
like, okay, it's healthcare. I have to

[34:00]
like, okay, it's healthcare. I have to
be licensed. I have to get the state uh
on board with it. I have to go through a
certification process. I've got to get
the insurance because it's healthcare
and so there's a lot more risk
associated with it. Then I got to manage
the employees. Like logistically it
would kind of be a nightmare. But you
don't have to do that. You could be a
middleman. You just go and hook up the
buyers and sellers. Oh hey dialysis
person come meet med spa person. Whoop
piggyback. That'd be a perfect piggyback
dude. You know who would be your other
market for this? Freaking cyclist Lance
Armstrong style. Because it's only
illegal if you're competing, right? But
most like Pance Armstrong. Pants
Armstrong. Pants. My alter ego. Dang it.
Dang it. Pants Armstrong. You know that
the top 1 to 3% of these guys would be
into it because they hear about Lance
Armstrong like what? He cheated blood
doping and it made him how much faster?
Oh, what a piece of crap. Like but like
how did he do it logistically speaking?
How how does one do that? What a piece
of crap. You know what would be another
interesting thing is if you could go to
sauna cold plunge distributors and just

[35:01]
sauna cold plunge distributors and just
ask like hey who's your customer list I
want to contact them because if
somebody's dropping 10 grand for a sauna
I don't know it's probably more than
that I don't know but if if you're
dropping 50 grand for a sauna you
probably also would be interested in
getting uh plate platelets or excuse me
plasma treatments. All right what' you
think? Please share it with a friend and
we'll see you next time on the Kerner