[00:00]
The United States is in Trump tariff
turmoil today. And there's more than
just alliteration in that sentence.
There's opportunity. I'm not qualified
nor interested on speaking about
macroeconomic events or politics or any
of that. It doesn't interest me at all.
But I am an expert in business ideas.
It's all I think about. It's all I talk
about. And with great turmoil comes
great opportunity. I'm going to talk
about what kinds of businesses you could
start and or how you might be able to
capitalize on this opportunity.
Okay, so as we know, April 2nd, 2025 is
now branded as Liberation Day, where
Trump announced sweeping new tariffs for
most US trade partners. And in doing so,
the US tariff rate jumped from 2.6% to
22%, which is the highest in over a
100red years. The S&P 500 lost over $5
trillion in value. Everyone's freaking
out. And JP Morgan says we have a 60%
chance of a US recession this year.
Also, by way of a quick side note,

[01:00]
Also, by way of a quick side note,
December 2023, everyone was convinced we
would have a recession in 2024. So, I
bought a paid account at newspapers.com
and I searched for the word recession in
newspapers across the last 100 years.
And you know what I found? We're pretty
terrible at predicting the future. Of
all the headlines I read, only about 30%
of them ended up being accurate in
retrospect. Now, does that mean I'm
saying we won't have a recession this
year? No. I don't know what I'm freaking
talking about. But I do know that
predicting the future isn't so easy.
Now, I don't know if you saw this, but
Trump bought a full page ad in the New
York Times back in 1987, my birth year,
that criticized US's foreign policy. The
title of the ad said, "There's nothing
wrong with America's foreign defense
policy that a little backbone couldn't
cure." So, it's clear he's had strong
opinions about this stuff for about as
long as I've been alive. Now, over the
last few months, we've seen Trump
leverage America's economic strength by
instituting tariffs with smaller
countries like Colombia. But this is

[02:00]
countries like Colombia. But this is
meant to be a permanent solution, not
just a negotiation tool. And so, whether
you agree with these tariffs or not,
they're most likely here to stay in some
form or fashion. So, let's figure out
some ways we can take advantage. Number
one, let's look at smaller Asian
countries such as Vietnam and Cambodia.
These countries have also been hit by
tariffs, but they don't have much
negotiating power with the United
States, and so they're not going to be
able to cut favorable trade deals like
China's trying to do. We're already
seeing a lot of manufacturing move to
these smaller Southeast Asian countries,
but that's about to accelerate. One of
my favorite tools to reverse engineer
where any company, large or small,
sources their products from is import
Yeti. This is not an ad. It's just an
awesome tool for finding out where any
company gets their stuff from. And so,
it's going to be really interesting to
watch where companies large and small
start to move their sourcing to. You can
literally find the exact factory that
companies use to manufacture their
products. So, if you have a couple hours

[03:00]
products. So, if you have a couple hours
of data to spare, I would pick a niche,
let's say baby goods or kitchen wear,
and then use a tool like Jungle Scout to
see what products in these niches are
selling like gang busters on Amazon. In
case you don't know, Jungle Scout will
give you approximate sales volume
numbers for any product you could ever
search for on Amazon. So, spend a couple
hours one night finding random niche
products that are selling like crazy,
products that seem to have a lot more
demand than supply. You can even see
recent sales volume trends to see if
they're trending up or down. Then you
can take your newfound knowledge, go
over to Import Yeti, and see if you can
find the same or similar manufacturers
or sourcing agents for these same
products. And honestly, this opportunity
has been strong for years. It's not
reliant on new tariffs. This is just a
cool way to find cool products. Pull up
a list of all the countries that are not
as affected by these tariffs and use
Import Yeti to see if you can find
manufacturers of the same types of

[04:00]
manufacturers of the same types of
products. And then once you have that
information, what can you do with it?
Can you sell it in a PDF to companies
here in the US that are already selling
those products? Eh, maybe. Can you order
some samples and see how the quality is?
And then order some samples from the
company you're competing against and see
how the quality compares. Absolutely.
Another thing you can do is approach
these American companies that are
currently importing exclusively from
tariff impacted countries like China and
you can act as a sourcing agent for them
and make a percentage of everything they
import as a broker's fee or a finder
fee. You could start a reverse
engineering newsletter based around
these tariff changes. Call it tariff
Tuesday. Just get an import Yeti account
and every time a big brand changes a
manufacturer or supplier, email it out
to your newsletter. This is the type of
newsletter that is incredibly valuable
even if you have 100 to 10,000
subscribers because the people on this
list are likely to be executives or
sourcing agents at companies. Therefore,

[05:00]
sourcing agents at companies. Therefore,
the amount you can charge for ad space
on this newsletter could be literally 5
to 10x what a normal newsletter might be
able to charge. Another thing about
import Yeti is you can have a 1 to 3
month lead time on new products because
it can often take that long for those
products to arrive here in the states.
Or you can go to
builtwith.com export a list of every
Shopify Plus store with the contact
information of all the owners or
executives. Or you could go to Upwork
and do the same thing for 20 to 50
bucks. Just have a virtual assistant
send you a list of all the Shopify
stores scraped from built with. And then
you could start emailing these stores
and say, "Here's my offer. I'll find you
better factories within 24 hours. Tell
me three products of yours that you'd
like a better manufacturer for, and I'll
find you alternatives, and I'll only
charge you if I find someone that you
end up using. Or I'll do you one better.
If you don't want to put the ball in
their court to send you three winning
products, you can just do this." So
video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and

[06:00]
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter, tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales pitch. tkopod.com.
If you go to any Shopify store, let's
say you go to mine, texasnacks.com. And
then after the.com, you're going to put
/questark
sortby equals
best-selling. I'll put that suffix in
the show notes. If you add that URL
suffix to any Shopify store's URL and
hit enter, the Shopify store will
automatically list all of their products
from best to worst selling. This is the
best life hack ever. So, when you reach
out cold to these Shopify stores, just
tell them that you know what their three
bestselling products are. List it out in
the email and say, "Hey, you don't need
to do or say anything. I'm going to go
find three alternative manufacturers for
these products, and I'll let you know
what I find." But then you don't get to
work until they respond to you because

[07:00]
work until they respond to you because
95 plus% of people will never respond no
matter how good your offer or email is.
Once they respond to you, then you get
to work because you have a fish on the
line. Oh, I really like this idea.
Another idea seems very crowded right
now. Yes. But when andor if the US
dollar weakens, that means it's going to
stretch even further when hiring and/or
managing remote teams abroad. So, you go
to Upwork, you find some rockstar
virtual assistants, and you place them
at companies for a onetime placement
fee, $500 to $5,000. You can do a flat
fee, or you can do 10 to 30% of their
first year salary. Yes, a lot of people
have this business. Yes, this seems very
crowded, but I think in the long run,
when we look back on this industry 20
years from now, we're going to see that
2025 was still very early when it came
to offshore recruiting or staffing
agencies. There's two models of this
game that you can play. Number one, a
staffing agency. You mark up their seven
or $8 an hour by 50 to 100%. You manage
them. You deal with the headaches of
hiring, firing, and you take a 50%

[08:02]
hiring, firing, and you take a 50%
margin right off the top. Number two,
placement agency, where you charge a
flat fee or a percentage of the first
year's salary in exchange for finding
and placing a competent overseas
employee. Pick your poison. Staffing
agency is generally more recurring, more
profitable, but a lot more handholding,
more headache. Placement agency could be
good cash flow, but it's not really
recurring. You're only as good as your
last deal. That's a trade-off you got to
make. The third idea that I love
anything software code isn't affected by
these tariffs. Digital products,
communities, info, businesses, SAS
products, there's never been a better
time to launch any of these things. I
mean, first of all, we can have AI do it
for us. Replet, cursor, bolt, lovable,
wind surf. Go play around with them. Get
to know them. Gum loop. Surely you heard
my episode from two days ago with the
co-founder. Build an agency on top of
these things. Build a last mile agency.
I'm really liking that idea right now.

[09:00]
I'm really liking that idea right now.
All these people are playing in Replet.
They can't finish what they started,
myself included. They go to the Replet
bounty program. They're underwhelmed.
They're disappointed. It is not a great
replet product unlike their core
feature. And so there needs to be an
agency that takes all these 80% 50%
finished projects and finishes them out.
Go start that. Number four, become a
tariff or a supply chain consultant.
Become an expert on these things. Get up
to speed with deep research. Chat GPT,
Google. Start talking about what you
learn on Twitter or social media. Hit
record on your camera. Hit publish. See
what happens. Maybe nothing. But not one
person in listening to this can honestly
tell me that they think there's more
supply than demand for this service
right now. People are scrambling. They
have no idea what to do with these
tariffs. Reading for a few hours would
put you in the top 5% of experts. Number
five, buy the dip. I don't mean as an
investor. I mean as a business buyer or
as an opportunist. I guarantee you there
are millions of business owners in the
United States freaking out right now

[10:00]
United States freaking out right now
because they don't know how the ripple
effects of these tariffs will affect
them. Even if they won't affect them,
bluecollar businesses, sweaty startups,
home services, laundromats, RV parks,
pet crematoriums. If you're more bullish
on the future of America over the next
couple years than the potential seller
is, and you're right, then you win. If
you're wrong, then you likely lose. But
if you have an asymmetric amount of
information, in other words, if you
spend some time learning about these
things and the impacts of them and cover
your downside, work in some seller
financing, some creative deals where the
seller can get the business and or piece
of real estate back if you default on
it, then you can win. Idea number six,
you just keep doing what you're doing.
Like, what are we doing? Don't freak
out. Remember what I did at the
beginning of CO? Sold all my stocks like
an idiot. Guess how much of a temptation
I had to do that this week? Zero. No
temptation. It's not happening. I'm
never selling. I'm buying. I'm doubling
down on my biggest holdings. Panicking
isn't a strategy. You want to hear the

[11:01]
isn't a strategy. You want to hear the
names of some companies that were
founded in the wake of huge tariffs
and/or recessions? General Motors was
founded in 1908, a year before, was the
panic of 1907 that decimated banks. You
think you don't need a bank to start a
car company? Starbucks expanded
aggressively during the 1980s recession.
Where would Starbucks be today if it
didn't have that foundation it built in
the 80s? McDonald's exploded during the
postworld war II inflation era right
after the Korean War tariffs were
enacted. Ray Croc was greedy when
everyone else was fearful. Microsoft
1975 the US was in stagflation and oil
crisis and a brutal recession. Everyone
was cutting back but Bill Gates and Paul
Allen just kept grinding. Apple 1976
same story. Johnson and Johnson thrived
during the Great Recession. Why? Because
people were still buying shampoo,
diapers, medicine, and hygiene products.
LinkedIn started in O2, right after the

[12:00]
LinkedIn started in O2, right after the
dot crash. Airbnb08, we know what
happened in '08. It was the year I got
married. It was all that I knew. It's
funny cuz I remember talking to my boss
back in '08. And I was so ignorant. I
was 21 years old. I didn't know what was
going on. And I was just like, "Oh man,
I don't know if it's ever going to get
better. Are we ever going to come out of
this recession?" and he just laughed and
laughed. It'll get better. What I would
not be doing right now is starting an
e-commerce business, unless it's an
e-commerce business that only relies on
goods manufactured domestically. That's
probably the best type of e-commerce
business you could start right now.
Something handmade, made in America,
still affordable, highquality, made in
America, hasn't really had any teeth to
it until now. I don't know if you've
noticed, but Americans are only really
willing to buy made in America products
if they're affordable enough. Maybe now
is the time that they will be. So, lean
on it. Even if it's obvious that your
product is made in America. Kind of like
corn chips that say gluten-free. Yeah,
there's no gluten in corn. They're

[13:00]
there's no gluten in corn. They're
naturally gluten-free. But who cares if
it gets 5% of more people to buy your
chips? Then brand the heck out of it.
All in all, anytime you log into your
portfolio and you see red everywhere,
that's opportunity. So go grab it, share
with a friend, and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner