[00:00]
We got to talk about businesses you can
start with this new image generation
thing. Nick, I think there's going to be
a whole new class of chat GPT rappers
that can be built just on top of this
one feature. You should probably just go
and do things cuz friction and momentum
are very real and if you just go and try
to learn, you'll probably never launch.
Best way for someone who's a hustler
like you is just do some side hustle,
see which one hits, and then lean into
that one. I would go no tech or AI and
nothing in between. It'll be easier to
find a competitive advantage regardless
of how crowded the market is because the
title wave is so big.
Let's talk about 40 image generation.
Okay. You have access yet? No. Okay.
That's okay. That means everything I'm
saying, not everything, but everything
I've done will be fresh to you. Right.
Right. Chad GBT has always sucked with
generating images with that have words
or numbers. That's gone. And Oh, sorry.
Sorry. Keep
going. No, that's fixed. That's fixed.
Really? And it hasn't Yeah, it hasn't

[01:01]
Really? And it hasn't Yeah, it hasn't
really been able to edit pictures,
right? But now it can. If you're on
Twitter, you've seen these pictures
everywhere. Maybe even on Instagram. A
lot of people are playing with it. Not
all pro accounts have this feature yet.
Mine does, thankfully. So, I've been
playing with it. Yeah. For instance, I
generated a picture of Ryan Gosling
wearing a BIE Beaver onesie with a hood
on. And it was all I did was take the
stock image from our website of the
onesie, upload it, and say, "Give me a
picture of Ryan Gosling wearing this."
And it was like, "We can't, you know,
due to copyright reasons, we can't
generate an image of Ryan Gosling, but
do you want someone that looks like Ryan
Gosling?" And I'm like, "Yes." It takes
a while. Like, it took three or four
minutes to load and generate. Yeah. But
like it's it's Ryan Gosling. Like it's
not a guy that looks like Ryan Gosling.
It's him. And like the skin tones match
it. It does not look AI at all. Really?
Like Can I show you? Yes, please share
your screen. By the way, I'm trying it

[02:01]
your screen. By the way, I'm trying it
right now. Okay. Yeah, maybe it's ready.
Well, because I've been trying it on my
phone. It's not working on my phone.
It is taking a while to load. So, this
might be a good sign. Oh my gosh. Are
you kidding me?
Like it looks like him. Oh, and if you
look really closely, the Buckyy's logo
is a little weird. Like, it's not
supposed to have that whisker, but you
you really got to be looking for it.
Okay. And this was my prompt. That's it.
That's what I gave it. Oh my gosh. Show
Ryan Gosling wearing this looking
sexy. I can't show Ryan Gosling in that
outfit, but I can make a funny and
flirty version of someone like him
wearing
it. Like, that's not like Ryan Gosling.
godzling. Good job covering your
butt, but come on.
Oh my gosh. So then, so then I said, I
uploaded a picture of beaver nuggets
just in a bag. Now show that same pic of
him, but he's showing in beaver nuggets
with a look of joy on his face.
Showering. Showering. Image created.

[03:02]
Showering. Showering. Image created.
Look at his
skin. Like look at his I mean his skin's
always been flawless. Can you zoom in?
Well, like it's the opposite. It's he
has crows feet on. Can you zoom in for
me? It's not. No, not letting you. It's
not letting me. But look how like the
shading of his skin, like the lines.
Beaver nuggets look blurred.
Yep. Yep. So then you had to go full
Ashton Hall, right? I mean, what? He
broke the internet. Okay. If you're
listening, you don't know who Ashton
Hall is and you haven't been on the
internet. He's this guy out of Alorn
State. He played football. Supposedly,
he's 5'5, whereas on his football
profile, he's 5'11. And he posted his
morning routine. And Nick, that thing
got almost a billion views on Twitter.
Can we talk about Ashton Hall for a
minute or is that going to be too big of
a squirrel? As long as it's not that big
of a squirrel, let's talk about it.
Okay. That dude's a genius. He's a
genius. Obviously, it elicits a lot of

[04:02]
genius. Obviously, it elicits a lot of
hatred towards him cuz you're like, who
the freak is this guy? Which is why he's
a genius. Yeah. Like who is he? The
timestamps were odd. He's he's in the
air for four minutes as he's jumping
into the pool. So like the whole video
is his morning routine and it's
minuteby-minute him. Every frame is
memeable. It's not like a memeable
video. It's every frame. It's like said
to AI, I want you to give me a frame by
frame viral video concept that I'm going
to shoot and make me as hateable as
possible. I'm good-looking and have big
muscles and I'm rich. You know what I
mean? It's just like mash those things
together. It's crazy. Also, I just want
but I do want to say how big of a
psychopaths do you have to be to wear
that much jewelry when you go and work
out? Let's not don't even get me
started. But Nick, that's just part of
the video, right? He probably doesn't
actually wear that. But first of all,
there you can see online that he
recently filed an eviction or like an
eviction was filed against him. Like
that's public data. Oh, really? So now
that all this has gone viral, a lot of a

[05:01]
that all this has gone viral, a lot of a
lot of stuff has come out about him,
which is I mean 5 foot five. I don't
know if that's true, but I heard it from
a non-reliable source, so it's probably
true. So, I said, "Show this guy eating
a massive box of crispy creams with an
ashtray next to him full of old sigs and
a huge bottle of Coke by him as well."
As in Coca-Cola. So, then I got this.
Okay, dude. Crispy Cream. Oh my gosh, it
says Crispy Cream. It does. Cuz like
before it would be like crafty
romp language you've never heard of.
Like it's a little blurry, but there's
nothing wrong with it. Oh, the Coca-Cola
logo looks perfect. And it looks real.
Perfect. Yeah. And then you got a
different version with a bottle of
Adderall right
here. But it just it looks
real. I mean, you got a Pelaton in the
background with a red handle. Like this
is where I think NFT technology is
actually going to come into play. Mhm.
Mhm. because you like you don't know
what's real anymore unless you have some

[06:01]
what's real anymore unless you have some
type of attribution something to show
like oh it's stamped with my blockchain
or whatever right like right this is so
good it is oh oh this next picture so if
you can't see Chris has been scrolling
down and there's a picture of Chris on a
billboard this looks real like it looks
like he took this picture so Simon made
this this is not AI yet Simon made this
but I want to switch out these three
words with other I I'm trying to ABCD
test on Facebook. Okay. So, we're
looking at a billboard. On the left hand
side is Chris. It's the office podcast
logo, cover art, and on the right side
it says still rat racing, the Kerner the
Ker office pod because it's all capital
letters. And then it shows where to go
listen to it. Yeah. So, I want to swap
out still rat racing with all kinds of
different things and see what people
click on the most. So, I said swap out
still rat racing with quit your job. So,
it did this. So, it switched out the
person. Yeah, I was going to say, who
the freak is that? That's not me
anymore. My podcasts are like I didn't
want you to touch that. But all the

[07:00]
want you to touch that. But all the
letters are still right. It changed like
like it was a black background with
white font. Now it's just black font.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like it's
still is a work in progress when it
comes to words. But and then I was like,
"Okay, no, don't fix it." And then it
just said still rat
rock. So it's it's getting there. It's
getting there. Words are hard. I was
going to ask because in the past when
you've tried to edit images, it just
doesn't work. Like it you have to start
over almost. Is it the same way? No,
it's it's better, but it's Yeah, it's a
lot better with words and letters, but
it's not perfect. That is insane. What's
interesting is to see each of these
companies catching up with each other.
So Grock, which is which is X AI,
Twitter, their LLM, came out with image
editing abilities like a week ago or two
weeks ago, I can't remember like the
timeline. And then all of a sudden,
OpenAI comes out with their edit edit
image editing capabilities. Deepseek

[08:00]
image editing capabilities. Deepseek
comes out and then all of a sudden
OpenAI comes out with their deep
research. Like these products are
already existing. They're kind of just
like waiting for the first person to
bring it to market and then they're
going for it is what it seems like. So,
we got to talk about businesses. You can
start with this new image generation
thing. Nick, I think there's going to be
a whole new class of chat GPT rappers
that can be built just on top of this
one feature. Absolutely there is.
Absolutely there is. Can I Can I tell
you one of my favorite ideas for this?
Yes. There's a class of like niche kind
of indie SAS projects and just I don't
know why but for whatever reason SAS
projects, companies, apps built around
resumes and jobs do really really well.
Probably because people are they're in a
productivity state of mind. They're
trying to better their lives. They're
willing to spend some money because
they're about to get a job. That stuff
just does really well. So, why not like
a Now, this domain name is taken
visualres.com and the the landing page

[09:02]
visualres.com and the the landing page
looks kind of like replet. It's just a a
prompt and you've got some pictures of
what résumés could look like the like
before and after pictures on the
website. And for five bucks, you just
upload your resume and it just spits out
an infographic of your resume. Something
that just looks beautiful but delivers
all the same info so you can stand out.
Unlimited revisions, $5. Yeah, that's
fantastic. Put your email in to get
delivery of it. So, you get an email and
you get $5. What do we think? Yeah, I
think it's a fantastic idea. How would
you build it? Cursor or replet or
lovable or whatever. Like this would be
very very simple. Very simple. Is would
it be an app that you like actually have
on your phone or is this a desktop? I
don't think it needs to be. I think you
could turn it into a recurring product.
Like you could use those emails to
upsell them to a proper iPhone app
that's $9.99 a month, like unlimited
image regeneration, image fixing,
whatever it is, but this would be like
your foot in the door to do all that.
Okay. Again, we didn't talk about this

[10:00]
Okay. Again, we didn't talk about this
beforehand, but you ready for me to
bring this full circle? I've never been
more ready for anything in my life. Do
you remember in the fall when I was
complaining about taking family
pictures? Yeah. And we brainstormed on
the idea of like this is now to the
point where it's the use case. Okay.
What are we doing, Nick? Send me a
family picture right now and I'll share
my screen and I'll swap you out in like
an old countrytime photo and we'll see
if it works. Okay, hold on. Let me go
find it. Just me or my kids? Whole
family? I don't have a whole family.
We'll blur out your face. We'll blur out
your face. Okay. Oh, you just you just
missed a great joke opportunity. You
could have been like, "My wife doesn't
let me come to the family picture. She
says I ruin them. Chris said something
very self-deprecating right there. Okay,
Chris, now you're going to you're going
to get this picture. It's going to look
a little different than me. Usually when
we do family pictures, she has a stand
in cuz she says I make weird faces.
Okay. While you're doing that, to remind
people of the premise, I we wouldn't
have family pictures. And it's a
horrible experience, especially when you

[11:00]
horrible experience, especially when you
have young kids. You're trying to take
them for like the Christmas photos, so
you don't want to be looking like you're
at the beach, but then it's still warm
weather. You're sweating like crazy. You
got young kids running around. One kid's
smiling. One kid's pissed off. In fact,
the picture that I sent you, one of my
kids is pissed off. So, this will be fun
to see like very clear. He looks like
that a lot though. That's just his face.
Anyways, and so what we talked about was
like, why isn't there something where I
can just send family pictures, just good
pictures to my photographer throughout
the year, and then we get to the end of
the year and it's like, hey, I'm ready
for you to make me my family portrait.
They take the pictures, they run them
together, and then they spit out. You
could probably build a rap. Oh, dude.
Okay. You know how this week I built a
survey. It was fun. I like found these
questions, built a survey, and then it
spit output. Easily build a survey. So,
let's say you're a photographer or even
a digital artist, digital marketer. You
just build a survey that says, "Hey,
tell me a little bit about your family,
what kind of picture you would like,

[12:01]
what kind of picture you would like,
what are the cool things you did this
year, what are your favorite places,
whatever.
And then you, who's putting all this
stuff together, you get the information
from their survey, take their pictures,
merge them together, and then tell AI,
"Hey, generate me 10 ideas for this, and
then you send it to the family, and
they're like, I don't like this
background. The so and so looks weird.
Whatever." Then there's like unlimited
revisions. You don't have to just do it
like one time, try to get a blemish or
something. Photographers are toast. It's
never been more over for for
photographers than it is right now. No,
they they just need to learn these
skills. they'll be supercharged. While
you're doing that, I'll share my screen
real quick because it turns out I do
have access. I just grabbed a random
picture on my
desktop, which happens to
be me and Girdley. And so I just said, I
want you to make this an anime style
picture. And this is what it generated
for me. That's pretty good. Wow. Oh my
gosh, that's good. Like it kept the
background like it has my my remote here

[13:02]
background like it has my my remote here
for the fan. You look Japanese. Turning
Japanese. I really think so. It's got
the brick. It's got the brick in the
background. Grandma break in the
background. Oh, it's got the sure mic.
What? Granted, it says shube, but that's
okay. My eyes are blue and very big.
They're very big. Your hair is brown
now. My hair That's okay. Hey, that's
okay. It makes me look good, dude.
That's amazing. All right. What you got
on your end? It's still loading. While
that's loading, I have an idea on this
idea that I want to ask you about. Wait,
I want to share my screen as it's
loading cuz it's halfway done. An
oldtime country setting, country western
setting goes against their content
policy for some reason. So, I said
rainforest setting and it started what?
What is that? Yeah, it started loading
and then it went away and said bumps
into a content policy stuff.
It's interesting to see trends of
styles. So like clothes comes back into

[14:00]
styles. So like clothes comes back into
style. The stuff kids are wearing today.
Baggy Jenko jeans. Those were popular
when we were like middle school and high
school and now they're kind of coming
back into style which is really cool.
It's funny. But one of the things that
I've seen also as millennials is like
retro Nintendo 64s. It's not actually
Nintendo 64, but it looks like Nintendo
64 or just retro Nintendo where you're
literally just playing the retro game of
Nintendo. I wonder if in like 5 years or
even sooner, you just go the opposite
direction where everything's going to
look so polished, so professional, so
good, any copy, any marketing materials,
any picture, any LinkedIn, whatever,
that the way to stand out will be to
like go the opposite way and look low
tech. I wonder if there's a product
around like a low tech solution or or
even just a low tech booking solution, a
prompt. Yeah. Yeah. That could be a
rapper just like a call it like lowfi
lowfi rapper or lowfi. Yeah. It's like
counter cyclical. Like there's this

[15:00]
counter cyclical. Like there's this
famous ad that went viral where it was
like like our our graphic designer just
quit now hiring and it's like someone
wrote it in Microsoft Paint.
Really? Yeah. And like that that did
really really well. So it reminds me of
that. It reminds me of like Minecraft.
It reminds me of the fact that like
short form videos, Tik Toks, like they
shouldn't be overproduced anymore. Like
they kind of need to be underproduced so
you can stand out. Like we're already
there, it seems. And I think we're going
to we're going to go that direction even
more. Dude, here's my rant for the week.
I see posts all the time from people who
are like, "Oh, I'm looking for a
business to buy. I just need to hire an
operator or like Have we already talked
about this before? I don't want to be in
the weeds." We talked about this like
two weeks ago. Two weeks ago. Okay.
Yeah. So, I'm still on this rant. I've
been thinking more and more about it.
And I've kind of come up with this
framework that I want to run past you
and get your opinion on. So, there's a
lot of people who they want to be
entrepreneurs. They're young. They're
hungry, rowdy arsonists, and they they

[16:01]
hungry, rowdy arsonists, and they they
want to get into entrepreneurship, but
they think like, "Oh, I just got to go
start a business or I got to go buy a
business." And they're not really
thinking through the best steps to
prepare themselves for entrepreneurship.
So, here's a little formula that I have
that I want to get your opinion on. I
think that success in business is your
idea plus execution. It's that simple.
You have an idea and then there's
execution. And then within that, the
execution, you have grit, you have
distribution, you have fulfillment, and
then you have knowledge and
experience. In one of those four at
least, you have to have a competitive
advantage. And then even in the idea,
you potentially have to have a
competitive advantage somewhere in that
formula. Something has to have a
competitive advantage in order for you
to be successful. So like you have grown
like crazy on social media. Was it the
idea? I'm just going to post shorts
every single day about business. No.
There's lots of people who post shorts
every day about business. Was it the
execution? Yeah, it was the execution.
So like what was it in the execution,

[17:00]
So like what was it in the execution,
the distribution, the probably the
fulfillment of it, right? like it was a
creative strategy in the in the way that
you were finding viral videos and then
you're putting business plans on top of
it because any viral video can become a
business plan. Like that was a very
interesting take on an already knowable
idea of hey build an audience and of
course then you'll have distribution.
It's like okay cool everybody knows that
you had a very unique value proposition
and an unfair competitive advantage and
I think a lot of people want to get into
entrepreneurship and that's admirable
but they don't have an unfair
competitive advantage. So video is cool,
but you know what's better? Long form
audio via podcast and my newsletter,
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. If you're 23 years old and
you're looking at this, it's like you're
going to go compete in a market that
already exists against people who have
the distribution, have the knowledge,

[18:00]
the distribution, have the knowledge,
have the fulfillment. And if you're
like, well, I'm just going to work as
hard as everybody or harder than
everybody else. It's like that that's
just table stakes when you enter the
game. So, I've been thinking this
through. What do you think of that
framework? Your competitive advantage
being the most important thing. Yeah. If
you're going to start something, you
need to have a competitive advantage in
something or a path to a competitive
advantage in something. Like an edge. An
edge. Yeah. Yeah. In order for it to be
successful. I agree with a caveat. I
think that maybe the most important
thing is the market that you choose or
the title wave that you choose to ride.
I'm thinking of ride sharing, right?
Uber launched, they took the market by
storm. Then Lyft, Sidecar, there's a
bunch of others and they're doing great.
Here's a very recent example, totally
different. You know, six months ago, we
talked about that guy that Moses launch
for free. He posts the time lapses, they
get millions of views. Do you know how

[19:01]
get millions of views. Do you know how
long he's been doing that and how many
followers he has across platforms? No, I
don't know. He's been doing it for about
two and a half years. He has 45 million
followers. Jeez, that's insane. 45
million. So, are you telling me that if
someone were to copy and paste exactly
what he does? Exactly. No competitive
advantage, no differentiation, they
would be successful because it's a title
wave. Like, there's so much demand.
There's few people willing to go
outside, buy a mower, do it for free,
knowing how to edit it. Like, they would
win. Yeah. In my opinion, those would be
competitive advantages if you know how
to edit it yourself or if you have the
money where you don't need the money to
go and mow somebody's lawn. I'm just
saying got some back stop. You don't
have a background in this, right? Like,
you literally just copy him. Like, you
you download Cap Cut. Like, you don't
have a background in editing, but you're
just like, I'm going to copy him.
Exactly. I feel like because there's so
many people that want to watch something
so visual that you're not going to get
45 million in two years, but you could

[20:01]
45 million in two years, but you could
get 4 million in two years or 20. Yeah,
great caveat. I think that falls into
like the grit category because in order
to do that, even if it's a knowable
execution strategy, he's got to do it
for two years before he gets to any
level of like quote unquote success.
He's doing this for free and he's
actually paid. I just use that as an
example because he's been doing it for
two years, but like his first videos
started going viral like immediately
just because the algorithm loves it. So
yeah, but that's luck is not a strategy.
It's like okay, he did he pick? He's
like, oh, this is a title wave industry.
I'm going to lo anyone copying him
wouldn't. They're just copying. I think
we're in agreement here. But you're
entering now into a market with more
competitors. So the probability of your
success just lowers when you're entering
it with no experience. Either the road
is going to be longer, you've got a
steeper learning curve, you've got to
throw more resources at it, etc. All of

[21:00]
throw more resources at it, etc. All of
this goes to say it's it's proving the
point that I'm coming up with is if you
were 25, this was my question. If you
were 25 years old and you were like,
"All right, that's the business formula.
I want to figure out where I can achieve
this competitive edge to enter a market.
What would you be looking at right now?
You personally, like Chris, 25-year-old
Chris, where would you be looking to get
that competitive edge and then exploit
it? Now, it it might be this where
you're like, I'm going to basically
start a lawn care company with a
component of I'm going to do video. And
so, that's that's my asymmetric bet is
that video takes off. But essentially,
you got to learn how to go molons for a
period of time, right? So that could
that could be one vector. I would go
full barbell barbell strategy. I would
go no tech or AI and nothing in between.
I feel like both are title waves and
it'll be easier to find a competitive
advantage regardless of how crowded the
market is because the title wave is so

[22:01]
market is because the title wave is so
big. Like the home services title wave
isn't going to get bigger necessarily,
but there will be fewer people on it
because of AI. So it will be it will
become less competitive. I 100% agree
with the barbell. That's that totally my
thinking. It's either got to be full AI
or like full no AI. Let's give the the
mower the landscaping guy as an example.
Do you think it's a better strategy for
somebody who's young that wants to get
into the space to go and find someone
who's doing it and learn it from them or
to just go do it themselves? I mean, you
know my answer to this. Come on, Nick.
Yeah. Come on, Nick. To go do it
yourself. Do you think you would have do
you think you would have gone faster if
you had actually gone and learned like
an almost apprenticeship with somebody
else? Well, let's talk about like phone
restore like my first thing, right?
Where literally everyone I spoke to,
they're like, "You got to learn how to
fix phones, dude. You got to learn how
to fix phones before you open a business
fixing phones." It was like, "Okay, I I

[23:00]
fixing phones." It was like, "Okay, I I
hear you. I hear you. I don't want I'm
impatient."
So logically on the surface it's like
yeah I you know it could have given me a
head start. I could have learned faster
but realistically a lot of times what
happens and this is something I I
tweeted about this week is like you sit
down with someone you apprentice you
learn how to fix phones and then you're
like ah this kind of sucks you know oh I
didn't realize this I didn't real I got
to go to China to get these and I'm
going to be talked out of it now I'm
just going to I'm just going to speak
out of both sides of my mouth. Right.
That could mean that I find something
better, right? Because I can't replay my
life. It could be that I just keep just
kind of dinking around trying to learn,
learn, learn, like ever learning, never
coming to a knowledge of the truth, you
know? Yeah. I posted a video about the
silt fencing business and this guy
commented and the the whole premise of
the video was like, "Go do a silt
fencing job for free where it has
failed." Like an erosion control job at
a residential home where it's failed.

[24:00]
a residential home where it's failed.
Take a video of yourself doing it. send
it to the builder that owns the job site
as a sign of goodwill and say, "Hey, I
fixed this for you. Next time you have a
job, give me give me a call." And this
builder commented and he's like, "Hey,
I'm a builder here. I'll tell you what,
that wouldn't work. That just wouldn't
work. I'll tell you right from a
builder's perspective, that would I'm"
I'm like, "Okay, if you were the only
home builder in the United States of
United States of America, I would take
that very serious." Of Texas, I'll tell
you what, I would take that seriously
and I would not enter that market. But
you're one of thousands. I don't care. I
don't care what you think. So, a lot of
times the people that you're seeking
advice from, they're like, you're you're
trying to do the right thing and they're
in the industry, so you're like, they
know what they're talking about. They're
they can't see the forest through the
trees. They're so jaded. It's all they
know. So, they like maybe they're a
pessimist by nature, like, oh, you don't
want to do this because this this this
whereas like another guy in the same
industry would be like, "Yeah, actually,
this is a great industry. It's kind of a
cheat code and you should try it." You
know? So, it's just tough because we're

[25:00]
know? So, it's just tough because we're
saying opposite things. Like, we are
saying opposite things, but they're also
like in line with our personalities,
right? Like, that's the way I'm going to
go find success. You're going to do it a
different way. I think the rule is more
you should go out to derisk yourself and
like gain a competitive advantage and go
get some experience. But what you're
saying also makes a lot of sense. So I'm
like trying to work through this
framework because in my mind in the in
the example of oh go out and do
something for free for a home builder.
Mhm. Why not go get take a job for 6
months at a really low pay for a home
builder? Then you like understand how to
actually put up those fences or how to
actually frame or run electrical or do
plumbing or phone restore as an example.
All the mistakes you made in phone
restore were made on your own dime.
Whereas if you had spent some time,
maybe you could have learned some of
those mistakes on somebody else's dime
and then transition them. But it is to
your point, it's that balance of like
there are people who will go and learn
and then talk themselves out of the

[26:00]
and then talk themselves out of the
opportunity. There's too many variables.
You know, it depends on personality
type. The best way for most young people
who are looking to get into
entrepreneurship is to go out and you're
still taking a risk, but go take a job
that pays way less than you're currently
making right now in an industry that is
barbelled. You said either very AI
focused or no AI at all. Like go learn
plumbing, HVAC, construction, framing
because you know what's not going to go
out of business in the next 10 years?
Guys who are going and framing houses.
I'm sure robots will get a lot better.
That's not happening in the next 10
years. And go and learn that industry
because then once as the demand is there
for it, you're going to have an agency
that can go and do construction. For me,
that seems like the best way for
somebody who's young to enter
entrepreneurship. It's not to buy a
business that they have no idea what
they're doing, and it's not to spend a
bunch of money starting a business up. I
think your best way for someone who's a
hustler like you is just do some side
hustles, see which one hits, and then

[27:00]
hustles, see which one hits, and then
lean into that one. For somebody like
me, it's like go get some experience
first and then take the swing there. But
there is no such thing as like, oh, I'm
just going to have somebody else do the
operations. It's like, no, you need to
learn this stuff one way or the other.
Either all in from the startup like
Chris does or go gain some experience
like I do and then get into the
business. You you like you can't
shortcut understanding the business and
and just think you're going to outsource
it to somebody else unless you're born
to a rich family. Basically, like a lot
of things, it just comes down to know
thyself. It'd be nice to have like a
quiz on our website or something where
people could learn more about
themselves. Like, are you do this, are
you most likely to do this or this? And
they they answer 10 questions at the end
of it. It's like, you know what? you
should probably just go and do things
because friction and momentum are very
real and if you just go and try to
learn, you'll probably never launch
based on the answers you just gave to
this quiz. Yeah, that was the
entrepreneurship quiz that I sent you
was basically there's four options.
Would you start a business? Would you
buy a business? Should you invest in a
business? And then there's actually
option four, which I didn't explicitly
state, which was like just do a side

[28:00]
state, which was like just do a side
hustle because you're not ready for
this. But yeah, that's the whole thing
behind it is there are hustlers like you
who were always going to hustle. Like,
oh, I went to Facebook Marketplace and I
flipped this thing and I I bought it for
$4 and I'm selling it for five. Like,
you just have always been a hustler. I'm
not a hustler. I'm more of the, okay,
well, let me learn it first, understand
it way more paralysis by analysis, but
then eventually I go bigger by buying a
business or investing in a business.
Both of those things are fine. You just
have to know who you are. Each one of
those have pros and cons, but you can't
skip the step of like learning. The
learning is the integral part of
becoming successful.
I love it. Me, too. So, I'm a little
frustrated because that other podcast, I
won't say them by name. It's fine. But I
had two things prepared to talk about
and then they released two episodes
talking all about these things and it's
just a crappy coincidence. Screw them.
Screw them. Just do it, Chris. Let the

[29:00]
Screw them. Just do it, Chris. Let the
record show. Okay. Let the record show.
You familiar with rocking? I've heard
the word. I'm sure if you explain it,
I'll be like, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, but
I can't." You put on a backpack with
weights in it and walk around. Yeah.
Okay. It puts more stress on your core,
on your legs, on your body. It's a
healthier way to walk. Okay. And it's
funny because when I was running
ultramarathons like 3, four years ago,
people were rocking like they would rock
an ultramarathon and it was a thing, but
it was very niche at the time. Today
it's very very it's getting a lot more
popular. And there's a company called
Gor Rock and they're doing half a either
$50 million or something in annual sales
just through a Shopify store. They're
doing great. They sell like $300
backpacks, $75 weights. Anyway, Nick,
you know, I mean, the irreverent
marketing is just right there. Like, go
rock. I know. I know. You've got a bunch
of puns, dude. It would be incredible.
Okay. Sorry. Anyway, I'm too cheap for
this stuff, Nick. These backpacks are
expensive. It's $300 for a backpack.
Okay. And then you got to buy the
weights. That's just the backpack. You

[30:00]
weights. That's just the backpack. You
know how much these weights are? You
know how much these weights? Expensive.
I'm sure they're expensive. $75 per
weight. Why? Because they have a handle.
Like what are we talking about? You want
to put weights on, but you can't work
hard to grip it? Like that's like that's
like going to the gym to walk on the
treadmill and parking right outside the
front door. Like what are we talking
about? It's like what the are we
doing here? You know, there it is. So
like you we're talking about going $400
to $500 in to just walk around with
weights on your back. Just a vest. $4 to
$500 for just a vest. They have vests
and they have backpacks. And it's like
$200 to $300 just for the backpack. And
then you got to buy weights to put in
it. Yeah. And what they'll tell you is
like, well, these backpacks are
different cuz it has slots so they won't
jostle around and it supports your waist
and there's padding. It's like it's a
freaking backpack. Can a brother get a
Jansport here? You remember the episode
of The Office where Andy goes and runs
for Yeah. the diabetes nipples chafe.
Yeah. I mean, I guarantee there's
somebody who's like, "Oh, I could I
could put this together for 50 bucks."
And they went and did it and they're
like, "Nipples?

[31:00]
like, "Nipples?
This guy's right here. We're talking to
this guy. That's why I brought it up.
I'm sure that that is." So, my wife and
I go on a date every Saturday night and
we wanted to go rocking on our date.
Okay. What the wreck? Okay. We want to
go rocking. So, I'm not going to buy
this stuff. Like, I went to go.com to
buy it and I'm like, I'm not doing it. I
don't care. So, I have this like Chinese
backpack that my mother-in-law gave me
from Amazon like four years ago. It's
called like Tazio. It's like probably
cost $24. It's a good brand. And you you
want to know what weights I put in this
sucker? I'm so ready for this. I'm
asking Chad GPT. I'm like, "What is the
cheapest price per ounce of a weight?"
Like, it needs to be dense. It needs to
be cheap. It's like sand, water. I'm not
going to be lugging around water. Dude,
I roll up to Home Depot. I buy pavers,
like cement blocks to pave a sidewalk.
$1.78 for 17 pounds. What are we doing?
$1.78.
No. What are you talking about? Crush
them. No, it's like it's like a brick. I

[32:01]
them. No, it's like it's like a brick. I
know. I'm just saying the weight
distribution might be weird if it's just
in the brick form, right? No, it's good.
No, cuz you can get square ones, you can
get rectangular ones. So, you can buy
different sizes, different weights. Out
the door, it's like five bucks. Throw
them in the backpack. I'm good to go.
30, 40 bucks out the door. Okay. So, I'm
thinking like what this needs to be a
thing like this other podcast talked
about is there needs to be like a more
affordable version of Go Ruck. Sure, but
there are other ways you could monetize
this. So, like Go Rock is the premium
version, but the the other version is
like, hey, do you want to feel like
you're in middle school again trying to
catch the bus? Remember when you'd like
have the backpack on and you're running
and your back?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, like again,
we're playing on people's nostalgia.
Back to middle school. Go rucking. How
tight did you have it on? Like, was it
tight enough where it wasn't flapping
against your back? I had no flap issues.
It was fine. Nothing was wrong. Like, it
worked great. Could you have run and it
been fine? If I did run, it would have
been the same experiences with a Gor

[33:01]
been the same experiences with a Gor
Ruck backpack. It was a normal
experience. Yeah. So, the Go Rock is not
like the vest that these like tactical
guys will wear that look like they sell
those. That's not their main product.
They need to have like a sternum strap
that like connects the backpack straps
in the middle that kind of helps
redistribute the weight and then you can
have like a belt strap to help
distribute it to your hips. The weight
it feels like this would be really easy.
You find a manufacturer in China.
There's got to be knockoffs on Alibaba
already, right? Yeah. So, dude, let's go
back to our barbell. Okay. Yes, sir.
People need to do barbells of this,
right? They need to go ultra cheap,
super cheap, stupid backpack. You could
make it funny kind of like with your
puns, right? You be like, "Yeah, this is
a piece of crap backpack from China, but
it's not going to break." Okay. And it's
50 bucks including the weights. Yes,
these are pavers from Home Depot, right?
And the expensive part with e-commerce
with this is shipping. Like I bet this
for the $70 weights that go sells, a lot
of that is just the shipping that
they're baking in. You got to go that

[34:00]
they're baking in. You got to go that
direction or you got to go super barbell
ultra premium, no synthetic fibers, no
microlastics. These are all cotton
backpacks. like these weights, like
there's no paint, like there's no lead,
whatever. Super premium, like kind of
like a Patagonia or like a lifetime
return policy, something like that. Or
you got to go like digital product, $20
ebook PDF of like how to rock for $50.
And it just it's like an instruction
manual. Go to Home Depot, buy this, buy
this, buy this. And then there's like
workout tips. There's like a product
idea. Or you source the backpack. And
you can do this now, which is crazy with
AI. Then you could build a wrapper to
place the order at Home Depot to ship to
your house because the most expensive
piece is going to be the weight that
you're shipping from overseas, right?
Like why am I going to order that from
overseas? I could order it from my local
Home Depot and then have them through
checkout. Boop. They buy the backpack.
Exactly. Affiliate links. And then Home
Depot is just sending it to their house
and they get two shipments at the same

[35:00]
and they get two shipments at the same
time. And it's like, here's how to put
together your rocking backpack, dude. Or
you could make like a Strava for rocking
because it's kind of interesting that
like Strava and like these these watches
right here like the Garmins and Choroses
of the world they don't they can't
really account for rucking because
you're just walking or hiking but you
have an increased heart rate. So, I
wonder if you could do like a very niche
Strava for rucking only or like a
scheduling app for rucking or you know
what I'm saying? Like something to track
your workouts or the other thing to do
would be like pickle ball. All these
accessories have popped up around pickle
ball. I'm sure you could find like you
could even do this in your newsletter.
I'm sure there's probably of your
whatever 150,000 subscribers 10,000 that
ruck. I don't know, maybe that's too
high. And just poll them and be like,
"Hey, you ruck. What's the worst part
about rucking?" You're like, "Oh, the
worst part is and whatever the worst
part is, so heavy. It's so heavy." But
whatever the worst part is, that becomes

[36:00]
whatever the worst part is, that becomes
a niche product in and of itself. Kirk,
like what was the business he had that
he was a partner of? Infinite Discs.
Yeah. It's like he sold that before it
finally hit peak popularity, but Rucking
is like on the way up with popular like
what could you do? Could you could you
make branded backpacks? Could you have
influencer backpacks? Like you could
make backpacks and go find That's
actually a really good idea. Forget the
premium. Go find whoever the influencer
is that talks the most about rucking
that has the largest audience or whoever
is making it the most popular or send it
to 10 really popular fitness influencers
and be like, "Hey, for free, wear this
and anybody that buys through us, you
get an affiliate link for." I love it,
dude. There's all kinds of like
influencer plays you could do with this.
It also feels to me like the remember
when Stanley's became
popular. It like just becomes popular
because it's popular. It's not just
necessarily popular because it's the
best thing. So like Rucking is probably

[37:01]
best thing. So like Rucking is probably
going to become popular just because
it's popular, not necessarily because
like what are we talking about here?
It's a weighted backpack. Yeah. Okay.
Like it's nothing new. There's no
there's no invention that's happening
here. It's just rebranded. It's rocking.
Yeah. It's pretty good. I like that one.
Nick, I would be remiss if I ended this
episode without talking about one of our
close friends.
This is a friend that we have talked
about and referred to multiple times on
this podcast and he recently had a sit
down with me and he was offended. He was
offended because we always refer to him
anonymously and he wants his name to be
known to the world. His name is Steven
Hail. He lives
at He has four children, all boys, wife
name. He's a great man. He owns
Oakbridge Advisory Services. That's oak
brbridgeas.com. He does quality of
earnings analyses for healthcare
companies. He's a great man and a
beautiful father. Steven Hail. Did you
really just dox him? Yeah. Oh my gosh,

[38:00]
really just dox him? Yeah. Oh my gosh,
dude. I was like, "What the hell?" All
right. What' you think? Please share it
with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner