[00:00]
Walmart's going to pay me to do that cuz
they can just use AI to do that. We are
lazy human beings. We pay people to
bring our groceries even when our
grocery store is a block away. I
literally just had AI do the whole thing
and I just copied and pasted it all in.
Dude, he made that t-shirt one design
and he handed them out for free.
Hundreds of them. It went massively
viral. Whereas like year two or three he
did 40 million topline. If your gut
reaction is that market is
oversaturated, that's the market you
need to go to because that's the big
freaking market.
It takes years for people to think along
those lines, right? Where it's like,
"Oh, no one's going to pay me to do that
cuz they can just use AI to do that."
It's like you you are selling yourself
short. We are lazy human beings. Yes.
Not just that, but we we want to be like
it's a dichotomy. On one hand, we're
lazy, right? Which is why we pay people
to bring our groceries even when our
grocery store is a block away. Like the
markup on groceries is insane. You got
to pay the Instacart fee, you got to pay
a markup, you got to pay a tip, right?

[01:01]
a markup, you got to pay a tip, right?
But we're lazy. And on the other hand,
we have good intent. We want someone to
hold us accountable, right? So if they
pay you $400 a month, like it's just
them saying, you know what? Yeah, I
could do this. And you know what? I have
the time to do this, but knowing myself,
I'm probably not going to do this. And I
know this is a good thing to do. So if I
feel the pain of $400 a month, it's just
going to get done. People don't realize
that when they when they're trying to
start a business, they sell themselves
short and think no one will pay for
this. People will pay for anything. The
question is, are you going to be good
enough to get it in front of their face,
right? Really? I have another idea.
Okay. So, let's go. This came from your
idea. You know, give me 10 20 bucks and
I'll make you a business plan. Okay. And
then that got me thinking, well, if for
no other reason, people aren't paying
$200 a month for deep research. Okay.
So, it's just a good value. Even if my
prompt is nothing special, right? Shoot.
I can just say, "Hey, you give me the
prompt. You do all the work. You're just
using my deep research account connected

[02:00]
using my deep research account connected
through Zapier to through the API,
right?" Yep. Here's an idea. Good ideas
have good domain names. Here's a domain
name. Okay. Dollarddr.com.
Dollar deep research. Love it. One
prompt. Yeah. One result. 10,000 words
for a dollar with sources. It's linked.
I do nothing. It's purely passive. You
know what? Maybe you want to use deep
research five times, five, 10 times a
day. you going to pay me a dollar each
time? I have to find this guy. He did it
he did a very simpler model or a very
similar model for faxing. I don't
remember what the the business was but
what it was called, but it was like
basically you could pay 10 bucks and he
would do the fax for you. He'd fax
whatever you need to receive this
before. Yeah. And I'm like, "Oh, it's a
no-brainer." Like, yeah, you just build
an automation that's like you put in
whatever you want, you pay a dollar, and
it gets you out whatever you want. And
like, I do think as a as a macro trend,

[03:02]
like, I do think as a as a macro trend,
stuff like that gets super interesting
because of like subscription fatigue
that people are going through. It's
like, dude, people could subscribe if
they want to. Sure. Right. Like, if
you're using enough volume and you're
like, you know what? I I'm going to
spend 180 bucks a month on this. I might
as well buy deep research. But then they
see right there on the sidebar,
unlimited access, $40 a month. That's a
no-brainer, right? I'm going to have to
look at my token usage and make sure
economically it makes sense. And there
will be people that try to abuse it and
you can put in safeguards, but you can't
tell me that. That would not be a good
business idea. And the website is just
it's kind of like replet where the whole
website is just like a a chat, just a
problem. I mean, it's they literally
have on Flutterflow and Bubble and a
bunch of these no code builders, they
just have like chatgpt clones that you
just put in your own token. Yeah. And
like there's a couple there's a couple
guys that have done pretty well in the
iOS space by building just like you're

[04:02]
iOS space by building just like you're
super AI assistant and it's literally
just chat GPT delivered again that
they're just running ads at and it's
like ah they like nobody else's if you
charge 50% of what chat GBPT is costing.
So instead of my 20 bucks a month, I'm
charging, you know, Sarah from
Minnotonka, Minnesota 10 bucks a month
so that she can ask this thing about
what to do with her sourdough. And
again, it's like so mass market. Like
imagine, oh, dude, it just like a super
userfriendly like mass market chat GPT
Mhm. rapper. Mhm. Like everyone's over
here trying to figure out like kind of
unique use cases for chat GPT to like go
and build a rapper for. I was like, what
happens if you don't wrap it? What
happens if you just put it out as like,
yo, this is your AI assistant? Generally
speaking, I mean, chat GPT is a terrible

[05:01]
speaking, I mean, chat GPT is a terrible
name. What does GPT even mean? I don't
even know. I have no idea. No clue. We
don't even know. And we're like core
users. We should ask it
itself. So, what does the what does the
GPT even mean, bro? What do you mean,
bro? What do you mean, bro? Dude, but
yeah, I do think like I don't know like
a simpler version of that that's just
like iOS like native and cheaper. Like I
don't I think there's a bunch of people
that probably use chat GPT that don't
have the pro version. There's probably a
pretty big subset of that market where
the the use of it is just not
contextualized enough to justify 20
bucks a month. But like if you can go
in, dude, it's like yeah, you get super
dynamic. You figure out what people are
talking about and you say, "Hey, if you
really want this to like learn, right,
like we look at it, there's an
opportunity there." Broad thing, dude.
All right. So Sam Alman tweeted like,
"Hey, we're kind of throwing around the

[06:01]
"Hey, we're kind of throwing around the
idea of Okay, let me back up. Just look
at power laws, right? What percentage of
Chad GPT users have the $20 a month
plan?" I would say like 5%. Probably.
95% are very casual users. They have no
need to pay for. And they don't. 5% pay
20 bucks a month. And of those 5%, maybe
10% pay 200 a month. So we're talking
like a fraction of a percent of the
total user. We agreed here. Yeah. 100%.
Sam Alman came out and tweeted like,
"Hey, we really want people to try
Operator to try Deep Research, but
they're not going to pay $200 a month.
What if if you had the $20 pro plan,
that $20 could convert to credits to
where you could test it and it would
just work down your balance." Yeah.
Genius. Why would they not do that,
right? Cuz then you'll get to use it.
You'll get to to enjoy it, and then you
you you might upgrade to $200, right? I
think him tweeting that alone shows me
that there's demand for this. Like
literally just this is deep research.
This is nothing proprietary. You're
using my account through an API. It's
totally blessed by OpenAI. I'm not doing

[07:01]
totally blessed by OpenAI. I'm not doing
anything shady, right? That's why they
license out their API. And you just run
your card. Your card stays on file. And
every time it goes to charge it, there's
like a popup that and maybe you could
you could give it like three or four
prompts per because it's gonna you're
going to finesse it. You just do like
Yeah. It's like a reload basis of like,
you know, we we'll charge you five bucks
every time and you just reload the five
bucks based on a usage. Almost like how
they run some of their API stuff cuz you
can like go and add credits into
OpenAI's API, right? And then it's like,
oh, when you hit a minimum balance, like
what do you want it to refresh it? Yeah,
dude. But imagine the data you would get
out of this. Like first of all, your
users are super high value. They could
be researchers. They could be white
collar earners. I would just learn a ton
by reading their prompts, right? Like
what are you trying to like what that's
interesting like it would just be really
interesting to see what people are
asking chat GPT. I don't know, maybe the

[08:00]
asking chat GPT. I don't know, maybe the
privacy settings wouldn't allow for
that, but it's really interesting
because it kind of parlays on the back
of the guides digital product thing
because like what's the next step like
on someone someone buys the book on
sourdough, right? And you can
immediately hit them with here's your
AI assistant for this specific thing,
but it's all like the same. It's all
just chat GPT. I told you for the
instant chef, we didn't we're not even
training. Like we're just it's literally
just straight chat GPT, but people will
use it as a cooking thing because
they're in a cooking app. What if they
ask like, "What PSI should I have on my
Mazda Miata?" It will it answer that or
are there guardrails? No. Ask it
whatever whatever they want. Like
because it's prio principle, right? It's
like the 96% of these people are going
to ask about the thing. Like sure, if
you have some somebody that's going to
ask about their car, like go ahead, I
guess. Like, but who's going to like

[09:03]
guess. Like, but who's going to like
There's going to be some guy in
Minnetonka that's like, "Dude, I just
found the biggest life hack. I
downloaded this app for my stakes and I
just like randomly I asked it about
about the NHL playoffs and it answered
me. This is like the best NHL playoff
app ever. And his friend's going to be
like, "Dude, that's literally Chat GP."
Literally. Chat GP. What? Right. Some
guy's going to feel like he he found
like the national treasure in your app.
Dude, that's what I'm saying. That's
what I'm saying, though. It's like Oh,
man. I don't know. I think I think it
would be interesting to to put out like
very similarly, you have just the broad
chat GPT app that you clump, right? just
a rapper. Literally, just interact with
it however you want. And then you do the
same thing that you would do with the
guides from a an ad account structure
perspective. Download the best personal
training AI. Download the And it all
just goes to like life assistant AI and

[10:02]
just goes to like life assistant AI and
then people just use it how they want.
Charge them nine bucks a month. Like
everybody becomes your audience. It's
just contextualizing the download for
them specifically. Oh, this is such a
good idea. It' be so fun. What's that
one called, dude? It's there's a there's
a plugin. All right, I'm going to text
it to you. It's called AI PRM. It's like
a plugin that lives on top of Chat GBT.
I've seen this helps you prompt better.
Yeah, it gives you better prompting.
Okay, man. That's a fiveletter domain
name. Those are valuable, dude. Really
sick. Super cool. I got two more ideas.
Fire. Let's go. You good? Okay. Yeah.
So, I'm going to bleep this out because
there are very, very few ideas I want to
bleep anything out because that's the
whole nature of this podcast unless it
involves a domain name that I'm trying
to buy. That's a very clear exception,
right? 100%. All right. So, is a thing,
right? It is like it's been a thing for
like 6 months. It's blowing up. It's
like it is a phrase that is permanent.

[11:00]
like it is a phrase that is permanent.
It's going to be here. And I freaking
love it. And I had an Instagram reel get
like 10 million views where I said that
phrase multiple times. The domain name
was snatched up for $10 in September of
last year. Tough. Okay. The dot com.
Yeah. And we don't we don't do non-coms
unless we're like testing concepts,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I
was thinking like that fits so well with
my brand and everything I talk about. I
just I have to own that.com. And I found
the guy that owns it. He's kind of an
indie hacker build in public type guy.
And he's DM'd me back. We're talking. He
doesn't want to sell it. I'm going to
try to change his his mind. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. For sure. I just feel like, let's
just think very like not innovatively.
This this could just be a merch brand,
an apparel brand. Did we talk about the
the brand God is dope? I don't think so.
Is that you and I? Okay. So, God is
dope. If you Google God is dope, then
click on images and look at that first
t-shirt, the black and the white. The

[12:00]
t-shirt, the black and the white. The
story behind this brand, and I've told
it on the spot before, so I won't go
into detail. It's this guy living in
Atlanta. He made that t-shirt, one
design, and he went uh like at Georgia
Tech, some university, and he handed
them out for free, hundreds of them. You
know what? He sold them for $5, which
was his cost. That's what he did. And
he's just thinking like, I just want to
spread awareness. I want to build a
brand, and then I'll I'll worry about
making money. It went massively viral,
okay? Whereas like year two or three,
somewhere around year two or three, he
did 40 million topline. Okay? And it was
a it was not an accident. He was very
astute and he's like don't worry about
making like and it's it's so funny how
you hear gurus and influencers say
opposite things and they're both they
both can be true on one side of the
spectrum it's like don't underell
yourself charge more than you think
people will accept and on the other side
it's like do work for free until you get
like both work it just depends on the
context. Yeah 100%. So he's like, I'm
not going to be greedy. I'm going to
sell these at cost. And then word of

[13:00]
sell these at cost. And then word of
mouth, you know, t-shirts are very, you
know, visual. And he crushed it. He So
he did mid8 figures the second or third
year. And it's a very strong brand
today. And they still sell really cheap
t-shirts and then they sell more
expensive t-shirts. I feel like that
works because A, it's a good design. B,
it's kind of a polarizing message. Yeah.
Right. If you're you don't believe in
God, it's polarizing. If you believe in
God, it's polarizing. Right. I feel like
this slogan that we're talking about
could have a very similar effect. And
honestly, I would probably copy that
same design and just spell it out every
single word. Yeah. But here's here's the
idea that I specifically want your
feedback on is two t-shirts for sale.
Same design, same slogan. On one of
them, it's just the slogan. And maybe
that's a $25 t-shirt. And then on the
other one, it's the slogan except one
more word.com. and that is the dot and
it's a $15 t-shirt. So, you pay much
less, but you're advertising the brand,

[14:00]
less, but you're advertising the brand,
you pay a fair market for a t-shirt and
you're not advertising it as much
because there's no.com. Maybe even you
take it a step further and like down on
the bottom of the t-shirt, like close to
where it hangs over your belt, you put a
little QR code to your website. So,
you're walking around, someone's like,
"Dude, where'd you get that t-shirt?
Where was it?" Oh, oh, that's cool. Hey,
right here. QR code. And then you could
take it a step further with an
automation and every customer could be
an affiliate and they can make money
from that exact QR code. What do we
think? That one's cool. I think that I
don't think that you have to like put
the com. I don't think that that's going
to create any incremental lift. No, I
think it's so video is cool, but you
know what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter.
Tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. and then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week,
stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales
tkopod.com.
I think it's literally all of the just

[15:00]
I think it's literally all of the just
the words on the front and a big ass QR
code on the back. That's it. That's it.
And that's what everyone gets for the
same price. Yeah. I like it. Do you
think that would sell? Do you think
that'd be a good brand? Yeah. Like I I'd
have to see the shirt, but yeah. I mean,
like,
we've seen it happen so many times in
brands that like every brand ends up
having like their hero product that just
like hits like you just strike a chord
with the market, you know, like you
know, I've won't say the names, but like
there was a buddy of mine that had one
that just was like four words on the
back and it just hit. Everyone wanted
one. Had like NBA players buying it
because like it just resonated. It was
like that that
phrase on its own was like what was
hitting like super cool. And so like I
think about that like there's other one
there's other examples that I can send
you too where it's like one hero product
that just went even in the in the

[16:02]
that just went even in the in the
Christian space. Rough shot supply.
Rough shot supply. I bought their hat.
Same thing. Theirs was uh their phrase
is these are the good old days. M
phenomenal. I see it. I'm looking at it
now. There's another one. I got one. I
got one. Yeah. Yeah. First of all, the
upside down Dallas hat, guys. Yes. You
seen those? Yes. That guy just got a
fourth string quarterback to wear it
once and now it's an eight figure
product. Literally the second one. Dad
Gang, guys. That you stole it from me.
Dad Gang, dude. He's all over Twitter.
That's an eight figure freaking hat
brand based on blowing up. And it plays
to exactly what we're talking about.
Like it's the it's that message that you
want to shout to the world. Like I am a
dad and I think dads are important and I
want to advertise that to the world
which is like that's kind of where
everything is trending. Right. Right.
Like which that is that that to me like
when you zoom out a little bit like

[17:00]
when you zoom out a little bit like
that's the definition of brand is you
think about like selling products on the
internet and a lot of it is benefits and
features focused, right? But your your
marketing is around like problem
solution and like all of these, you
know, more whatever versus what I call
like resonance marketing, right? Like
putting something that somebody
resonates with, right? And selling a
product that they resonate with, which
is literally what brand really is, is
like, do I resonate with this thing
enough to put it on my body? And I think
hats and shirts are like awesome. Like I
think that that's that is the the
easiest way for somebody to connect and
share whatever they resonate with is
like, "Oh yeah, I'm going to put on a
hat." I mean, like I wear hats every
day, mental wellness club. Like, yeah, I
believe in mental health and like
wanting people to to Right. And so it's
like I resonated with this and I bought
it off of an Instagram ad because I
resonated like not because it's the the

[18:01]
resonated like not because it's the the
softest hat in the world or I'm addicted
to camo. It's like no, I liked what it
said so I bought it and I've got more
over there that are the same the same
thing. Those are the hats that make
people stop like strangers stop and ask
you about it. Oh dude, this is like my
most complimented hat ever. Like I at
least once a week, whether it's at
Target or Home Depot or the person
that's checking my tickets to get into a
Laker game, they're like, "Dude, nice
hat. Thanks." That just gave me an idea.
Like you use Chat GBT or some bot or
Ampify or something to find all those
little oneliners, those catchy
oneliners, right? and you print out a
hundred of them on a thousand different
t-shirts and you pass those out or you
just friends and family like, "Hey, will
you wear these around and tell me what
you think?" Which one of those hundred
is getting the compliments? Literally,
that's the one you go all in on. Or I
mean, you could just use you could just
use Facebook ads, right? Yeah, that's
where I'm at. I'm like, I'm just running
ads, dude. I'll get 10,000 people to see

[19:01]
ads, dude. I'll get 10,000 people to see
all of these tomorrow if you want. And
then you just go to to Pod Partner. You
do use Pod Partner. You use Canva and
then Pod Partner. They do print on
demand. It's cheaper and better quality
than like a Printify or Printull. That's
the big one. Printful. That's the big
one. Yeah, those two. I mean, the Send
Prayers hoodie that you have is from Pod
Partner. Yep. I was going to ask you
that. And you know the quality of it,
like it's thicker. It's just like a
better setup. Yeah. And they have mockup
tools. And so you just like go mock up a
bunch of designs. You were the recipient
of that screenshot that I sent was like,
"Hey, which of these 10 slogans do you
like the most that I put on the back of
those shirts, remember?" Like a year
ago. Yeah. Right. And then we printed
them and like it wasn't meaningful
enough for me to go and like pursue that
fully, but like there's a world where
that can, you know what I mean? I still
think there's something there is
something different about the offline
compliments, right? Verse like how many
clicks is this design getting verse that

[20:01]
clicks is this design getting verse that
one? Oh, 100%. I wore my Send Prayers
hoodie in my parents live down in San
Diego County. I wore it to the grocery
store and like a 65 year old dude came
up was like, "Dude, nice shirt." And I
was like,
"Okay, okay." It just goes along with my
framework of the harder way is often the
better way. Yeah. You know, like the
unscalable way or whatever. 100%. I
think from a from a like a testing
perspective to see what you can get
clicks because like I said on the last
episode, like the you're going to run
ads at some point. Dad gang runs ads.
Like yes, the in-person is an intangible
and that's all going to be its thing,
but like they run ads to get more people
to see it. And so it's like Rough Shot
Supply, the one with the these are the
good old days hats. They had like they
used to have like eight hats that they
sold. And obviously that one was the
winner because now they only sell that
hat in eight colors and it was probably
like that design literally probably sold
like 93% of the eight principles. That's
usually how it works. Yeah. Yeah.

[21:01]
usually how it works. Yeah. Yeah.
Paralle principle isn't even 8020. It's
usually like 955. Yeah. 964 all the way
up. I think that
that's go test eight designs on ads.
Spend $100 behind each one. Which one's
getting you the clicks and the
conversions and then kill the other
nine. Don't even try to sell the other
nine. Even if one of them got a
purchase, just go like go to where the
data tells you to go. And so it's like I
don't know. I just it's so easy. It's
people that are listening. It is so easy
to test these things. so fast. Go test
it and the market will tell you what's
good. I just know that there's there's a
few percent of people listening right
now and they're like, "Oh, these bros
literally think they just invented
t-shirts or print on demand." It's like,
listen, stop. First of all, stop. Here's
a framework for you. If your gut
reaction is that market is
oversaturated, that's the market you
need to go to. Yes. Because that's the
big freaking market. Yes. Right. That's
where you need to play around. And I
meant to say this before, but I forgot
when we were talking about digital
products, right? Yeah. Like if you start
selling $19 digital products through

[22:01]
selling $19 digital products through
Facebook ads, it's probably like where
you start is probably not going to be
where you finish, right? But you've got
to start somewhere. That may evolve into
something much more completely
different. You may land on like custom
baseball bats, right? But it's a very
approachable way of getting revenue and
learning Facebook ads. And that's the
point here. The biggest piece for me is
uh for people that are like trying to
step into entrepreneurship for the first
time is to get them away from their
ideas. You got to get out of your head.
You have to get out of your head and
start looking at like actual movement
and numbers that are sitting in front of
you. Like just go turn on $100 worth of
ads. I'm not going to sit here and say
you're going to triple your money
tomorrow. But at least you have some
data around like, oh wait, this is
interesting. 35% of people click through
this ad but not this ad. Why? Right? it
like changes instead of getting caught
in this like cyclical pattern of the
same thoughts. What if I did this? Oh,
here's the 15 reasons why I shouldn't.
Well, what if I did this? Here's the 15

[23:00]
Well, what if I did this? Here's the 15
reasons why I shouldn't. That is all
happening in somebody's brain. It's
like, dude, we're all idiots. Like,
let's just let the numbers show us
what's good and follow the numbers. Like
go test 15 digital products on a general
store in 15 different niches that you're
anything curious about. Like in the big
ones, focus on the big ones. Health,
love, really those two. Those two get in
the game. Like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Food,
right? Like there's a there's there's a
handful of like macro market
topics that almost every single person
in at least the United States is
interested in. How do I make more money?
How do I eat better food? How do I lose
weight? How do I get laid more, right?
Like the the macro that they believe.
Put something out there just to see it.
When it comes to Facebook ads, don't try
to be smarter than Facebook. Advantage
plus. Just advantage plus. Let it ride,

[24:00]
plus. Just advantage plus. Let it ride,
dude. Don't tell it who to target.
You're like, we run everything on broad.
The creative does the targeting. The
creative does targeting. They will not
click on it if it does not resonate with
them. Yeah. And then Facebook very
quickly because Facebook wants to put
content that matters to people in front
of the people that care and they want
you to keep paying them. They will, I
promise, put your offer in front of the
right people. Their algorithm is what's
feeding you the content that you're
watching every day. Let that algorithm
do that for you. 100 bucks a day, broad
targeting, US only on anything, dude.
Literally anything. We talked about an
email opt-in last time. Cool. Digital
product, cool. We keep coming back to
it. It's like a theme of our
conversations. It's the most no-brainer
way for someone to start making
progress. Go start. I'm thinking about
buying a pizza shop, right? came up for
sale around the corner. Are you
actually? Yeah. Okay. I got I got one of
the rabbits you're chasing. I got the

[25:01]
the rabbits you're chasing. I got the
P&L in front of my face. I didn't know
we're going here, but let's do I know.
But the first homeboy literally holds up
a P&L. Yeah. Literally looking
mozzarella online. $12,000 a month in
rent, dude. But the first thought that I
had when it came up and I was like, "Oh,
I wonder what's good." And I saw that
they weren't spending that much on
marketing. I was like, "I'm just going
to launch some ads real quick and say,
get a free pizza." And I'm just going to
do a geo targeted 10 mile radius around
me. Get a free pizza. give us your phone
number because if I can go get phone
numbers for three bucks, I'm like, well,
okay. Like, I feel confident, more
confident in moving in that direction.
You're going to launch a pizza marketing
agency before you ever Dude, Slice.com
is honestly, dude, is the my dream
business. I was like, these guys are
awesome. Like, so sick, dude. I
subscribed to a guy on YouTube. He's
called like pizza marketing and he just
goes and he walks into pizza shops and
talks about marketing and I I will never
own a pizza shop. I might actually one
day because I love making pizza, but
it's just interesting content. I know,

[26:00]
it's just interesting content. I know,
dude. It's slice.com is like just the
coolest thing on the planet, dude.
Here's my rapidfire idea for you to
close this out. I own the domain name
never touchplastic.com.
Got it. Okay. This is This would be like
an Etsy and you can use something like
Share Tribe, like a marketplace as a
service. You don't have to build out an
Etsy. Yeah. A marketplace where people
can buy and sell stuff to each other
that has never touched plastic. What do
you think? I had no idea that that was a
segment of the market that existed, but
if it does exist and you can make money
on it, I would do it. Well, like
microlastics, right? Like I was making
this sourdough starter. I was talking to
Chad GPT about it and I'm like, if I
make my sourdough starter in like a
plastic Tupperware, which 90% of people
online are doing, right? Will there be
microplastics? Yes, because things are
happening in there. There's heat in
there. it will break down. Okay. Will
those microplastics be in my sourdough
forever? Because I don't know how much
you know about sourdough starter, but
you literally it it lasts for thousands
of years. You keep refreshing it and
it's like yes, there will be sourdough
in your bread forever. It's like I don't

[27:00]
in your bread forever. It's like I don't
want that. No. You know, so then that
got me thinking like I need to sell an
ultra premium sourdough starter that's
never touched plastic. Then it's like,
well, I own the domain name, never
touched plastic. Could that be like a
marketplace where like the the weird
freaks of the world that are that
concerned about microplastics, which is
not a large percentage of people, but it
is growing like crazy, could transact
with each other and you could kind of
take a spread on that. Do I think people
will buy stuff that is not that is
focused around reducing microplastics?
Yes. Do I think a marketplace is the
best business model to go and do that
in? No. A marketplace is as hard to
start as it is a good business if you
get it going. 100%. Does that make
sense? Oh yeah. It's like it's it's like
the biggest boulder to get rolling, but
the moment that you hit like critical
mass, the snowballs so big that it can,
right? But like, yeah, I I personally
stay away from marketplace business
models because like I don't want to play
the percentage of GMV game or like
whatever. Now, charging a monthly
subscription for access to a
marketplace, that's on my mind. But like

[28:02]
marketplace, that's on my mind. But like
straight revenue model being based off
of marketplace interactions, hate that.
don't want to like just don't want to
participate. Yeah. But people you should
just dude just sell just use that
domain, put it on a t-shirt
and just sell glass Tupperware drop
shipped. Come on. There it is. Never
touch plastic. That could just be a
t-shirt, too. Yeah.
Sea turtle on there or some
Jeez, dude. Once again, I have a
headache. That's a sign of a good pod.
That's how it goes. Where can we find
you, Sam? We're gonna We're gonna ask
every time. Dude, I'm always on Twitter.
I'm Sam Thompson. Sign up for unlimited
content.com. You know, you need to post
every single day on your blog and you
just don't hurt. I'll tell you, it ain't
going to hurt. Ain't going to hurt. All
right. What' you think? Please share it
with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner