[00:00]
You can start this with nothing. The
money is never a problem. If the deal is
good enough, you could go get the money
over 3 years just by myself. Sold about
$4 million worth of handbags and made
$557,000 net profit. We bought the deal
for $28,000 and sold it for 103. We did
it in our garage. My wife just shipped
it out. This is repeatable stuff, man. I
tell this story every single day and
less than 1% take action. The biggest
barriers in your brain. Hypothetical
scenario. You wake up, all you have is
your resale knowledge. What's your first
go-to? Right now, I believe the huge
opportunity is in
[Music]
the You don't have to believe me, and
that's fine. But I promise you, this is
one of the best episodes I've ever
recorded, and I'm not in the business of
letting you down. I'm not going to hype
you up just to let you down. I had my
friend Shannon on today. This was his
fifth time on the podcast. Shannon is a
reseller, a flipper, a liquidator. He
buys pallets and truckloads of random
items and resells them. He'll buy them
for 2 to 5 cents on the dollar and sell
them for 20 to 30 cents on the dollar.

[01:02]
them for 20 to 30 cents on the dollar.
And holy crap, this is the most tactical
get your hands dirty specific advice you
have ever heard. Whether you want to
make an extra $100 a week or an extra
$100,000 a week, this episode will apply
to you. It was so good we had to split
it up into two parts. Part two will be a
week from today exactly. If you want to
hear the other four Shannon episodes, go
check out episode 38, 41, 61, and 64.
That was in July and September and I
promise we're going to have them on
again. Enjoy. I founded like 10
companies. I've sold some of them and
then was just like, "Okay, what else can
I sell?" And I love to resell. I love to
buy at auctions. I love the liquidation
space. Once you build the systems around
it, you can really apply it to any
category. Right from selling iPhones, I
sold I took about a year to learn a new
product line. I looked for a high-end
product that had money and I sold
handbags, luxury handbags. And over
three years, we sold I just by myself
sold about $4 million worth of handbags.

[02:00]
sold about $4 million worth of handbags.
Oh man. Made
$557,000 net profit and it was great.
And then I got You went straight to
handbags after phones in 2017? Yeah. So
I sold and I was like, "Okay, I don't
want to retire." Then I was having I do
a podcast called Business Brain and a
lot of people were talking about social
commerce and stuff and I didn't know
anything about that and it's like what
how does this work? So I just started
still talking about it. I I feel like
people are still saying it's it's the
next big thing. Yeah. And I didn't know
anything about it. So I was like well I
want to my whole life I've tried to just
follow my curiosity like that's
interesting. Can I monetize it? You know
some way to do it and kind of just pull
the string. So I did that and I started
buying low-end bags. I had this system
in my head that I wanted to make 500
bucks a day. I'm like, I'll sell 10
bags, make 50 bucks a bag, and I'll just
but I only want to work like an hour is
I just built this business up and I
wanted some time to kind of relax. But
it turned out as I worked my way up the
the food chain, you know, I could sell
one bag a day and make 500 bucks. So, I

[03:00]
one bag a day and make 500 bucks. So, I
was like, "Wow." So, I moved up and it
takes the same amount of effort to sell
10 bucks than it does a thousand, right?
And so I just moved up the food chain
and sometimes more effort to sell 10
bucks. Yeah. More more effort probably.
Yeah. Yeah. And uh I learned a lot. I
had a great time. And we talked about
this a little bit on when I was on your
show last year about getting involved
with the the company. You know, I've
sold most of the stuff on Poshmark and
eBay. And I work with those people. I
get really as close to them as I can via
LinkedIn. I find the product managers
and the category managers and I reach
out. And then that's how you avoid
somebody complaining like I got banned
on eBay or my account got shut down.
Well, when you know people Yeah. That's
how you avoid that. And then you
volunteer to speak at their events and
stuff and they know who you are. So you
started by reach like strategically
reaching out to category managers to
like build rapport and a reputation as
soon as I knew what I was going to sell.
Really? If you want to sell car parts,
you should you darn sure better know the
auto category manager on eBay and he

[04:02]
auto category manager on eBay and he
should know who you are. And you don't
want to ask him for anything, but you
want to get in his conversation flow.
You want to reply to his posts and
congratulate when he does stuff. And
your name just gets out there. And then
the DM you send them is, "Hey, I'm in
the car parts. I sell X dollar amount on
your thing, eBay. I love it. Thank you
so much. Great cat. Great platform."
Yep. And then stop. And hopefully they
reply and you say, "If you ever like
somebody to talk about what it is like
building a business on eBay, I'd be glad
to talk. Glad." Oh, that's how I got
invited. So then I started for almost
five years I spoke
to big groups of new eBay employees. It
was called becoming eBay and then I
spoke at their eBay live stuff and so
you just make yourself available. And
then I got in their they did a 20th
anniversary commercialvideo thing and I
was in that and it changed my whole life
at eBay man. I when you can pick up the
phone and talk to somebody. Yeah. I feel
like the negative thing that everyone
says about doing stuff like this is the

[05:01]
says about doing stuff like this is the
platform risk, platform dependency,
right? But what you're talking about is
an insurance policy against that
strategically upfront, not when you need
it, but way before you need it. Yeah.
You can't do it because I get messages
from people all the time. My my account
got whatever Amazon gatekeep me. Uh
Poshmark did the it's too late. You have
to they have to know you. Yeah. Yeah. So
once I started selling a ton on
Poshmark, I was just doing the same
thing. I go on LinkedIn, I'd find what
they were doing and I'd be like, "Man,
I'm having such a great time." And then
I sold a million dollars and I just
that's all I said. I went to the CEO and
I was like, "Man, I'm loving Poshmark. I
just sold my first million." And they
were like, "What? What do you mean sold
your first million?" I was like, "Yeah."
Because, you know, it turns out most
people are hobby sellers, right? Yeah.
And I was grinding, you know, I was m,
you know, trying to build a system. So
they were like, "Come to our building
and come meet us and this and that." So
I did that. So you do it back. I do most
things backwards in my life, but you go
around the backside so they know who you

[06:00]
around the backside so they know who you
are and they trust you and you're
reliable. And man, when you have a
problem, you just pick up the phone,
it's just like fixed. On a recent
episode with this guy named Jordan, he
talks about permissionless marketing and
how just like doing these projects
without permission to get someone's
attention. And he calls it the third
door. He's like, you got to find the
third door. Maybe like it's a it's an
eBay executive that you can't get their
email or they won't respond to email,
but you find them on Strava, right? Mes
comment on their recent Strava ride or
Venmo or something. The third door. I
love that. I love that principle. Yeah.
And it's just getting your name in the
flow of conversation because then it's
like, oh, I you know, I've seen that
guy. I've seen that guy comment on this
or he spoke at this or he did, you know,
I got invited to speak to the top 500
eBay executives and just share my story.
You got to talk. And if you don't like
to talk, have one of your people talk,
your employees or whoever, your partner,
what but that if you if you like talking
and you know it'll change your life,
too. I get invited to all kinds of
stuff. Or if you like not getting shut

[07:01]
stuff. Or if you like not getting shut
out of business because of some
algorithm, right? That doesn't care
about you. Yeah. My my selling limit on
eBay is five billion dollars. Oh my
gosh. And so I always Yeah. I post about
on an X. I'm like, you know, you want to
learn how to get a $5 billion selling
limit, back up five years. Yeah. And do
these things now for your business. You
know, most people don't realize how big
of a deal that is. I I'm I've sold
millions on eBay over the last 15 years,
which you probably used to do that every
year. Y, but like you've got to work up
to that. They've got to see 99 plus%
feedback score like a you got to ship
same day, maybe next day. And like
especially when you find a winning
formula, that's what you're up against
is your selling limit. Because as I
understand it, if you list one product
with a thousand items for $10 each, then
that's
$10,000, right? Like they don't care how
many listings. They care the the total
volume of your inventory on those
listings, right? That's how they count

[08:00]
listings, right? That's how they count
your selling limit. That's right. You
and you got to build credibility over
time. And I still remember the first
comment I ever made to an eBay person. I
was at a conference, excuse me, and I
was just in line. I was in line to get
coffee in the morning. I was talking to
somebody and I was like, "Yeah, you
know, it's really frustrating. I'm
selling like a $100,000 a month and I
don't have an eBay rep. I don't have
anybody I can even talk to." And this
lady turned around to line and she's
hands me a card and she goes, "Now you
do." Wow. And that was my first con. I
was like, "Really?" I was like, "Cool."
So, I followed up and then I just, you
know, you just keep building it out and
yeah, LinkedIn is amazing for that, man.
you know, and and even suppliers. You
want to sell luxury handbags, you should
be connecting with everybody that's in
that food chain up on LinkedIn. You
know,
today Prada just bought Versace. Well,
if you want to sell Versace or Prada,
you should be up there. Congratulations.
This is a great deal. Stop. Don't say
anything. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, just
just get in there. When you said earlier

[09:01]
just get in there. When you said earlier
that you wanted to spend a year learning
a category, was that like a very
deliberate decision upfront or looking
back you ended up kind of learning it
for a year? That's just how long it took
me. Yeah, I'm super impatient and I
don't like to wait, but the research is
so crucial. I wasn't even sure that this
was the right category to sell. I didn't
know which was the right platform. I of
course eBay yeah right away because I'd
done so much business there but I knew
there was other like you know this new
thing Merkari and Poshmark was new and
you know whatnot and all this kind of
stuff and now it's all live selling so
that's a whole new thing to learn. So
studying that when you can make small
mistakes is really powerful and that's
what I was doing. I was selling stuff
for like a couple hundred bucks, but I I
didn't quite understand how the
photography worked. And I didn't know
what a credibility statement was until I
came up with that concept. And I didn't
understand about I could just make my
own authenticity certificate because I

[10:00]
own authenticity certificate because I
was guaranteeing that it was authentic
and I didn't have to pay somebody 30
bucks. But that took me time and then
all on and on and on. So it was like 8
to 12 months before it kind of started
getting steam and you know before I
realized, oh, this is going to work.
What first put handbags on your radar of
of all things? I know you wanted nothing
electronic, something higher ticket. Why
handbags? I've bought a lot of stuff
from Costco over the years from their
auction, the liquidation site, and you
get loads of that they there's this
famous uh suffix they always put on it.
They'll say, "Oh, it's patio furniture,
barbecues, and more." You know, and
there's ah that kind of stuff. That's a
very weighted Yes. like suffix to a
sentence. very powerful and there's a
manifest so you know but I don't okay I
pay much attention to it and I got some
stuff in and again I'm like a hardware
guy I like stuff and I still like buying
like blackstones and this kind of stuff
and I got some bags in there and I
brought them home and I set them on the
table at my house and it was like my
wife was like calling her friends over

[11:01]
wife was like calling her friends over
and my daughter was excited and I was
just you know I thought this is weird
man like I've got 80,000 iPhones in my
warehouse and none of the women in my
life are impressed.
at all. But I bring home 10, you know,
Louis Vuitton and Burberry and Prada and
it was like they're out of their mind.
So I was like, well, there's something
here. So could I find a a supplier and
who how do you do it? And so I started
buying from other sellers to learn how
they were packaging knowing you're not
going to make much money. This is your
education, right? It's tuition. you have
to pay tuition and so it's you're, you
know, experimenting and trying to figure
stuff out and who's the who can you
study and copy? Who can I copy? Yeah.
Yeah. Who's who's got I always say it's
best practices because that sounds
better, you know? So, who who's doing it
the best so you can figure out how to do
it better? Can you take better
photography? Like I have one of my
students in my mastermind. He does

[12:01]
students in my mastermind. He does
pressure washers and his hack is he's
like I just include a video. Facebook
Marketplace algorithm just puts me on
top every time. Yeah. Oh. On his
Facebook Marketplace video of it. He's
like 90% of other sellers just take
photos and I've got video of me walking
around or if it's used I have a video of
it working all that kind of stuff. So
you're trying to find all the ways to
differentiate yourself because I have
found what you what you need to be
successful and I I call it what is your
unfair advantage? What do you have that
other people don't? It could be money.
It could be a big warehouse. You could
have a you know you could be able handle
big things like appliances if that's
whatever. And so I was looking for this
what is my unfair advantage you know and
what I could do better. And I knew the
number one thing I knew I could do
better was customer service because I
know that so well because you know
everybody's a psycho in the tech world
and their phones and their laptops. So I
knew that really well and I talked that
up and I leaned into that a lot. I took

[13:02]
up and I leaned into that a lot. I took
I did free returns for anybody that was
not happy at all. It was just like a it
got rid of a whole, you know, what could
have been arguments about stuff. and I
did unbelievable shipping and packaging
like it was a gift because that's you
want somebody spent $1,000 on a handbag.
They already don't trust you. They think
you're going to scam them. Your
customers are prepared to be
disappointed always. I think that's true
on eBay with any category in my
experience. Yeah. Anything you order
online, your customers uh is it going to
show up? Are you going to ship it on
time? What's it going to look like when
it shows up at your door? What's the
box? Is using some ratty old Amazon box
or did you have your own box? And is it
wrapped really nice? Is there a thank
you card? Maybe a coupon all that like
what seems like basic stuff, but 90 I
would say 95% of sellers don't do it.
It's negative confirmation bias. Let's
say they get handbag that comes exactly
as planned, but for whatever reason it
it doesn't have like a wallet attached,

[14:01]
it doesn't have like a wallet attached,
but you didn't advertise a wallet, but
and they see that and they're like, "Oh,
perfect. Just what I thought. I knew
this guy was going to screw me. And then
they leave you negative feedback and
then you're screwed. Yeah. And so the
way you avoid that is you do free
returns and you use this. I posted about
this on X, but the two tokens customer
service. You know, there's only two
tokens in customer service. There's the
it's really no big deal and the end of
the or it's the end of the world. As a
seller, you must choose because the rule
of that is you can only choose one. So
if you choose it's no big deal, the
customer chooses it's the end of the
world. So, you always choose the end of
the world token and you say, "Oh my
gosh, I'm so sorry. That's so good, man.
This is so bad. Let me tell you what.
I'm gonna send you a prepaid label
immediately and I'm going to send you a
coupon for $50 off another purchase in
the future." And it just like stops
them. So, you take the opposite of what
they're doing basically. Yes. You have
Well, you don't let you don't give them
the choice. No. No. No. Okay. Yeah. If
you if you have the choice, you always
choose. It's Oh, man. I understand what

[15:02]
choose. It's Oh, man. I understand what
you're just trying to you you're pushing
massive empathy at them, right? You you
can't get in the you're right, I'm
right, you're wrong. That that's a
loser. So, what you want to do is get up
from the negotiating table and go sit
next to them and you say, "Yes, this
man, I can I really understand how
disappointing this is to you that USPS
delivered this box two days late. It's
not my fault, but I understand that
that's a nightmare if it's a birthday
present or whatever. let me get you a
label. I'll send it right back. And you
know, often times they go, "Oh, you know
what? I don't I don't have to send it
back." But if you say, "That's not my
fault. I'm not in the delivery
business." Then they triple down and
their ego gets involved. Of course they
do. Yeah. Yeah. So you have to, you
know, it's doing things backwards. You
just You're not saying it's your fault.
And maybe if it is, then you you say it,
but you're just taking accountability.
That's what people want. They want you
as a seller. It doesn't matter if you're
selling them a phone, a bag, a car, or

[16:00]
selling them a phone, a bag, a car, or
whatever. They want you're accountable
for the sale and and how it all happens
even until they get it and everything.
So, you you have to take take care of
them. Now, what do you do in a category
where the margins aren't there to
support such generous customer service
is, you know, in that category? Well,
let's just say you wake up one day and
you are and why I chose this category.
This is where I am. This is why we don't
sell iPhone repair anymore, right? I
mean, because I've been in these low
margin categories a lot and like I want
to be that nice guy when it comes to
returns when UPS screws up, but I like
and a lot of times, you know, but if
there's no repeat purchasing behavior, I
know I'm never going to get more money
out of them. It's genuinely not my
fault. Like what that's just the cost of
business though, right? If you have like
like eBay, the way they do it, if you
don't offer returns at all, they bury
your listing, okay? And they'll tell
you. They'll say, "Hey, it's up to you."
But we're responding to the market. And

[17:01]
But we're responding to the market. And
if you offer free returns, we're going
to bump your listings up, right? More
engage, more exposure because we we want
our customer to have the best experience
in the world, right? Yeah. And so there
is a cost of doing business for sure.
And if it's low margin things like I try
to head it off of the past and say like
I tell everybody I work with don't sell
consumer electronics. Just don't do it
unless you're going to take them apart
and sell components and there's more
money in that if you know that that
special that's your unfair advantage.
That's one thing. But try to go buy you
know phones and consumer electronics
from the auction sites. There's no money
in it anymore. There was Yeah. But guys
like you did it 10 years ago. Yeah. You
know, I did it too. But so you keep
moving to the next thing. For us, first
it was computers, printers, uh,
monitors, and then all that stuff went
out and then laptops. And we rode the
laptop wave for five years of every part
that could fail. But then there became
less parts, less components that would

[18:00]
less parts, less components that would
fail, less moving parts, no floppy
drive, no optical drive, no this, no
that. Well, you have to work your way
out of business. You do it or someone
else will. Yeah. Right. And then we
moved to phones and then iPads. And at
that point, we were in the glass
business, right? That was really what we
were in. And at that point, it was like,
maybe we should sell it. Maybe we
should, you know, and thankfully
somebody came to me that wanted to buy
me, which was great. So, we had the same
arc. Yeah. I went through all squeezing
the margin. I don't sell the bags
anymore. I I still think it's a a great
business model, but you have to be
different. I don't want to do live
selling. I'm a dude with a beard. I'm
not going to connect with people. I know
I could hire somebody to do it for me,
but that's not it. But live selling is
the where it's where that's how handbags
are sold. It it's most fashion items and
stuff like that. Live selling, man. It's
hot. And Poshmark knows it, eBay has it,
whatnot does it. It really works.
Conversely, that could be your unfair
advantage. If you're really energetic
and you're good on camera, handbags

[19:01]
and you're good on camera, handbags
could be an even better opportunity
today than it was when you were in it.
Yeah, that's it. And and it it's just
such an important part. It's a the only
constant is change, right? Yeah. Nothing
stays the same. And if and if you don't
continually invol evolve what you're
working on, you'll be left behind.
Here's a question. So, let's say I want
to pick a category. I want to buy a
liquidation lot from Costco. Was it
bstock.com? Yeah. Betock is the
marketplace for a lot of these big
companies. Okay. And you go up and get
registered there. you need a resale
permit and and Costco's a great place to
start up there. So, let's say I want to
pick a category. What percentage of the
importance would you assign on the
category to how much supply and demand
there is? So, do your research, find it,
find a category where there's a lot more
demand than supply. And then what
percentage of your potential success
would you say is dependent on you just
having a good system and process?
Category is kind of irrelevant. You just
need a good system and plug any category

[20:00]
need a good system and plug any category
into that and you'll win. What what
percentage would you ascribe to either
one of those? The system is like 70%.
Okay. The good the underlying
infrastructure that I have a system I
bid. I use math to bid, not emotion.
I've studied. I've done my research. I'm
let's say I'm in Florida, so I know that
in most of the other parts of the
country, patio furniture in the winter
is going to be very inexpensive. But in
Florida, it's 68 degrees out in the
winter and people are sitting outside.
So I I should be selling that product
and buying it in the winter and selling
it all year long there. That's my
opportunity if you have a way to get it
to Florida. Yeah. Yeah. All those places
ship. You got to just factor in your in
your shipping. Or I have some big guys
that I work with and I've got a
warehouse and I know that scratch and
dent appliances are are wildly
profitable and people want same day
delivery. they don't want to go and
order and wait to you know that kind of
stuff then and we have a a way to
deliver that would be your unfair
advantage but both of them require the

[21:00]
advantage but both of them require the
same underlying system right yeah so
7030 70% just have a good system in a
process 30% is the category yeah and
also your awareness like right now I I
believe the huge opportunity is in
industrial stuff we have all this tariff
stuff going on or whatever and I think
companies are going to be buying tons
tons of industrial products here in the
US, refurbished, you know, whatever it
is, used even, you know, restaurant
equipment. It's just going to be a great
time to sell that kind of product. And I
and I'll give you an example, Signature
Hardware. It's this big company called
Ferguson, and they're using it to
liquidate a ton of industrial stuff. And
they sold just a sale that was a couple
weeks ago. It was like $1.8 million
their store price. And I always say this
the store price is a lie. So, let's cut
it in half. say it's 900,000 bucks.
Okay. Well, it sold for $13,000.
Oh, right. And check this out. Anyone on
the planet with a resale certificate
could have bought this. Yeah. Yeah.

[22:00]
could have bought this. Yeah. Yeah.
Check it out. It's So, it's not worth
1.8. So, I said, "Okay, let's say 9006
96,000 half." But let's say let's let's
be really cynical and say it's only
worth 25% of the store price. So,
$435,000. So, you buy it for 13 and
you're into it 10 grand for freight. So,
23 grand. The first I the most expensive
item on the list sells for 10K and I
post a picture online. It's this big
valve at Home Depot. It's
$12,800, right? And so the second most
expensive item on the list is 8K and
there's three of them. So you sell four
products and you get $34,000 back. And
there's still 3,000 items in this in
this left for you. Did this go for sale
on BTO? Where was this found? Yeah, I
posted about it. It's at the Signature
Hardware link and I posted a link. I'm
here, go buy this. You know, this is the
Here, I'll give you the You want me to I
can share my screen if you want. So,
what's like the what's the gotcha? What
is the asterisk? You got to find buyers

[23:01]
is the asterisk? You got to find buyers
and it's hard to find buyers. It's a ton
of work. What type of work? Like, it's
to sell it. You You got to call. You got
to go there. I just put the link in the
chat. You You have to How would you sell
that big giant industrial thing? Most
people aren't going to want to talk to
you, right? But this is not a a deal
that I would recommend the first auction
to be, right? But if you've been buying
a little at a time, if you made your
first $,000, you flipped that thousand
switch in your brain. You buy a deal
like this, it's insane. Yeah. I'll give
you another example. I I like boring
stuff. So, I saw I found this auction.
It was, you know, Granger. Granger is
this huge equipment, huge company. Yeah.
So there's they I looked up and there
was there was like an auction for a
thousand door hinges, but they were
these specialty hinges like they put in
hotels where the hinge runs all the way
down the door. They're like super
security. They put them in apartment
buildings and stuff. Really obscure, but
I posted in my mastermind. I'm like,
"Hey, this is going to be a good deal
because no one's going to buy it." They
were all brand new. I had a guy come up,

[24:01]
were all brand new. I had a guy come up,
one of the guys I work with, he says,
"Okay, I just checked the scrap value
and it's probably $3,000 for aluminum."
cuz they're aluminum. And so he's like,
"All right." He's like, "I'm going to go
ahead and bid." And I'm like, "Do it,
dude. This is a great deal." He wins the
the auction for if you buy the hinges,
they're $220 each. Okay. There was a
thousand. It's
$220,000. He bought the load for $985
bucks. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And so Jim then
gets on the phone, calls the hinge
company when they seven pallets of
hinges he gets. And he calls the hinge
company, says, "Hey, funny story. I just
bought these yet." and they go, "Oh,
matter of fact, we're out. We don't have
any right now. Let me give you the name
of a sales rep because I'm sure we have
clients that need some." Calls a client,
sells uh 200 at 40 bucks a pop, $8,000,
and he still has 800 in stock. These
deals are happening every single day.
Gosh, this is like I always post this
that that industrial thing that 1.8

[25:01]
that that industrial thing that 1.8
million that sold for 13. My first line
in the post was, "I swear this is true.
People don't believe it." But then I
just show it. I'm like, "Look here. This
is it." And it's it's insane. In full
transparency, I will say to the
listeners, Shannon's not paying me. I'm
not paying him. We're just friends. And
I want you guys to have amazing info.
His mastermind is $5 a month. Yeah, it's
five bucks. And And I don't get anything
from these auction companies. Btock. I
don't I make nothing. I' I've done this
for 25 years and it's so fun. I can't
stop talking about it. You know, my poor
wife because I come in, I'm all, look at
this deal. That's crazy. Oh my gosh.
Yeah. And and just that is incredible.
He could have sold it for scrap value
and tripled his money. That's it. So the
the way I look at these auctions, the
way I always think about them, the first
question I ask is, what do I have to do
just to get my money back? That's all
I'm thinking about because I'm going to
invest. I'm trying to learn something
new cuz I don't know anything about
these industrial products, but can I can
I protect my

[26:01]
I protect my
$13,000 in investment and then wind up
with thousands of other things that I
can sell for the next year or two?
Another good example is Coler, you know,
the plumbing people. I They make like
lights and sinks and all kinds of stuff
for homes, too. I posted about this on
X. Let me just read you this. This one
auction.
$23,988 sold for 500 bucks. Brand new.
This is all brand new stuff. It's like
bathroom faucets, sinks, lighting.
36,533 sold for 2,300. All brand new.
And the way you sell this stuff is I
don't want to sell it one at a time, but
I want to go out to contractors, house
flippers, real estate agents, designers,
and sell this stuff for 20% of what
colar is. And you're buying it at five
cents on the dollar. Yeah. And it's all
brand new, and it gets delivered to you
can have it delivered to your house.
most accessible form of entrepreneurship
in my opinion is reselling some unless
you're you know you're going to build a
an app or some kind of you know people

[27:01]
an app or some kind of you know people
that are far smart I'm just a simple man
I just buy and sell yeah do you have
like a a mathematical equation that you
look at like okay I need to buy 5 cents
on the dollar I need to sell at 20 cents
on the dollar I'm going to gross 4x my
money I want to net 2x my money I use a
thing called I call it the product
equation where you plug in the math and
it's just a big fancy you know
spreadsheet
You know, you take what the store price
they say it's worth and you cut that in
half because it's always a lie. Costco
is it's not a lie when Costco does it
because they don't typically discount
very much. So that's why they're much
safer to buy from. But I cut that in
half and I was like, "Okay, well I want
I'm going to pay no more. If I really
want it, I'm going to pay 20% of half."
So you know, so if it's so basically
about 10% including shipping landed to
my door 10 10%. That that you are just
you're very safe but but you're not you
you can't do it if you're not willing to

[28:00]
you can't do it if you're not willing to
work. It's not passive income. I would
never tell anybody. It's hard, you know.
It's difficult but very rewarding. Yeah.
But it takes consistency. It takes
learning the system. But man, it's fun,
man. And everybody I talk to about it is
always like, "How did you get this? My
whole house is full of this stuff." I
bought $12,000 worth of patio furniture
last year for like 800 bucks. They were
doing free shipping. Costco does free
shipping days like Wow. three, four
times a year. If you're with within 300
miles of one of their distribution
centers, everything you buy, they
deliver for free. And you know, I bought
like 12 pallets worth of Blackstone
grills. Every buddy of mine got a
Blackstone grill for 100 bucks. And then
I bought, you know, furniture, fire
pits, all these umbrellas. Is that where
my Solo Stove came from? No, I we're
special. That was customized.
Co-founders, but I love the Solo Stoves,
man. Those things are amazing. I Yeah,
I've used the heck out of it. Yeah,
that's crazy. Now, did all that
furniture sell? I didn't sell any of it.

[29:01]
furniture sell? I didn't sell any of it.
I live I sat on it. I sit on it outside
of my house. So, I put some at my house.
I own vacation rentals, so we use them
for vacation rentals. And so it's
another way to save an incredible amount
of money on stuff. And you picked a
category like if you want to sell
clothing, just you want to sell NFL,
Major League Baseball, and NBA. Hot.
Great. We we bought a deal. It was about
almost 20,000 pieces of that product,
all brand new. And we paid $28,000 for
it because my wife wanted a project
after we sold Czech restore. And I'm
like, let's buy this deal. And I made a
terrible mistake because I didn't scroll
the or you know sometimes in
spreadsheets they collapse the cells you
know when they send it to you a little
bit. I didn't expand it. And after I
bought it and I still I'm like oh this
is going to be a great deal. It turned
out they were like giant. They were like
three tripx 4x 5x 6x huge. I was like oh
man I've made a terrible mistake. You
know just because the cells weren't
expanded on those columns. I blew it. I

[30:00]
expanded on those columns. I blew it. I
was in a rush. I was kind of scrolling
through. Yeah. And I was like, man,
we're going to lose. Who's going to buy
this product? This 5X kind of thing. But
it turned out, if you're like a Chicago
Bears fan and you're 5X and you want a
jersey, do you think you can just go
down to Dick Sporting Goods and buy one?
Yeah. No, you got to pay up, too. They
were hot. Yeah, they were. So, the first
thing I did was I got on the phone
because I wanted to get my my $28,000
back and I sold like 5,000 pieces. Got
my 28 grand back. It left us 13,000
pieces to sell. And we sold them. We
bought the deal for 28,000 and sold it
for 103. Oh my goodness. And we did it
in our garage because I my building was
gone and my wife just shipped it out and
just like, oh, put it in a USPS envelope
and this is repeatable stuff, man. My
mind is like buzzing right now. I had
mine too. I start talking very excited
about it. How much of this So it's like
buying is easy, right? Relative
reselling is the hard part. How much of
selling is just being on phone calls

[31:01]
selling is just being on phone calls
with the right people? Yeah. So, I
always have a a phrase I I call it the
first law of auctions is never buy
anything unless you know what you can
already sell it for. So, you want to use
like eBay product research that that
service is free up there. Used to they
used to charge for it when it was Terrap
Peak, but now it's free. So, you can
search three years of all kinds of of
data on what it sold for on eBay, how
many that that's a great place to start.
But the one thing people don't do is
nobody likes to pick up the phone,
right? They everything's, oh, I'm just
going to email him with this and that.
But if you pick up the phone, you can
really learn a lot. And so I called like
when that NFL deal, I called like small
sporting places, like sports cards
place, comic book places, small like uh
team supply places. And I found out that
for them to buy some of these jerseys,
they were like 80 bucks, you know, and
my cost was like a $140, right? And what
are they selling them for? Well, they
sell them for like, I don't know, these

[32:00]
sell them for like, I don't know, these
jerseys for like $120 or something like
that. Wow. And so I was like, "Hey, I
can sell you these jerseys for like $30,
you know, and they were like, "Yeah, I
want to buy some." You know, so you just
have to keep calling. And most of the
calls they won't answer or they just
say, "No, I'm not interested." But one
person can change your entire life.
Yeah. With that one single phone call.
And these deals are are repeatable. So
you don't have to rush in. Like if you
see a deal on something one week, you
should start researching, not buying.
That's when you go, "Oh, there's a
company called Alpha Broader. You
probably never heard about it." Heard of
it. They sell $2 billion worth of
imprintable clothing per year. These are
the broader. Yeah. Alphabroer. A L.
Yeah. Alpha and the BR O. Okay, there it
is. Imprintable apparable. Let's that's
just like ready to be printed on. Yeah.
Every almost every custom print, you
know, online shirt, whatever place. Yes.
They use they use these guys, right?

[33:00]
They use they use these guys, right?
They provide all this stuff. So, I
started seeing their auctions come up
and it's because I'm I this is what I
do. I study, you know, I don't I don't
watch Netflix. I watch auctions. And so,
I just I'm like, who are these people? I
didn't know anything about them, but I
noticed that there was an auction with
all brand new jackets, clothing, polo
shirts, and stuff. And this auction, it
was
$116,929. And the bid was a
hundred. Somebody had a $100 bid and I
was like, well, this is weird. So, I
just watched it and it sold for like I
think about 230 bucks. It was like eight
pallets of It was five pallets. Yeah,
I'm looking at it right now. And in the
old days, I would be like, I'm buying
this right now, but I have vowed not to.
I'm trying to simplify my life and I'm
sharing this with other people. I'm
like, all right, I'm going to go post
this because this is nuts. Well, they've
they've had auctions every week like
this. There's another batch of clothes
today. That's how you start studying.
You get on the phone and you call or you

[34:01]
You get on the phone and you call or you
go up on social media and say, "Who's in
the imprintable clothes business?"
Because I had a guy come up in my
comments. He's like, "Hey, I know this
other guy that does this." You're like,
"Yeah, connect him." you know, let let's
let's figure it out. So, you have time
to study. There should be no rush rush
rush. It's like, okay, I'm learning this
clothing market. You don't want to sell
stuff one at a time really. I mean, you
may want to, maybe if it's NFL gear or
something, but this stuff you want to
sell to other companies and other and
you know, to uh custom ink or one of
those t-shirt, printable, whoever you
want to call them. Any of the 30,000
local screen printers in the country,
right? Like you could go to outs
scraper, scrape all those. You could get
the cell phone numbers. You could text
them all. Yes, maybe nine out of 10
won't believe you, but you have a
manifest. So, you actually have the
list. You're like, "Hey, look, I have
and and you have to have a good story."
And and the story just tell them the
truth. Hey, I'm I'm in the resale
business and I get all these
opportunities and I got this opportunity
across my desk. Would you guys ever buy
this stuff? This one's already gone.
Somebody already bought it because Okay,

[35:01]
Somebody already bought it because Okay,
now you got scarcity. No, because they'd
be like, "Oh, I want this one." You're
like, "Oh, sorry, but but next week I
think I'm going to get another load of
this. I'm going to get you." you know,
what would you pay for this stuff? And
you know, they sell these stuff for 30
bucks, 40 bucks, 60 bucks for some of
these jackets and stuff. So, you say you
let them set the price. It's like, well,
the most I could pay for these would be
five bucks a piece. And you go, wow,
man, that's low. Okay. And you leave and
then you go back and you buy them for a
dollar or 50 cents and then you call
that guy back.
Okay, I'll do five bucks. Yeah. You
know, I I I got it for you, man, because
I really enjoyed our conversation. Yeah.
I can I can sell it to you for five
bucks and you make $50,000. All right,
come back one week from today for part
two, which is even better than part one.
I promise.