[00:00]
Over the last two weeks, I've talked to
30 entrepreneurs who are using AI in
their business. Because of that, I now
understand the use cases that they're
using it for. Chat GPT as a general
thought partner, Claude coding partner,
Perplexity Research. Everyone I spoke to
who actually uses these models, they
were like, "It's as good as deep
research and it's real time. Gemini
workflows within the Google suite.
There's a ton of good ideas, not a lot
of good execution. Stay close to the
money. Build something that people can
use to directly make more money. That
will have the highest likelihood of
succeeding. the number one use case for
it right now.
You know what I love about Chad GBT? I
just realized this and you might have
had a different experience and it may
change because incentives aren't
aligned. It is not biased. Like if I ask
it about Republicans or Democrats or the
Mormon church or the Catholic Church or
seed oils or health or carbs versus fats
versus proteins, I really feel like it's
unbiased. Like it is a superpower. So,
here's one example. I saw this Instagram
reel. And do you know what ghee is? G h

[01:01]
reel. And do you know what ghee is? G h
e?
No. It's like a a clarified butter. It's
like a different version of butter that
we've been using for hundreds of years.
It's whole food. It's healthy. It's it's
like an alternative to seed oils or
canola oil or butter. So, I saw this
stupid Instagram reel that was saying
basically ghee is unhealthy actually and
canola oil is healthier than ghee. And
I'm like, "Oh my gosh, what are we
doing?" Like there's so much info out
there that like literally no one knows
what to eat cuz you don't know who to
believe because you don't know who has
the incentive to say whatever. So I went
to Chad GBT40 and I said, "Who paid for
this study that says replacing ghee with
canola oil is better?" So this is what I
said. Who who paid for this? Right? And
it's like great question. Here's the
deal with most of those canola is better
than ghee studies. Many are funded by
big food or a companies. example studies
in the past that have been backed by
groups like the canola Council of
Canada, American Heart Association or
Unilever, like literally like Coke and

[02:01]
Unilever, like literally like Coke and
Pepsi are funding the American Heart
Association, right? So then they put out
these studies that are like Coke is
actually good for you. It's like but
like ChatGpt has no bias because there's
nothing to click. The incentive is
there. Whereas if I Google the same
thing, like the incentives are for me to
click on stuff. So, I I still can't
believe what I Google, right? As
optimistic as I am, I don't think that
Chad GPT will stay like this forever
because money, right? But I love that
it's like this for now. Have you had the
same experience? I have, but a little
bit different. So, I think it's pretty
unbiased when I'm asking it semifactual
questions, but I do think it's biased
when I'm asking it for feedback. And
this is either it's bias or I'm
insecure. Because whenever I ask her for
feedback on something that I'm doing or
about me, I feel like it's it's overly
praising me, if that makes sense. Where
I'm like, "Hey, take a look at this post
I wrote. What do you think?" This post
is fire. Fire emoji, by the way, open.

[03:01]
is fire. Fire emoji, by the way, open.
Can we cut the emojis? Like, what's
happening? Why are there so many
freaking emojis? I hate them. Anyways,
this post is fire. And I'm like, how
would you rate it? I would rate it a 9.5
out of 10. And it's like, okay. And then
I have to go back to like you're a
neutral third party. Your job is you
know content management everything it
wants you to hear. Right. Right. Right.
So to to me that's where I am seeing
bias is like it says what it thinks that
I want to hear and there are times where
like I I want it to be totally unbiased
and like give me an actual opinion of
what it thinks of my business plan or
this post or the argument that I'm
making with my lawyer. You know what I
mean? And so anyways, that that's the
only piece that I would say I'm I do see
it biased. It's funny cuz I'm I'm going
to directly contradict myself and it's
like it's not that it's unbiased, it's
just biased in a different way. There
there's always incentives. It's
impossible to remove incentives.
OpenAI's incentive is to keep us using
Jad GBT, right? So it's like the bias is
not clicked on this study. It's like

[04:00]
not clicked on this study. It's like
make sure Nick never churns, right? We
want to keep Nick happy, you know?
Right. I have a custom GPT where in the
GPT prompt, I'm like, you're a
hard-nosed, nononsense content
specialist. I need you to give me direct
advice because bad advice is terrible. I
I give an analogy about being on the
warfield. Warfield, I'm so stupid. Being
on the being on the battlefield and uh
you know, field generals need to have
not only real-time information, but
accurate information to make good
decisions, otherwise bad things happen.
So like I give it that analogy of like
this is why I need you to give me good
good information because I need to make
good decisions. And so that GPT is great
because it gives me sort of unfiltered
responses. But it's it's when I'm just
like trying to ask it a generalized
question that it's definitely biased.
I'm kind of debating if I should say
this part next part or not.
Say it. Say it. I don't think I want to.
I don't think I want to. Relationship
advice. Have you like with your spouse?

[05:02]
advice. Have you like with your spouse?
Have you used it for that? No. But like
what do you use it for,
dude? Like I'm going to say this. You
and I have talked about we each have
superpowers. When you have a
superpower, you have to know when to use
it and when not to use it. And you also
have to recognize that you can use your
superpower for evil. Mhm.
To me, the reasoning that Chat TPT has,
like, let's say you have an argument
with your spouse and you're trying to
get your way where it can help you frame
an argument
is is out of this world. And then it's a
very unfair fight because you you're not
citing to your wife chat GPT according
to No, you're not doing No, you're not
citing. You're like, well, that's an
interesting point, honey, because I
would think that you would want to do X,
Y, and Z based on your pre, you know
what I And she's like, "Well, that's a
yeah, that's a really good point." And
meanwhile, you're like looking down at
your phone. You're like, "She said it

[06:00]
your phone. You're like, "She said it
was a good point. What do I do
now? What? This has never happened. She
said I'm smart. What's happening right
now?" Dude, I have been very impressed
with how Chad GPT has handled like
relationship advice with my spouse. And
I've I've never we've never seen like a
marriage counselor or a therapist or
really talked to anyone. Like we've got
a good marriage, right? But I've just
been asking it some things and it has
been so helpful and it I feel like it's
advice that like a very expensive very
very good marriage counselor would give
and it's literally made our marriage
better and she has no
idea. She has no idea. But it's the
perfect use case for it. Right. And if
you're like if you're trying to come at
it from a genuine way and you're like
look I'm going to try to give you all
the facts that I can help me understand
it. Then you're getting like this
impartial third party and you're like,
"Well, it's AI." So like if AI thinks
I'm being a prick, yeah, I guess I am
being a prick about that, right? Or vice

[07:00]
being a prick about that, right? Or vice
versa. And it's it's pretty incredible
with the way if you give it enough
context, right? Because you and I might
have a disagreement. I might give it all
the context in the world and just be
like, "Yeah, Nick, you're right." And
then you might have the same
disagreement. Put your It doesn't want
Nick to churn. It doesn't want Chris to
turn. Well, it doesn't want It doesn't
want me to turn, but also I'm just
giving it my context. Yeah. And then you
do the same thing. Your side of the
story, right? Like if you feed it biased
info, it's going to give you biased
info. Yeah. The trick is I would like to
start using figuring out a way to use
this for mediation
in business disputes. I think would be
really fascinating if everybody just had
if everybody just had the the um
which I ordered by the way. Oh, awesome.
And it's like it's like, okay, upload
all your Limitless data. Now, you'd have
to have two parties who are like okay
with everything being uploaded, but that
in and of itself would be a tell, right?
Where you're like, oh, this guy doesn't
want it uploaded. What's going on? But
it's like, all right, take all of the
side of their story, answer all the

[08:01]
side of their story, answer all the
information, cuz that's essentially what
an arbitrator is doing anyways. Yeah,
that's really good. You just create a a
fresh chat GPT account, and the two
people could sit side by side, say,
"Here's my side of the story. Here's my
side of the story." And then they both
agree like what the prompt is, right?
Okay. And it's it's neither one of their
accounts. And you just hit enter and see
what happens. Now, the hard part would
probably be agreeing what the prompt is,
right? Yeah. And just like any other
mediation, the hard part would be
actually agreeing on the output. Cuz
even if we're in a mediation and it
sides with you, I'm going to be like,
"What?" Well, it didn't take stupid
doesn't know what it's talking about.
Yeah. But I do think if you're a
mediator and your business is mediation
for those types of businesses, your
bottleneck is you. It's your time
essentially because you're an agency and
you can only bill as much as you can
actually go out and meet with clients.
If you could use chat tpt to build a
rapper or to build a prompting system to
get that information
quicker so that you save an hour per
mediation like then all of a sudden you
can take on 20 more clients a month.

[09:01]
can take on 20 more clients a month.
Like you just you just grew your
business in a way that's AI enabled.
That would be a really really cool use
case. That is cool. You and I talked
about this idea, I don't know, a couple
weeks ago where it's just like buy
Limitless Pendant and give it to
somebody almost like a lead magnet to
get into their business and you're
already doing this because you're
recording everything at some point. The
ability of these models to digest more
data is going to happen. Mhm. So what's
what becomes the limiting factor in how
well these models will get to know you
and be your own personal assistant? The
limiting factor will be data.
Compute power. Yeah. Or or the ability
to process or you know what I mean? Or
the ability because what's happening
right now is it may have this massive
data set but it's it's optimizing for
speed and so it's only looking for
certain whatever. At some point it's
going to get way better and the only the
limiting factor is going to be the
amount of data that you have to input it
into the system for it to then tailor
itself to you. So I don't have a
business model off of this. I just think

[10:01]
business model off of this. I just think
using chat GBT, using a limitless
pendant where you're recording every
conversation that you have, this just
creates more and more and more data so
that when it's there, it's fed in and
you're accelerated even faster. Yeah.
Can we barbell this for a minute and go
offline? Yeah. So, you see my tweet
about the podcast Billboard? Yeah.
Putting up. So, that's been a lot of
fun. It won't go live for like two or
three weeks, but I used AI to generate a
bunch of phrases, right? So, you saw
that I shared my screen. I put the
podcast art on the left, kerner office
in the middle, icons to YouTube,
Spotify, Apple podcast, and then like a
catchy slogan at the top. So, I had
Simon make 34 of these. They all look
the exact same except for the catchy
slogan at the top is all different. Two
to five words. Like, you only have so
much time to read a billboard, right?
And so the catchy slogans that I'm
testing
are your dream is dying. Sell stuff not
ours. 9 to5s kill dreams. Own your time.

[11:02]
ours. 9 to5s kill dreams. Own your time.
Never job again. Jobs or jail. Delete
LinkedIn. Work sucks. Escape the grind.
Fire your boss. Still rat
racing. And uh what was the last one?
Oh, then there was best business
podcast. and then quit your job with an
exclamation point. And then there's a
bunch of others, but I started Facebook
ads that are all the exact same. It's
just like the Kerner Office podcast.
Title, text, description, they all say
the same thing. The Kerner Office
podcast, the audience, the four counties
in and around where the billboard will
be. And then I exclude anyone that's
ever interacted with my content. So,
they don't follow me. They've never seen
my video. And they live in those
counties because that's bias. the people
driving by don't know who I am. Right.
Right. Right. Right. And then I just run
the ads on any meta platform, Meta
thinks, Messenger, marketplace,
Instagram, it chooses. And then I just
look at the clicks. Lowest cost per

[12:00]
look at the clicks. Lowest cost per
click wins. And then I get because it's
950 bucks to print that billboard. The
image that I'm using on on the Facebook
ad is literally a picture of the
billboard with like trees in the
background instead of just the image,
you know? Mhm. And it's 18 plus, any
gender in those counties that don't know
who I am. What do you think? I think
it's amazing. I have an idea for it as
well. I know we're offline, but I'm
going to take it back to AI. I used AI
to generate most of those phrases. By
the way, what I like to do with AI when
I'm like creating a title for a video is
I'll be like, generate me the 10 best
titles and rank them. And then I'll like
iterate from there. I would take all of
your pictures and I would go to chatpt
Grock, Claude, Gemini, four of them,
upload them and say, "Rank these from
what you think would be most to least
effective. See what the four models spit
out and then compare it to the actual
results from Facebook ads." Yeah. Well,

[13:00]
results from Facebook ads." Yeah. Well,
I'm just going to do it with the phrases
because all the pictures are the same.
Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, like I think
that would be a really really cool case
study of like, all right, I'm I'm trying
it with real humans. This AI has been
trained on the totality of human
whatever experience. Which one of them
wins? Or which how accurate is it?
Because then in the future, if it's
like, oh, they were they all said the
same five and those were actually the
five that won. It might save you time,
you know, running Facebook ads in the
future. Yeah, I like that. It's
interesting. I I didn't exclude my
audience at first and I started running
the ads and the winning one was best
business podcast and that surprised me
and I was like I wonder if that's cuz
like they recognize me, they see me,
right? And I don't yet know. It's still
too early, but it just made me think
like how much power there is in
marketing to call your thing the best. I
had Greg Eisenberg on a couple weeks
ago. His story was he was walking around
Miami. He had just moved there. He walks
by a dentist and he sees a sign on the

[14:01]
by a dentist and he sees a sign on the
window that says voted best dentist. By
who? What? I don't know. I don't care.
He walks in because he saw that sign,
became a customer, been a customer for 8
years, given them tens of thousands of
dollars, referred 20 friends there
because he saw the sign. So, his idea
was like there needs to be some sort of
like a marketplace where you could get
like certified by whoever. It's a
racket. It doesn't matter. You pay 200
bucks, you get a sign. And so, it's like
I just put up this billboard. Yeah, I
think it's the best. My mom thinks it's
the best. Whatever. Best business
podcast according to Chris's mom fine
print asterisk, right? It doesn't
matter. So maybe people clicked that the
most because they knew who I was and I'm
going to find out that's actually bad
data. Maybe not. Maybe it's the winner
again and people just it's confirmation
bias. They're like, "I believe you,
internet stranger. I will now click and
listen because you said it's the best."
Hearing you talk about Greg Eisenberg
makes me think of that meme that's like
internet guy discovers rating agency.
It's like these these these things

[15:00]
It's like these these these things
exist, right? Like best business. Like
you can to they're already businesses in
and of themselves, but yeah, this cracks
me up. Well, there needs to be like for
SAS companies or for AI rappers like you
could do a rating agency for any number
of things, right? Yeah. I mean, that's
what No BS crypto was when you were
launching it, right? It's like, hey,
this is a rating agency. I don't know.
Looks like we made it. I just like that
idea a lot because you're like you're
currently competing. All of the tools,
all of the advice if you go and look at,
hey, how do I grow a podcast is do it on
someone else's newsletter, go do paid
ads, go to other podcast, brokers, go to
other podcast, right? It's like, okay,
well, everybody else is doing the same
thing. They're all doing the same exact
thing. Y and that we know that's a
strategy. Zigg while everybody's
zacking. Yeah. So, like either this is
going to be a total waste of money and
I'm prepared for that to happen because
I don't see other podcast billboards
probably for a reason or I'm going to
unlock something really cool. Right.
Right. Aren't you going to ask me how
I'm going to track if I'm getting new

[16:00]
I'm going to track if I'm getting new
balance from this? Nick, how are you
going to track? Softball me here. Set me
up. Chris, let me ask you a question.
Like, I get it, but how do you freaking
track that? It's on a billboard.
Probably with like a QR code, right? No.
QR codes are not allowed by Clear
Channel, the company I'm using for this.
Okay. Okay. So, Buzzrout is the hosting
platform that we use. You can export
your downloads by location by every
little city. So, like when I export
mine, there's like 8,500 cities that
have listened to my podcast. Sometimes
once, sometimes thousand times. Right
now, what you don't know is how many
unique listeners there are per city. You
just know how many downloads. So, 25
downloads could mean one person
downloading your podcast, 25 episodes of
it. Could mean 25 different people once
each, right? You don't know. So what I
did was I went to the bailboard will be
in Tombball, Texas, which is a city of
10,000 just north of Houston. I took
Tombal, the Woodlands, Spring, all the
cities and Houston itself in and around
Tombball and I exported every city by

[17:02]
Tombball and I exported every city by
download and then I found a percentage
like a ratio. How many downloads have I
had all time that were in Tombball and
or Houston?
0.012% of my downloads. And that's been
consistent. And so I'm just going to run
that export every week and see the raw
number and the percentage as a ratio and
see if it's climbing or not. Do you see
any any fault in that? I do see a couple
of faults like you don't necessarily
know where it is as a percentage over
time that as it's mapped. Well, I'm
going to run the export every week cuz
that's the really the only way with Buzz
Sprout you can do it. The other problem
would be it's just all attribution
related, right? Like you're looking at
this geography. Are did you capture the
right cities? What I would do, this is
just a suggestion, is I would ask chat
TPT the best way to track this and the
best way to analyze it. You can throw
data into chat TPT and then like ask it
to run a regression model and the
regression model will tell you whether
or
not that's statistically significant or

[18:02]
not that's statistically significant or
not. Cuz you could just have you could
just blow up over the next month. Let's
say you have like a couple episodes that
are amazing and it's like everybody saw
a bump, right? So of course Turnball
would see a bump. It would be
proportional in that sense. Right? In
that instance I would have to look at
the percentage not the the raw number.
You have so many downloads. You have so
much data that it would be easy to say
with confidence whether or not it's
statistically significant. And just I
would just ask chatbt. No matter what I
do it won't be exact. But no but I think
it's amazing. It would be too
coincidental if a disproportionate
amount of people in that part of Houston
suddenly started downloading my podcast.
Right. Right. What I what I wish I knew
is how many because you just don't know
how many raw people it is, how many
loyal listeners because there could be a
hundred people that listen to 5 seconds
of it once and then bounce and it could
look really good but not actually be
good. Why didn't you do the here's the
website and then have like one
letter off, right? I just don't want to

[19:01]
letter off, right? I just don't want to
mess with like URLs. I I kind of want to
go more for brand awareness. That's why
I put the image of the podcast and one
of them has tkopod.com in it. I just
want people to search for it. Another
thing you can do is you can put up
Facebook ads based on a latitude and
longitude point of the exact billboard
and it will show your ad to people that
drive by that billboard. And so then you
get double exposure, triple exposure,
the billboard even more effective, but
it will make it even harder to find the
attribution because you're adding
another variable. Right. At that point,
it's like, "Okay, I'll spend $780 for a
billboard and I'll run $1,000 worth of
Facebook and, you know, Facebook ads.
Who who cares about the attribution? I
know it works." You know what I mean?
Yeah. Cuz any Joe Schmo can run a
Facebook ad, but you don't see a lot of
billboards. It just adds another layer
of legitimacy to it, right? Yeah. And
that feeling of like, dude, I'm seeing
this guy everywhere, right? I kind of
had the thought like wouldn't it be
interesting if one of us anyone ran a
test where they took like a random city
in the middle of nowhere like Sou Falls

[20:02]
in the middle of nowhere like Sou Falls
Iowa and they ran Facebook ads like
saturated for your podcast your brand
whatever just in that city and like you
just became a freaking rockstar in that
one city and you just put them
everywhere Instagram ads Tik Tok ads
everywhere only geoenced to that city
and just I don't know go speak have an
event there like it'd be an interesting
experiment like no one else in the world
knows who you are except for Sou Falls
what if you went to chat GBT and you
said I want you to run a
contagion analysis or model only of
cities less than a million people in the
United States and tell me which city
would have the highest likelihood of
spreading this contagion the fastest. M.
So it's like, you know, it's going to go
look at De Mo. It's like, well, De Moine
actually has the most connecting flights
of any airport in the United States. So,
I don't know, right? I'm just like, it's
going to And then it's like, okay, cool.
I'm going to go target Grand Junction,
Colorado, cuz it says that of any city

[21:01]
Colorado, cuz it says that of any city
under a million people, that's the one
that would have the like worst contagion
and that's the city I'm going to go
target. So, like Vegas, like a city
Orlando where people are coming in and
out of all the time, right? Like New
York City has 20 million people anyway,
right? People are coming in and out, but
proportionally speaking, there's just a
lot of people there. But for New York
City, it's like you're or LA or San
Francisco, there's just a lot of
competitors. So standing out is going to
be hard generally speaking, right? But a
smaller market like Orlando, I don't
know, you probably have a better chance
of standing out. That'd be a cool idea.
So video is cool, but you know what's
better? long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week, very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week,
stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
tkopod.com. So over the last two weeks,
I've talked to 30
entrepreneurs who are using AI in their
business because I feel like you and I

[22:02]
business because I feel like you and I
have talked about this. There's a ton of
good ideas, not a lot of good execution.
like Replet. How many things have you
made on Replet that you haven't actually
finished? Seven. So, it's like, "Oh,
this is cool. I can build an app. This
is great." And then you get to the final
point, you're like, "Uh, how do I
actually complete it?" It's like,
"That's that last 10%." So, I've been
having conversations with people. And
it's been awesome. I've learned so much.
Like, my my brain hurts every single day
because I'm learning so much. But, there
are some really cool insights that I've
gotten out of this. So, I'm going to
share some of my findings with you
because I had chatbt take all my
findings and put them into summary for
me. Question number one, Chris, what do
you think is the most popular LLM for
people to use as their primary LLM?
CHBT. It is. What do you think is the
most popular use case? Like, what are
they using chatbt for? Writing emails
like rewarding emails. Mainly they're
using it as a thought partner. So it
could be rewriting emails generally not

[23:02]
could be rewriting emails generally not
that it's usually like hey this is I
have an idea for this how would I do X Y
and Z thing and it's like just to get
them started which was fascinating to
me. Second most used LLM. What do you
think it is? Gemini. No. Grock. Nope.
Perplexity. Nope. Claude. Claude. Dang
it. Claude. And the surprising thing
about Claude is it's actually used more
in aggregate because I asked them two
questions like what's the primary like
what's your primary favorite? And then
what are the other LLMs you use? And I
mapped it all out. Claude is actually
used more by more people than Chat GBT
is. But Chat GBT is the most preferred
if that makes sense. Mhm. Okay. What do
you think that they're using Cloud for?
I have no idea. That's like the only one
I really hardly ever use. So I have it
broken down in three tiers.
Non-technical, technical, intermediate,
and then expert. For chat GPT, the
majority of the distribution is in the

[24:00]
majority of the distribution is in the
non-technical and intermediate. For
Claude, the majority of the distribution
is in expert and intermediate. And the
main use case that I see people use it
for is coding. It's the best coding tool
like to help them actually write code.
And then the second best thing, this one
blew my mind. Its organization structure
is fantastic. So you know how chatbt has
projects. Mhm. Claude, you can set up
projects, but it you have two fields.
One is what is this project about? And
so you can write a prompt to say like
this is my content project. And then it
has files that you can upload for
context. How's that different from chat
GPT? From what I've seen, Chat GPT
doesn't have the same functionality with
the uploading of files and the reference
for each one of the threads. Maybe I'm
just not using Chat GPT. That's how I
use it.
So you upload instructions. They call it
files and instructions. And so you use
individual files for each one of your

[25:01]
individual files for each one of your
projects. Yeah. I don't always use
files, but but it can. One of the people
I I spoke to, she's a writer and she's
like Claude does a much better it's it's
a much better writer apparently and she
has this whole setup where it's like
this is my brand voice. Here are recent
projects that I've done. And so she's
like constantly changing the context so
that it's up to date. But the
interesting thing is I didn't know this.
You can only upload however big the
context window is. Does that make sense
what I'm saying? Yeah. So that was
interesting. What was the least
mentioned tool? Well, I would say Grock,
but I think that a lot of these calls
came from people on Twitter. So maybe
Gemini. Gemini. Yeah. It was the least
mentioned and everybody like dogged on
it. They're like Gemini is not good. So,
that was that was just really
interesting to me. That's interesting.
Are they dogging on it because they're
they've actually given it a fair shake
and they don't like it or they're just
it kind of has that brand around it? Cuz

[26:01]
it kind of has that brand around it? Cuz
I dog on it, but I don't really use it.
So, it could be great. They're dogging
on it not that it sucks. They're dogging
on it because it's not as good as what
else they use. If that makes sense.
They're like the claw model, Chat GPT.
And I think Chat GPT just has a head
start because so many people were using
it. The two use cases that I found out
about Gemini are if you're trying to
create workflows within the Google
suite, Gemini is the best because it
just knows Google so well. Makes sense.
So, I thought that was that was really
interesting. And then the second thing
that I thought was really interesting is
the context window. I didn't realize
this, but do you know how big the
context window is for Gemini? I looked
this up a while ago, but I can't
remember. I think Claude was the biggest
that I saw. Let's back up. The context
window is essentially how much
information you can give the model for
context of a specific question that
you're asking it. For chat it's 120,000
tokens and what that is is it's like a
300page book. Okay. For Claude it's
200,000 tokens. So it's a lot bigger
than ChatP. For Gemini it's a million.

[27:02]
than ChatP. For Gemini it's a million.
Wow. Yeah. So it's a much larger context
window. I thought that was just really
really interesting. Next finding. What
do you think was the most used
tool that that interfaced with the LLMs
that they worked with? Like feature of
the specific LLM? No, let me ask it a
different way. What do you think is the
most used AI tool that was not an LLM?
Something that I would have heard of.
Yeah, I have no idea. Cursor. Okay.
Cursor. And from several of them that
like multiple people said, I think
Cursor is going to be bigger than
Google. They were like, so Yeah, they
they were just like so in You must have
talked to some coders then. I did. I
did. I talked to a couple of coders. It
blew my mind though like on the call
with them. They were on cursor and they
were showing me you can natural language
prompt into building an actual website.
All of them who had like actual coding
knowledge crapped on replet. Yeah. Which
was really interesting to me. They're

[28:00]
was really interesting to me. They're
like replet.
Well, but I'm like, yeah, in order to
use cursor, you actually kind of have to
have some coding experience. Like you
can still you can use it at using
natural language, but it would help if
you had coding experience. Here's my
pushpull framework for for this Friday.
Usability and functionality. That's the
push pull of today. Replet is more
approachable to more people, but it's
less functional as like a coding
assistant. Whereas cursor is harder to
use for more people, but it's a more
functional coding assistant. And the
magic happens like the unicorn status
happens when you have like an Airbnb
with beautiful design, beautiful user
interface, like easy for anyone on the
planet to use yet so freaking
functional. It just works. Everything
just works. And it looks simple. Like
from the outside looking in, you assume
that it's very simply built, but on the
back end it is just a hairy mess of
complexity and it's just really good

[29:00]
complexity and it's just really good
engineering and design, right? But most
companies, 99% of companies have one or
the other. They have good UI or they
have good functionality, not both. I
agree. So, I'm going to go through
generally, broadly speaking, this is
what I found to be the use cases. Chat
GPT as a general thought partner, like
someone they're collaborating with and
like trying to figure out ideas. Claude
coding in particular, it's like that's
their coding partner.
Perplexity research, everyone I spoke to
who actually uses these models, they
were like it's as good as deep research
and it's real time, so it can go and
crawl the web in real time, which
fascinating in and of itself. Grock,
there was no like best use case, but it
just seemed like generally speaking,
everybody was impressed with Grock. The
speed and responsiveness. I don't know
if you've messed with Grock, like it
spits answers out very quickly. They're
very good. It has access to real-time
data. It's everybody's like, it's
amazing what they they've built a a top
tier model in such a short period of

[30:00]
tier model in such a short period of
time. And then Gemini is just, hey, it's
really good for the Google suite. Those
are like the general use cases that I'm
seeing people actually use. And I
thought that was those things were
fascinating. Can I give you my personal
takeaways from what you just said?
Uhhuh. I need to be thinking of using
Gemini more since I'm so embedded in the
Google Workspace, right? I just don't
think of it. We've talked about Notebook
LM a bunch. I like the contact window
size. I just don't like what it spits
out. I don't like what it gives me,
right? So, who cares how big the context
window is if it's not working with it?
Well, in my opinion, I'm using
Perplexity more and more every day. As
of today, I don't see a need to keep my
$200 a month Pro subscription because
Perplexity does deep research, which is
the only thing I'm using Pro for now. I
still like a second layer of redundancy.
I still take my prompts, my deep
research prompts, and I put them in deep
research and perplexity at the same time
because it does give me different
answers. And I I still kind of like deep

[31:01]
answers. And I I still kind of like deep
research a little better. I think it's
more thorough. It gives me a longer
answer with good relevant info. Have you
tried Gro's deep research? I've barely
even tested it. I can't really speak to
it. It's very, very good. Very good.
Surprisingly good. I should I want to
make a a YouTube video where I I take
the same prompts and put them in all
three for specifically for deep
research. So cursor, you think you need
to use cursor more? I need to use cursor
more and I need to use replet less just
because I'm I'm not able to wrap up
these projects. This is one of the
things that's been fascinating to me is
like I wanted to learn how to do these
things. So I did a
project and have you ever heard of I
hate bringing these things up to you cuz
I feel like a high schooler who's in
chemistry 101 or whatever talking to a
PhD chemist and it's like have you ever
heard of
gravity and the You did ask me what a
lead magnet was a while back. That was
offensive. Yeah. Have you ever worked in
Google Collab? Nick you. It's a good

[32:00]
Google Collab? Nick you. It's a good
thing you asked because no I haven't.
Okay. I haven't like No, I don't. Okay.
Genuine. So, I have all of these
transcripts from my podcasts and
specifically I just wanted to focus on
the AI podcast. So, what I wanted to do
and you know how this works is I want to
take all the conversations, aggregate
them and then be able to pull out
information. Okay. Mhm. But how do you
do that? The context window is on only
120,000 tokens and like four of those
transcripts are more than 120,000. It's
like I it doesn't work. So I needed to
clean the transcripts, get rid of all
the dead space, ums a timestamps, etc.,
and then get them into a format where
they would all be combined. And I had
them all saved. Yeah. What about does do
the transcripts identify who's speaking?
Yes, I kept the speaker. Okay, I did
keep the speaker because I I wanted to
know by person and I'll show you the
output that I got. But I wanted to know
by speaker who's talking and what are
they saying and why. Anyways, I don't

[33:00]
they saying and why. Anyways, I don't
know what to do and what do I do? I
literally just go to chat tpt and I'm
like, "Hey, this is what I want to do. I
want to take all these transcripts. I
want to combine them. I don't want to
clean them." And it was like, "Okay,
where are they stored?" It's in Google.
Okay, perfect. You're going to go to
Google Collab. Great. Open a new
project. Attach your your drive. Great.
I did that. and run this script. So,
Google Collab is an environment where
you can run Python script for it to
actually execute a function. So, I'm
like, uh, okay. So, it gives me the
Python script. First couple times it
doesn't work. Then I go to Claude.
Claude fixes my Python script and it
starts working. The first iteration
suck. Second iteration suck. But by the,
you know, a couple hours later, I've got
some really, really good data. In fact,
I'm going to share my screen with you.
Again, it took time for me to get to
this place. Once it was spit out, I took
it back to Chat TPT and I was like,
"Hey, please clean up this data for me.
Make it look presentable, etc." And this

[34:00]
Make it look presentable, etc." And this
is what it spit out. So now I have the
episode with the person. Okay. Interview
name, their business type, the industry,
their technical knowledge, what their
primary LLM was that they used. Oh, this
is cool. the main tasks and use cases.
This looks like an lead magnet to me.
Nate on that motivation for using these
LLM, strengths, weaknesses, the ideal
user profile, and then the key insights.
And like the key insight, I was like,
"Hey, write me a 500 character summary
of this conversation." Mhm. But then I
had to do a couple of other things. Then
I had to actually go to Zapier and
create a zap so that it would interface
with Open AI. And then I learned I could
actually just attach the API. I'm going
like real technical here, but whatever.
The API key into Google Collab, so I
didn't need Zapier anymore. But because
of that, I now have this amazing
spreadsheet with tons of conversations
with entrepreneurs who are actually
using AI and I understand the use cases

[35:00]
using AI and I understand the use cases
that they're using it for. So now I can
go to this and just ask it questions or
I don't know make a quiz that says or
tell chatbt which I've been working on.
Create a quiz for me. I'm a business
owner and I want to know which one of
these models I should use. So create a
quiz that I can decide which model to
use and it uses this information to
create a quiz for somebody so they know
which model to use. Dude, it's been just
so
fascinating to learn from these people
and see how much application there
actually is even in the limited state
that we currently see it. That's
amazing. I love that you did that
because we know that I hate hopping on
calls with people. So, you're able to do
it and enjoy it and then relay what you
learn. Yeah. The number one use case for
it right now sales for AI in general.
Mhm. Was there a selection bias? Did you
happen to talk to a bunch of sales guys
or No, they were all either owners or
coders. H and they were like, "Oh, I'm
using it for my sales team to follow up
with them. I'm using it to track leads.
I'm using it as an after hours phone
service. I'm using it as a chatbot for

[36:01]
service. I'm using it as a chatbot for
customers. I'm using it for my sales
team to prepare for calls. Like it was
just all salesreated. I thought that was
really interesting. You know what
framework that is? No. What? When you're
launching products or services, stay
close to the money, right? Stay close to
the things that directly generate
revenue and you can tie it to revenue
easily, right? So, let's say you want to
start a SAS a B2B SAS app. It's like,
oh, let's do HR. Should we do, you know,
administrative assistant? It's like no,
like build something that people can use
to directly make more money and they
know that your thing helped them
generate more money that will have the
highest likelihood of succeeding. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a great point and that's
exactly what I found with talking to
these people. It's all salesreated. All
right, what' you think? Please share it
with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner