[00:00]
Chat GPT rolled out. I started coding
myself. I'm selftaught. And then when
Replet came out, that was kind of like a
zero to one. You could go from nothing
to full-time freelancer or agency in 2
weeks. Now I run an app agency and I've
got a team of four guys. You just stay
in the game and you'll win. How do you
know like this I need to lean into this
side project or this client with all the
opportunities out there? It's really
easy. What business ideas have you seen
or had lately that can be created with
tools like these? So, there's a lot of
stuff to build.
All right, I had a new guest on today by
the name of Billy Howell. And Billy is a
vibe coder. Vibe coding is basically
using natural language like I'm talking
to you right now to talk to apps like
cursor, replet, lovable, etc. to build
stuff with code without knowing how to
code. And this guy is doing a great job
of it and I wanted to learn from him in
public with you. So, he talks about apps
that he's building, cool app ideas that
he has, how to make money on Upwork, how
to land jobs on Upwork, how to how to

[01:00]
to land jobs on Upwork, how to how to
hire people on Upwork to do work for
you, which AI coding apps to use for
which type of app projects, whether it
be a web app or mobile app, etc. You're
going to love it. Share with a friend.
We'll see you next time on the Kerner
Office. Yeah. So, tell us who you are
and what you do. I'm Billy. I make
stupid simple apps for business owners
and startups. come from a defense
consulting background. So, not really.
The two don't really make sense, but I
think any good entrepreneurship path is
kind of crazy like that. And kind of
quit defense contracting during the
pandemic, started a marketing agency
because I knew I wanted to work with
startups. Learned a lot about kind of
automations, helping clients automate
marketing operations and things like
that. as chat GPT and cursor and all
that rolled out I started coding myself
more I'm self-taught and then when
replic came out that was kind of like a
zero to one like hey I can make really
useful internal apps for my clients
without taking too much of my day up and

[02:01]
without taking too much of my day up and
it's just really fun for I think it's
fun to tinker around and like cursor
replet now I run an app agency because I
posted like a video about selling an app
and it went viral and I've got a team of
four guys now and we're making stupid
simple app. What are some examples of a
stupid simple app? The original one that
I made is just data entry for auto
mechanic coaching business. So there's
this big need. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Data entry. Pretty sexy, right? Very
I've never heard those words strung
together before. He is a successful
garage owner and he now coaches other
garage owners on how to get their texts
to see more cars and have a higher per
car revenue. He thought he needed like a
no code solution with like air table and
softer. I'm on Upwork sitting at my desk
and I'm looking at this and I'm like
okay like bluecollar guy like matter of
fact this sounds like my kind of guy and

[03:00]
fact this sounds like my kind of guy and
I'm kind of in the process of writing a
little proposal like I use for my
marketing clients I can do this for you
here's some examples and I I'm thinking
to myself I'm like hey like this is
really simple app I could just make it
in replet and so I did and I kind of
showed him I made like a demo and I kind
of took a loom and showed him both
solutions side by side his custom replet
app or what it would be like software
and air table. And the reason I did that
is because the software cost of using
that no code stack would be like 250
bucks a month for him. I was like
there's no reason you need to be paying
that. So let me build you one and then
I'll charge you 50 bucks a month to run
it. And he said I like yours better and
we went with that and it's just Yeah.
Now he has car texts put in like how
many cars they saw each week and you can
kind of track their progress. Now, at
what point during the the Upwork
application process did you build these
MVPs for him or was that early just to
get the job or was that after you had
the job? I want to say he said yes
before I did a full demo, but I I think

[04:00]
before I did a full demo, but I I think
I also may have just made something in V
0 because it takes 30 seconds to
visualize what he wants. So I would say
like if you're going to try to do
something similar, you just have to find
a way whatever stack if you're using
vzero replicate cursor wind surf bolts
lovable just get good at making like a
something that's like a clickable
interface that brings their idea to life
and if you can do that in five minutes I
think it's definitely worth doing it to
make the sale. If it's your first job
and you really want it and you want to
prove yourself go ahead. All right let's
back up and educate the listeners a
little more. How would you define the
differences and similarities between v
0ero lovable bolt replet and cursor? Or
is there anything else I missed there?
Windsurf. Windsurf. So there's local
coding environments like cursor and
windsurf. They're pretty much like if
you were going to use like a VS code
like that's a place where you can like
store all your files, write code, do

[05:01]
store all your files, write code, do
terminal commands. Purser and Windsurf
are kind of like that but with an AI
chat assistant that'll write code for
you or answer questions debug little
more advanced like if you have coding
experience or an engineer you would go
that way something like Bolt or Replet
or Lovable or Vzero or browser based so
you just go on your browser and that's
kind of more beginner friendly because
you can just type in your app or like
I've done before like put in a sketch of
an app and it makes it for
You you don't have to know how to
install packages locally, what kind of
stack am I going to use to build this
app, where am I going to put the
directory, how do I demo this locally.
You don't have to know any of that. So,
it's more beginner friendly and it's
quicker to MVP with those. I'm guessing
most of our listeners are more on the
beginner phase. Not a lot of engineers
in this crowd. So if I want to build an
app like why would I choose lovable over

[06:00]
app like why would I choose lovable over
v0ero over bolt over replet or vice
versa it's a hard decision to make
because as the underlying models like
open AAI or claude that kind of power
these things change then you know both
might be better because of the the most
recent chat GPT release but then maybe
lovable is going to go down right so
they all kind of are changing so I it's
really personal preference and just
putting reps in to one that that works
with your workflow. So, what I would say
if I'm setting out to kind of start
trying to build apps either for my own
business or to sell to people or just as
a hobby, I would think of a really
simple one feature app that you want to
build and literally do it side by side
replet zero lovable bolt, whatever else
there is and try to make the same app
and see what comes out. Like see what
frustrations you run into. Maybe you
really like the UI from one like I
really like the UI from V 0ero. So a lot
of times I'll have it make UI and then
pull that into my main app in like

[07:01]
pull that into my main app in like
replet. So I would really rather than
getting kind of pigeon holed and stuck
in one, I'd try them all first if I were
to like start this over. Here's an
example just because this is an idea
that came to me today with this new 01
image generation, right? Have you played
with that at all on chat GPT? I've done
it in Yeah. Chat GBT40 whatever the
standard model. I don't know the new
like image editor they came out like a
day or two ago. Yeah, I've been seeing
it. I didn't do I have to like select
it. I guess you just have to like prompt
it, right? Like users don't really know
if they have it on their pro account
until they start like playing with it. I
was thinking it'd be interesting to have
just like a stupid simple web app where
it's just one prompt and you upload your
resume and it converts your resume into
like an infographic, right? For five
bucks or something and you just connect
the API on the back end. You connect
Stripe, email, something like that. If
you were going to build that, what would
you use and why? I would use Replet

[08:00]
you use and why? I would use Replet
probably. Okay, that's kind of my go-to
for starting point for a lot of things
because you can just get to MVP really
quickly. I know it plays nice with Open
AI, which is what I'm going to use a lot
of times. If I'm building something with
AI features, we could build an MVP
literally in like 10 minutes probably.
The hard part that it comes down to, I
guess, is that
consistent prompting, right? So I might
want to do more parsing of the resume up
front so there's less ways for the open
AI model to kind of go crazy, right?
Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I think that's a
great use case. I think you could do it
with any of the ones we mentioned
earlier for sure. I'm glad you said
replic because that's the one I'm most
familiar with. Do you find it to be
difficult getting across the last mile?
Like getting like literally a sellable
product that's published. What are your
shortcuts to that if any? It's paying
someone to do it. And I actually haven't
done this yet, but in Replet there's
like a little bounties tab where you
create a bounty or you could pay you
could pay like 150 bucks to get three

[09:01]
could pay like 150 bucks to get three
hours of dev time from I think a pool of
like agencies they work with. I need to
partner with them on this actually. I
haven't done that yet. I would go that
route if you're going to do it yourself.
The last kind of 10% is starting fresh
with the agent or pulling that code into
like a cursor or winds surf and just
talking back and forth with the agent.
Okay, look at all my pages and tell me
any concerns from a security or whatever
and doing that just like with literally
each page step by step with the AI like
a partner and being like how can we
refactor this? How can we make sure it's
tied up? It's tight. I had ready to go
like production. I hired a guy for a
bounty once, but it it didn't work out.
Like he had the same problem I did. I
guess he wasn't that great. But it
doesn't mean I can't find a better. It's
going to be hard because even the best
developer in the world, the guys I work
with say this. They're like, "Billy,
like it' be quicker rather it would take
the same time to do that last 10% from
your code than for me to just do it from

[10:00]
your code than for me to just do it from
scratch so I don't have to understand
your code in your brain." That's
frustrating, but it is what it is. the
last 10%. It doesn't even take as long
as the first 90%. It takes longer than
the first 90%. I'm I'm on it right now
with a client that I think I was
supposed to rap with like two weeks ago.
Yeah. Okay. And it's a little bit of
perfectionism, too, where sometimes like
you'll get it to the client and they'll
be like, "This is great." And it's only
going to be like two people using it,
but then you're like, "Oh, but like what
about this like edge case? What about
this edge case?" And especially when you
start thinking like, "How are we going
to scale this?" Then you get into those
I really need to fix this. But like the
approach of selling B2B to for really
niche things where one or two people are
going to use it. I think it's really
easy to get to that last 10% right
because you're not thinking about crazy
edge cases and redundancies and all that
for at scale just minimizes complexity.
What like business ideas have you seen
or had lately that can be created with

[11:02]
or had lately that can be created with
tools like these? Is there anything that
you're excited about or that you've seen
in the marketplace that excited you? I'm
excited about everything all day. That's
there's too much. I can't sleep because
I want to be doing personal projects and
projects for friends, projects for
clients, projects for proposals, right?
So, there's a lot of stuff to build. I
tell people all the time, I kind of just
sound like a broken record here, but I
don't start with direct to consumer if
it's your first app. Like, do not. It is
a money pit, a pit of despair. You don't
have enough confidence in yourself
probably if you're just starting out to
understand what to build without bunch
of people on Twitter or your friends
telling you, "Well, you should do this
and you should do this." They don't know
what you should build, right? Like they
they don't even know their own
preferences. So, you need to get someone
who's going to pay you money to build
out features and then like have them use
it and get feedback, right? That's how
you start building an app. then maybe

[12:00]
you start building an app. then maybe
you could do you could resell a similar
implementation, but everyone wants
little custom tweaks. So, I think it's
better to get good with like using the
same stack of AI tools and maybe like
your design components and then just
sell kind of customized ones to other
people. And so, I've totally rolled over
your question there, which is like
what's an idea you're excited about? But
every kind of white collar business
owner needs a smaller CRM. Like they're
tired of HubSpot. I'm tired of HubSpot.
It does too much. The pricing is opaque.
As a CEO, like I shouldn't be spending
all my time figuring out pricing models
and passwords for three different
integrations, right? So, I'd rather pay
up front to have something that I that's
mine that just does a CRM for real
estate or car dealerships or something,
right? Like your CRM that has only the
features that you want and use, right?
And then everyone wants custom document

[13:01]
And then everyone wants custom document
templating, right? It sounds like the
easiest thing in the world. Like, but
everyone still just uses Google Docs and
it's sloppy and messes up. I could
automate anything. I could automate a
horse. I don't know. And I still
manually do the Google Docs thing
because it's too fiddly to log in
somewhere and then go to my templates,
right? It's it's it's just hard. It's
too many clicks. Docs new, right? What
do you mean by a document template? Like
what would that look like? What would be
a use case for that? Think about
templates that are for a business. Like
you're starting a new client, right? And
you've got a bunch of documents you need
to fill out. some he needs to sign, some
you need to sign, but they're
overlapping fields with like client
name, my my name, date, address, stuff
like that. So like putting in instead of
pulling down a boilerplate document from
like docu sign or whatever, just
uploading your own documents that you've
been using in cooldock and then being
able to like use those over and over,
right? It's like a custom docuign pretty
much. What are you working on right now

[14:01]
much. What are you working on right now
as like a side project that you're
excited about and why? Okay, so I've got
a good one actually that I need to
finish. Again, it's that last 10%,
right? I'm trying to do like Stripe
integration and I'm fighting with old
code from when I wasn't as well
practiced and the models were all
different. So, I might just nuke it and
start from scratch. But it's Chad GPT.
It's a recipe generator. I've got recipe
generator.com.
What? How did you get that? Well, I
think there's a hyphen in there or
generate generate hyphen recipes.com.
Okay. Okay. Generate hype. So, I had
been finding myself like, you know, you
don't like with your with your fiance or
your wife. Are you married? Yeah. Do you
like figuring out what to eat is like
the oldest problem. It's been a thing
for 200 years. So, we would just go in
and literally just put here's the
ingredients we have in a chat GBT. Make
us a recipe. And it worked. And like we
would like make sauces we would have
never thought of before. I made an
interface where you can go in and save

[15:02]
interface where you can go in and save
those recipe cards and then share them
with people. And it's super it's sick.
And I think I'm I'm trying to charge
just like 25 cents per recipe or
something instead of having you pay per
month because that's annoying. Like you
want I want less SAS, right? I want less
recurring SAS in the world for people.
So that's kind of what I'm really
excited about that I'm trying to Is that
out there yet? Yeah, if you go to
generate recipes.com, if you go there,
you can use it just for one recipe and
then it'll say you need to pay and I
haven't set up the payments yet. So, now
Billy, you just told us to not do
consumer apps. So, we're doing here.
This is one where I found myself. This
is a solution for me, right? To save
myself like I want I want to have these
recipes to reuse, right? Instead of just
losing them in my chat GPT app, I want
to store them. Yeah. So, it was for me.
So, and you're right. I did tell you not
to do consumer apps, but I'm not that
the reason it's not finished working yet

[16:00]
the reason it's not finished working yet
is because no one's paying me to do it,
right? So, that's why it's not time. You
did say that you're eating your own dog
food. And then the other one I found is
that I like to do gardening and stuff.
And so, like I have all these different
little plants like succulents and little
bonsai trees that I move inside and then
move outside every spring. And I super
like just micromanage them and end up
killing half of them. So, what I do is
like every day I log I take a picture in
a chat GPT of like a plant I'm having
trouble with and I'm like, does this
look better or worse? Like, what should
I do? And I really want to go back and
see how it's changed over time, but then
I'm scrolling through my photos app and
there's plants, screenshots, pictures of
my fiance, you know, random stuff. So, I
just want to be able to scroll and see
how like my bonsai or whatever plant is.
Yeah, like a time lapse. Time lapse,
right? And so I made like a demo of
that, but it sucks. So I need to like
remake it so it's good and I think it
would be super useful. I would use it
every day and other people would. I mean
that can be an idea, but I don't want to

[17:00]
that can be an idea, but I don't want to
do marketing. You know, that's the thing
with consumer apps. But like if you're
solving a problem for yourself, you're
solving it for others. Someone could
build a time-lapse app for faces where
you could just upload pictures selfies
of yourself over all the years and it
could just show you like a time-lapse
video of yourself just cuz people are
vain and they'd probably find it
interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Do you
use like a specific API or LLM for
images specifically a preference? So,
no. That was something I was wanting to
figure out, but now that like kind of
the general open AI model is so good at
it. I would say probably if Open AI has
a machine vision, I would use that
model. I don't know if that exists
publicly, but right now like the general
allpurpose chat GPT, I think it does it.
So that's what I would start with. I
think talk about your your Upwork
process. Like how do you find alpha on
Upwork? How do you find customers? How
could people that have no knowledge of
Upwork, no account, log in, create an
account, get their first job, maybe it's

[18:00]
account, get their first job, maybe it's
free, and then like get more jobs and
then leverage those little, you know, 50
or $500 jobs into higher ticket jobs.
That's a good one. I'm going to look up
this guy because Nick SV, he's got
really good YouTube videos from if
you're an automations developer, how to
set up your Upwork profile. I would say
watch that video. Basically, what he's
going to tell you is like do a
professional headsh shot, shoulders up.
If you're near a major metro area, put
that as your location instead of some
suburb no one's ever heard of, right?
So, do Washington DC instead of
Arlington for me. The next step, so once
you kind of got your profile set up,
like the ne next step is to just
randomly go on during the week because
it's all about timing. That's like the
main thing is you want to catch people
when they're excited about posting your
job listing. Like think about from their
side and as an exercise, you should set
up an Upwork like client account and try
posting a job just to go through the
process and you'll learn. But think
about it. So you want to catch someone
right when they're excited about the
project. And that just means you need to
check. You could try to do all these

[19:01]
check. You could try to do all these
automations to alert you and automate
stuff, but I think really it's just
timing and then get really good at doing
a tight proposal. The thing that will
set you apart always is to record a loom
so they see your face, see that you're
real. A lot of people who are hiring
online have been burned in the past. So
they want to see that you're
trustworthy. A lot of people are also
conscientious about am I hiring outside
of the US. A lot of people have been
like tricked with like VPNs to hiring
people they thought were in the EOS and
then they weren't and they might have
been a little lower quality. So just
kind of reassuring people on that stuff
goes a long way on Upwork, right? and
literally just scroll through stuff that
you've worked on and show them. A lot of
people will just ask like, "Can you show
me some anything you've built just so I
believe that you can do this?" Because I
guess a lot of people are hiring people
who say they can do stuff and they
can't. I've been hiring on Upwork for
like 12 years since it was ODesk and I
even have like a creator account. What's
the other side of the marketplace

[20:00]
the other side of the marketplace
called? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have that
account too because I' I've played
around and like you like you said you
can learn so much having an account on
both sides of it. You can just learn
what your competitors are doing. I like
logging in as what is it called? Like a
client the clients client and there's
freelancer and then there's like agency
is a third one that not many people do.
So, like if you log in as a freelancer
and just start trolling jobs, like you
said, even if you have no desire to
actually make money on Upwork, you can
learn so much. Like you can learn
competitive intelligence on what people
are doing. Like this, I saw this one job
posting was like, I need you to walk
around the city and take pictures of
cars in parking lots and upload them to
an app. And I was just like, what are
they getting at? Like, what are they
doing? What is the play there? you know,
like I'm just so curious. It's you can
learn a lot from doing that. Anyway,
what I was saying is over the last 3
years, the bot from like the business

[21:00]
years, the bot from like the business
side of Upwork are out of control. Like
I'll I'll post a job and I'll have like
15 applications within five minutes with
like this much text. And I put at the
very top of my application, don't a use
AI. Like don't use AI. If it's chat GBT,
I'm going to ignore you. Put this
keyword, put the word orange in in your
application. all this it doesn't matter
like how do you stand out from all those
bots? I have the same experience and I
wish platforms again I don't want to
make fun of Upwork too much but whatever
platform would build that in you where
not even like they are checking to see
if someone's a bot but you could just
say hey if the response doesn't have
this in it filter it out that would be
nice yeah so video is cool but you know
what's better form audio via podcast and
my newsletter
tkopod.com go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter it's one email a
week very tactical and then go to my
audio podcast three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. The thing for you if you're
a freelancer trying to land a job is you

[22:02]
a freelancer trying to land a job is you
can't be squeamish about using connects
to boost your proposal. So in Upwork you
can pay it's like 15 cents per connect.
It's like a currency and whoever has the
you have to spend a minimum amount to
submit a proposal but then it's like a
you get bumped to the top if you spend
the most and you can see what other
people bid. So I just don't even think
about it. I I spend the money every time
if it's something I want to go for
because it's just worth it. If you're
spending, you know, three to four bucks
on a proposal, that's a great CPA for a
potentially thousand job and like
lifetime relationship if you're doing
that kind of work. What type of like
non-obvious things do you look for in
jobs that you apply for? Like I say
maybe the obvious ones are like you want
to see someone that has some sort of a
hiring history. You don't want this to
be their first job because they might
flake out, right? Yeah. Look for how
much money they've spent on Upwork. Make
sure they've spent a couple thousand
dollars. And I think freelancers can

[23:00]
dollars. And I think freelancers can
rate them so they have like a star
rating. Read enough proposals, you'll be
like, is this person writing like kind
of defensively or like do they sound
like a tire kicker? Right? You'll kind
of get an idea of that tone. Someone
who's like has too much like weird
requirements up front. Like I think
those are the main tips really is is
like think like does this sound like
something a good client would write and
have they hired people in the past? You
can see what kind of rates they're
hiring people for in the past. So if
they're only hiring people for $5 a day,
probably they don't want to pay you for
your time. Assuming you're going to be
charging more than $5 a day if you're
doing this kind of work. The other tip I
would say, you talking about taking
pictures of the cars kind of made me
think of this thing you could do to find
out what to build and who to build it
for is think of companies or business
owners that you have existing
relationships for. Think about what
technology keywords or just workflow
keywords they have. Look those up in
Upwork both on the client side and the

[24:01]
Upwork both on the client side and the
freelancer side. So see what kind of
jobs are getting posted from their
industry and then see what kind of
freelancers have because on freelancer
pages you can have a bio and then like
offtheshelf like like packages for like
an existing job type. So you can find
out like what kind of services and then
go pitch them to your buddy or your
friend in the community or whatever. And
then you've got that you know
competitive advantage because you're
sitting in front of them and you're not
on Upwork, right? So, it's helping you
figure out like what needs does that
market have. Yeah. What types of jobs
are you seeing more demand than supply
for? Like what would be the lowest
hanging fruit for someone coming on
Upwork today? I don't know that I look
for just general jobs enough to answer
that because I'm usually looking at
keywords for
specific no code or integrations that
I'm used to working with. It's totally
different, right? So if you're anywhere
global like anything like copy or

[25:00]
global like anything like copy or
editing or kind of automations that need
a human in the loop that's there's going
to be infinite work for that. And then
for if you're trying to do kind of
higher cost more developer things like
building apps or building out
automations. So, if you're new and
you're really good at like make.com
automations, instead of building out
like an entire automation system for,
you know, like a a sprinkler company,
whatever, maybe like start searching for
troubleshooting, like they have an
existing one that's broken, right? Or
look for existing like go highle broken,
right? Look for those kinds of jobs
because they're going to be smaller
scope and you're going to be able to
build up. they're going to be, I think,
easier to get, but it's something that
like a big agency might not bid on
because it's probably not worth their
time. I feel like Upwork is so
overlooked from especially Americans,
like someone that wanting to quit their
job or start an agency or, you know,
build these no code tools. Would you

[26:00]
build these no code tools. Would you
agree that like there's a world where if
you made Upwork your full-time job, like
just applying to job, making looms,
making looms, making looms, giving it
enough credits to be at the top of the
of the pile, I just have a hard time
thinking that people wouldn't be
successful. like assuming successful,
assuming they did a good job, like
trying to convert those small jobs to
more recurring or higher ticket clients,
like if you if you literally took it
seriously, like a 10-hour a day thing
after a month, you would have a you
would have a solid business. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. But here's what's going to happen.
And like I was that guy, right? Starting
my marketing agency looking for clients
like on Upwork all day grinding. So
there's two problems. One is that, you
know, depending on how good you are at
reading between the lines, maybe half of
your clients could end up being like
annoying clients. Not annoying, but not
a good fit, I guess. High maintenance.
High maintenance. And on and like with
things like that, that's also probably
me not knowing my capabilities as well.

[27:00]
me not knowing my capabilities as well.
So, it takes time to kind of figure out
what your capabilities are, not just to
anything or to everything rather. And
then the second thing is you can
definitely stand up an agency in a
month, but you're going to run out of
bandwidth. So you need to have the
foresight and be good enough at hiring
to hire early or you're going to be on
like a deliverable treadmill. What you
said is totally true that you could go
from nothing to full-time freelancer or
full-time, you know, agency in two
weeks, three weeks. There's enough work.
I know several people that simply apply
for jobs as freelancers as an American
and then they get a job and then they
just hire people on Upwork offshore and
outsource all of it to them. Like
they're just playing middleman. That's
really hard to do. Well, I'm not saying
it's the ideal, but it happens. Like
assuming you know the subject matter,
like say make.com or Zapier, like you
know it, but you're trying to offload
some of the work. A lot of people would,
you know, they check the box to say, "I
only want to hire from the US." And so,

[28:00]
only want to hire from the US." And so,
everyone else is excluded from those
search results. That can work, but it's
it's hard. I mean, I made a lot of bad
hires overseas. It's just like a muscle
you have to train hiring. Yeah. Well,
like with any business, you pick your
headaches, right? You'll you'll never
avoid headaches. I I see that all the
time. I post about business ideas and
the comments are like, "What about this?
What about that?" I'm like, "There's
always going to be headaches." Like,
what do you want? What's an example of a
client you found on Upwork that you were
able to leverage into like something
higher ticket or more recurring? It'll
be just like back to kind of my
marketing agency starting with like an
SEO audit or can you tell me why our
pages are ranking like this and that
call will just turn into like okay now
Billy's my go-to. We'll have like a
recurring call just to get consulting.
Maybe he'll have some special projects
or look at my analytics. So like any
sort of one-off audit or troubleshooting
for like Facebook ads, Google Analytics,
HubSpot, things like that can turn into
regular consulting. And I think the one

[29:02]
regular consulting. And I think the one
of the keys to success there is and to
not getting stretched too thin or is to
just keep that as like instead of saying
yes to some project because it's a
really good fit with the client. But if
you don't have those capabilities, just
stick to consulting and analytics and
all like all like I'm going to tell you
what you're doing wrong and how to fix
it. But if you don't have the team to
implement it, like I would just stick on
that consulting like consulting versus
building out projects to me are two very
different things. Does that make sense?
Am I just Yeah, it does. So stick stick
to consulting if you had to choose
between the two. Yeah, I would say stick
I think that's if you if that scales
better for sure. Yeah. Okay. What is
your framework for managing your shiny
object syndrome? How do you know? What
are your signals of like this? I need to
lean into this side project or this
client with all the opportunities out
there. How do you look at it? It's
really easy. Money. Are people paying me
to do this? Yes or no? Are people trying

[30:01]
to do this? Yes or no? Are people trying
to pay me to do this? Yes or no?
Otherwise, I probably shouldn't be
spending time on it. How can I help
answer that? Less like a cave. No, it's
just like sometime this is the most like
lame romantic thing ever, but you just
have an idea and it just resonates with
you. It keeps you up at night and it's
like no one's paying me for this, but
this makes so much logical sense. Like
when do you make exceptions to that?
Okay. So, I think if it's something like
me where I'm using chat GPT and I'm
noticing myself doing this frequently or
like every day, but I think just like
this AI helps you iterate and get that
shiny object out of your body so that
it's like way less of a problem for me.
So, like think about like a year ago,
right? I would have an idea for
something for like a game or like an SEO
tool and I would spend all night on
cursor and open AAI trying to code this
prototype. I'm not like a full stack
developer by trade, but I can kind of
get to it. But then as soon as something
breaks, it's another eight hour night of
me trying to troubleshoot it. And so

[31:00]
me trying to troubleshoot it. And so
then over two months, like I'm losing
sleep over this stupid little shiny
object. But now I can like realize an
idea in 45 minutes in replet or bolt or
whatever and it kind of gets that shiny
object. I can look scratches the it.
Yeah. and I'm like, "Oh, that's not as
cool as I thought it was." Or, "Oh,
like, dude, I should show this to people
or keep going." So, I think, yeah, I
think maybe that's more of the answer is
that finding how to scratch that itch.
It's easier than it ever has been. But
sometimes you just you you have to
scratch that itch. Like, you just have
to check the box to know whether or not
for yourself, you know? Like me
personally, I hate being years down the
road and thinking like, I should have
tried that. I just should have tried
that. what would have happened if I
would have tried that? You know, that's
just the opposite argument to focus on
one thing. And a lot of times, most of
the time when you try that thing, you
scratch that itch. You realize it's not
for you. But now, you know, yeah, but I
mean, I say all that and my entire kind

[32:02]
mean, I say all that and my entire kind
of journey in entrepreneurship is the
opposite of what I just said, which is,
yeah, only doing stuff that people pay
you to do. I'm able to kind of do the
projects that I do because I spent a
weekend with some random idea I had and
I learned about this library or because
like I worked for random people like in
college doing gigs like selling real
estate or doing some like a waiter at
the country. All these random jobs, you
know, kind of coales into who you are.
So you you're right, you do have to
scratch that itch. And before I ever
sold my first like AI coded app, I look
back and I had 40 replets I created for
fun and 20 directories that I had made
with cursor locally. So that's 60 itches
I tried to scratch before I was able to
sell one. So it is important to get your
skills up. You just have to be smart and
kind of direct with with what you're
doing. I'm doing this. Give yourself
constraints. Say, I'm going to try to

[33:00]
constraints. Say, I'm going to try to
make this in two hours. I'm going to try
to make this thing that does these two
features instead of setting out to make
the greatest 100 feature app. It's a lot
harder to take credit for the like the
compounding of experience that we have
because sometimes we don't have anything
physical to show for it. It's like oh I
just kept pivoting. I kept I had shiny
objects. I kept doing it's like all of
those things help teach you what you
know today to get you to this one thing
that actually did work. A lot of times I
hear people just talk about it being
wasted time. Like you keep resetting,
compounding, quit resetting, quit
starting over. It's like you're really
not like you just stay in the game and
you'll win. You know what the funny
thing about that is that I never
realized till you said that. A lot of
what consulting is and freelancing,
people pay you to tell them what shiny
objects not to chase, what rabbit holes
not to go down. I could say, "Oh, I've
used those SAS, that SAS, that SAS.
Don't use it. waste of time, not right
for you. I scratch that itch. So,
they're paying me they're paying me to

[34:00]
they're paying me they're paying me to
Yeah. save them on analysis paralysis.
At the end of the day, that's all that
business is is like you're not selling
like a product or service. You're you're
selling decisions made for someone who
has limited time and resources, right?
Yeah. Interesting. Talk to me about the
prospect of building out an a custom app
for someone like your your garage
consulting friend and then using that
app and selling it to other people. You
mean reselling kind of the s the same
app? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have you done
that or is that kind of harder than
advertised on the service? I have not
done that with that example. I'm doing
one where I have a better example where
it's like a custom data visualization
for HubSpot for like a specific industry
niche and it's like this revenue
attribution. It's just like a feature
gap in HubSpot and they want me to build
it out and they're okay with me selling
it to, you know, other clients or
companies, right? Because they just

[35:00]
companies, right? Because they just
needed that. It's not like a full app.
It's like a it's kind of like the
client's okay with it. Yeah. It's kind
of like it's like a custom dashboard,
right? But like it's on a server and
everything because I did the research
and you can't make that custom dashboard
and the 20 SAS apps that are supposed to
be able to do it, right? So we just had
to do it custom and like the garage one.
I mean that's data viz too. So I guess
what I'm saying is that like basic like
crud apps and data visualization like
they're not like proprietary right and
you can kind of reuse the same visual
components and architecture without you
know hurting anyone's competitive
advantage. I think there's a world where
you could G2 reviews for those listening
review site for SAS products. You could
scrape all those for HubSpot and find
all the keywords like the the negative
sentiment keywords about certain
features that are missing and build
tools around that. Yeah, totally. This
democratization of software development
is going to change like how SAS works
because all these big platforms have
APIs where you can send as many requests

[36:01]
APIs where you can send as many requests
as you want. Like in a year, why would
anyone pay for 20 seats on whatever SAS
when they could pay for one and then
have a C custom app built that just
pulls all that data in and out for them,
right? Like headless. It might push, you
know, more software to be more open
source and more more headless solutions.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Yeah. Yeah. What about the the hard part
here, which is distribution? Have you
find found any hacks outside of Upwork
to distribute these ideas or SAS tools
or or apps? No. Like that's why I'm kind
of optimizing for selling B2B
relationship based because that's what
I'm good at and I think there's just so
many burning needs there and I think
they are all kind of interrelated and
you'll learn and you'll be able to
compound easily. So personally, right?
So me like my my Twitter and YouTube
have been popping off because I just one
day decided to record myself doing
Replet for a client, right? Or for like
a personal project. I posted videos like

[37:00]
a personal project. I posted videos like
that and then someone from like Replet I
think like the CEO of Replet like
retweeted me with the video in the link.
So that just massively boosted me there.
I'm definitely like a Replet chill and
like I use it a lot. I'm not sponsored.
I really like them. That's one of the
things about kind of picking a stack and
moving forward with it. Get really good
at, you know, bolt apps for enterprise
or lovable apps for teachers and try to
put it out there and share with people.
I'm sharing like a lot of sauce on like
the Upwork stuff and even probably too
much on some of these like app ideas. So
being open always you always get like
10x value from sharing value with
people. That's just really helped me
grow and get lots of inbound. And then
the last thing is just being ready to
capitalize on any sudden like influx.
I've been posting stuff on YouTube and
Twitter for, you know, four or five
years for different business ideas and
my personal brand and just like nothing
sticks, right? But finally, this kind of

[38:02]
sticks, right? But finally, this kind of
app building thing really resonates and
I was smart enough to kind of set up
like an agency landing page and a paid
Calendarly and all of that has kind of
helped me take advantage and of of the
extra eyeballs. Well, it's like if
you're building cool things, then you
might as well hit record. you might as
well publish what you're building,
right? Yeah. Yeah. There's some
industries like if you're in finance,
right? You can't do that as well. Or
like healthare, but and that's why those
personal projects are important too
because you can always record your
personal projects. Maybe not like a
client. You have this agency, you have
all this stuff. Where can people find
you? I'm on Twitter, Billy J. Howell,
and my agency is stupidsimpleapps.com.
In between the words, I'm like a hyphen
guy now. Yeah, those are my main two
things. Hi. My YouTube channel is the
same, Billy J. How. I have lots of
tutorials on kind of replet and I play
pickup basketball outdoors in Northern
Virginia. So, you might just find me
there sometime. Okay. Well, Billy, thank
you. This was super enlightening and I

[39:01]
you. This was super enlightening and I
appreciate your time. Thank you. All
right. What' you think? Please share it
with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner