[00:00]
Oh my gosh. I mean, every single one of
these flows is a business. Pay me $300 a
month. I'll send you an email every
Friday with your top three competitors,
fully automated, and as far as your
customers know, you're spending 4 hours
a week doing this for them. We actually
hired one of our experts cuz he was just
so good. I was like, "What if you could
do this for our largest enterprise
accounts?" All he had to do is like
learn this drag and drop tool and now he
has a new career. You can build software
that is immensely valuable without
needing to be an engineer. Almost
everything that people really build on
Gov and find valuable, they could have
never done on Zapier. use AI and be more
efficient. If you're not using AI,
you're going to fall behind.
All right, you're going to love today's
episode. You may have heard of this
company out of Silicon Valley called Gum
Loop. They are a Y Combinatorbacked
company blowing up like crazy. If you've
heard of Zapier, I talk about Zapier a
lot. It's an automation platform that's
easy for anyone to use. These guys are
the Zapier for this new AI age. It's
like Zapier, but very easy to use. I had
the co-founder on to talk about how
people are using Gum Loop in interesting
ways, how people are making money with

[01:00]
ways, how people are making money with
Gum Loop, agencies that can be built on
top of Gum Loop, how to become a Gum
Loop expert, so you could charge money
to implement Gum Loop. And I just want
you to know upfront, this is not a
sponsored video or podcast. I was paid
zero to do this. But the way I look at
it is what if we could have talked to
the Zapier founder in year two or year
one and you could have got ahead of that
curve and started an agency on top of
Zapier. That would have been amazing,
right? Well, I look at Gum Loop as the
next Zapier. And so, anyone listening to
this will have a leg up to anyone else
in the future that wants to build an
agency on top of Gum Loop. But if you do
want to support this podcast, you can
use my affiliate link. You'll get a
discount. I'll get a little kickback.
It's linked in the show notes. You're
going to love it. Enjoy. How would you
explain Gum Loop in one sentence to
someone that has no idea what it is?
We're an automation platform where you
you drag and drop build really powerful
AI workflows without needing to be an
engineer. You can just play around with
these Lego blocks and deploy super
useful tools for your team. Okay, here's
an analogy I would use. Tell me if this
is accurate or not, but like Instagram

[02:00]
is accurate or not, but like Instagram
was like Facebook except pictures only
and mobile first, right? And this kind
of reminds me of Zapier except AI first.
Like AI front and foremost, whereas
Zapier is like you can use AI, you can
integrate Open AI's API, but it's not
like AI first, it's automation first. Is
that pretty accurate? I think that's
accurate. In the early days, people
would describe us as a an AI first Zap
year on steroids. So it it's the AI part
is is a big component of Gum Loop, but
also just the complexity of the sorts of
things you could build are very
different. So what I've noticed is most
of the things or almost everything that
people really build on Gum Loop and find
valuable, they could have never done on
Zapier. It's kind of like expanding what
is possible instead of replacing them.
If someone just wants to connect to APIs
and get a notification or something, I
would say totally use Zapier. That's the
bread and butter. Much simpler, probably
cheaper for the task. But for anything
else, more complex, use gum loop for
sure. What's a good example of like a
common flow that is just not possible on

[03:01]
common flow that is just not possible on
on Zapier? I can give some examples of
the ones that we use internally. So like
every time someone signs up for our
product, we do a ton of like AI web
research to figure out everything we can
about them. like every signal that would
be valuable in terms of scoring that
lead. We run it through a bunch of AI
categorization steps that apply like our
reasoning to what is this account a key
account that we should be emailing. It
drafts a personalized email and it puts
it in my email inbox and I'm able to
send those out at the end of the day.
But there's a lot of nuance like four
different models being used, tons of
different endpoints being pulled from to
enrich data, to scrape the web, to look
at their website. That's one workflow
that I use every single day or like
hundreds of times a day. Every time
someone talks to our customer support
chatbot called Gummy, they normally are
curious about something or they can't
figure something out, it would be super
useful if I could go and read every
chat, but I don't have the the hours and
they to do that. We're doing like 60,000
messages a week on our chatbot. So, I
have a Gum Loop workflow that runs at
5:00 p.m. every day. It reads every
single thread. So every conversation

[04:01]
single thread. So every conversation
with every customer tells me what they
were confused about. And then it with
all of those summaries, it makes one
large report that tells me like the top
five things with the substantiated
evidence like this email was having a
ton of trouble with this sorted from
most to least important. So we kind of
have this like product manager report
that is totally autonomously done
without needing an engineer or to waste
any hours doing that. You're like
passively collecting feedback on your
product with an agent basically that you
built. Exactly. And it's it's using our
own product to help us figure out how to
improve our own product. It's a nice
little tight loop of feedback. You're
eating your own dog food. Yeah, we eat a
lot of it.
I feel like people throw around the word
agent a lot. Is this is would you call
Gum Loop a proper agent builder or is it
agent like? So we make AI powered
workflows at the moment. I think the
term agent was super it was a big buzz
term two years ago when the the first
agent frameworks came out. Those are

[05:00]
agent frameworks came out. Those are
definitely much more autonomous and
inherently unreliable and more expensive
in in like the previous state of how
agents existed. You kind of had to cross
your fingers and hope that the agent
would do something useful because it
just had so much autonomy and there was
so much AI being used at every step. I
think we're getting to a point now where
agents are becoming useful. But we've
taken the approach of instead of
promising people the world and then
underwhelming them and losing their
trust, which I think is what a lot of
these open source agent frameworks did,
like everyone tried it and is kind of
scorn because they spent six hours
getting nothing except for making a
really big OpenAI bill. We promised very
little in the early days. where like you
can do this step and then you can do
another step after it and it's very
rigid and defined and we're kind of
continuously adding these a agentic
features like if you wanted to split a
path of your workflow and have an AI
step decide what path to pursue that is
somewhat agentic but it's pretty
constrained and rigid. I think one thing
that direction we will be heading in is
if you want to make agents useful they
need to have useful tools which are
essentially just workflows in their

[06:00]
essentially just workflows in their
little toolbox. Um, so there's a layer
on top of what we're building that can
be more agentic, but fundamentally we
are making AI powered workflows, which I
think is the shortest path to just
extreme extremely obvious business
value. Yeah. So if you come at customers
and say we're basically an AI first AI
enabled Zapier and then they they sign
up, they log in, they start playing
around and they learn on their own, oh
my gosh, like this has a lot of agentic
features. I I could make an agent with
this. Like they're they're super users
and they're super evangelists of the
product. Whereas if you come at them
promising agentic features, maybe
they're disappointed and it's a net loss
in the end. Yeah. I think people who who
are get super excited by agents
specifically often think like it'll
abstract away all of the hard work of
solving or like automating a problem
like it'll just figure things out. But I
think the nuance of really automating
something well is kind of like encoding
what you understand to be like true
whatever you deeply understand some
workflow. That takes a bit of like
you're kind of building this workflow

[07:01]
you're kind of building this workflow
with all of your expertise in mind and
encoding that into the workflow. If you
just ask an agent to go write a sales
email, it's going to write some slop,
you know, and then technically it did
the work for you, but it's not that
valuable. So, our AI workflows are kind
of like assisting the human making
someone 10 times more productive, but
not just like handwaving away all of the
complexity of how you do work. I feel
like a lot of the problems that that
we're having with AI today is that
everyone knows that AGI is not here yet,
but they treat it as if it is, right?
And I think you need to treat AI like an
employee. Like you onboard a new
employee and you you're not going to
tell them on day one, write this new
sales email for me. When they have no
idea like what your branding is, like
how you like to speak to the customer,
how many automated follow-ups you want,
if any. like you're just setting that
employee up for failure and you're
setting the a the AI up for failure
unless you you bring it something right
like this is what I'm doing on a daily
basis. It takes me about 30 minutes a
day. I've done it a thousand times. I'm
sick of doing it. I know exactly how
it's done inside and out. Do it for me.
You show it exactly what to do. You're

[08:01]
You show it exactly what to do. You're
you know where it's going to break
because it breaks for you sometimes.
Would you agree like that's where people
have the most success when they kind of
they bring Totally. Yeah. Okay. We like
to say that if you can define something
as a list of steps, it's kind of ripe
for automation. If you have a workflow
that you can't actually break down into
a list of steps or it gets into a bunch
of conditionals like, oh, if it's not
here, go check there, get them a phone
call. If like there's a bunch of random
edge cases, then it's not really great
to automate. But normally a workflow
that you understand that so deeply that
you can write it in like a point form
list, give it to an intern and have them
perform it accurately. That is exactly
the sort of thing you should be
automating. And the context you're
talking about is is like the kind of the
biggest pitfall with people who approach
agents or automation. They say like
write me a sales email with no context.
And if you would have given that to your
new hireer who started today with no
information about the company, they
would write an equally bad email. You
know, there's Yeah. Unless they were
agentic and and went and found the
information in your in your Google Docs
and then figured out the branding from
your website. That's definitely like the

[09:00]
your website. That's definitely like the
direction AI will end up in this sort of
like totally agentic software. But I
think the path there is workflows and
tooling around how AI does work. Yeah.
Okay. Now, I want to know like the 8020
of how people are using Gum Loop. Like
that's one of my favorite things to do
on this podcast is to talk to the people
behind the scenes and say, how are
people making money with this? Like
what's the one customer that comes to
mind that's really using your tool in an
interesting way that could other people
could benefit from, right? It would
benefit you because you'd get more
customers and it would benefit them
because they could make money or they
could save money with it. So what's the
8020 like? What are most people using it
for? And then what are those really
interesting edge cases? That's a loaded
question, but you just take one at a
time. Yeah. So people ask us this all
the time and it it's I don't have a
great answer for what the most common
use cases because I think Gum Loop is
more comparable to Python for example
than it is to a normal vertical SAS uh
that has like five features or
something. So I mean when you ask
yourself like what are people doing with
Python? They're building like crazy
things and each one nicher than the

[10:01]
things and each one nicher than the
next. There's definitely like local
maxima that we see. So there's tons of
like web scraping, outbound sales
automation, CRM related enrichments,
document processing is a huge one, like
general admin tasks like preparation,
data labeling and categorization, lead
scoring, there there's kind of like
patterns we see. Content generation is
another really big one. But when we like
our most successful customers are doing
everything. So like Instacart has a
thousand seats on Gum Loop out of the
3,000 employees. And it's almost evenly
spread across 10 departments. So there's
not one killer use case. It's like 150
really solid automations. And they're
all kind of empowered to automate work.
Almost none of them or I think like 18%
of them are engineers. When we did the
breakdown, we did the breakdown with a
gum loop workflow actually. We loaded
the entire user list into a research
workflow that found their role and then
categorized them. Yeah, that's our our
favorite type of customer because like
big scale, high volume, you can automate
so many things I've never even heard of.
And that's like really the power of this
platform. 18% of their employees are

[11:00]
platform. 18% of their employees are
engineers and 33% of their employees
have are active gum loop users. 18% of
the active gumloop users are engineers
when we did that chart. Wow, that's even
more impressive. Yeah, I think engineers
appreciate just how much easier we make
o and security. like you don't need to
spin up a little side project and then
deal with compliance and like OOTH apps
and and all of that stuff. Gum loop
makes it super super easy and engineers
pick it up like so easily. It's like the
fundamentals are the same for loops and
thinking in systems passing inputs to
outputs. Let's talk about like a local
business owner. Let's say I own a a
plumbing business in the middle of the
country. I've got several crews, $10
million in revenue. What's a normal use
case for this? It really depends what
they're struggling with. So sometimes
people are getting tons of orders via
PDF emailed to them and they have
someone sitting in an office like
extracting the order number, the amount,
and the address and putting that into a
Google sheet. That is a gum loop
workflow that could be set up in like 30
seconds. It's super easy. They might

[12:00]
seconds. It's super easy. They might
have a list of leads that they're buying
from some sourcing company, like people
they should be reaching out to, but they
don't. They know in their head what a
good lead looks like. It's like they
have these five signals or sometimes
they have this which means they're
really valuable or you shouldn't reach
out to them if they have that. They do a
bunch of enrichment on the platform with
our AI scraping AI web research nodes
and then they have a categorization step
and then they press run their whole
leads list gets processed and
categorized and then sorted by the most
valuable. They save all of that time and
then if they want to go above and beyond
and like generate the outbound or the
messaging or like the call the phone
call transcript. So sometimes people
will make like a research report for
each qualified lead and then have that
dumped out as a Google doc. So when
they're actually making the call, they
have all this ammunition for like the
kind of like a research report on who
they're about to speak to. You can
really go down the rabbit hole. Like the
the more niche the better to be honest.
Gum loop is just like the infrastructure
that lets you convert what you
understand to be a workflow into a
functional tool that's deployed. Yeah.
I'm thinking like if I'm a if I'm a
local handyman or I own a handyman
business and my best customer is an
investor because they're going to use me

[13:00]
investor because they're going to use me
every month or a property manager,
they're going to use me every day or
every week or every month and I have a a
form that they fill out on the website
with just a radio button that says, "Are
you a homeowner or an investor?" Right?
And I just kind of know instinctively if
I get an email that says investor, I
want to call them more quickly. Whereas
if they're a homeowner, only a 20% close
rate. It might be a $100 job. It's not
really worth it. Gum Loop could help
like I want to get a text on my phone
marked as urgent when that's an investor
and I just want to you know one click I
want to call them whereas if it's a
homeowner put them in my CRM put them in
an automation to send them emails
because it's not worth my time to call.
Is that kind of a decent use case? Yeah,
that's that's a nice and simple one for
sure. It would be really easy to set up.
We have a a texting node. I have a bunch
of text notifications that get sent to
me when important things happen. Yeah,
totally doable. And then you can expand
upon that. The text could include all of
the background research and the the
person who submitted the forms Twitter
account and their LinkedIn and their
company website. Like you can really go
deeper with it. I think that's a big

[14:00]
deeper with it. I think that's a big
problem that people have is they hear
about these cool tools and they're like
oh this is amazing and then they log in
and they're like what do I do? You know
like what all right what can I do? I
wonder if this is an interesting
framework where whatever you're doing
you know control find control crolv
whatever you're you know control finding
copying or pasting there's probably an
automation to be found there like we
have a a GPT rapper in our holding
company that helps skilled nursing
facilities bill for more codes and so
they'll onboard a new client and then
upload thousands of pages of PDFs and
medical records and for the last hundred
years what the the the medical billing
manager does is they do control find
Alzheimer's control find diabetes
control find and they miss stuff and so
there's thousands of dollars a month
that they could be billing for that
they're not and so we just built a
wrapper that you we upload all the PDFs
and it tells them and it saves them
thousands of dollars a month right so
that just kind of made me think control
find control find that's inefficient
that's repetitive right how could we

[15:00]
that's repetitive right how could we
automate that there's definitely little
signals like that throughout your
workday where you you should be thinking
in terms of automation I think that's a
good like the control find, but also
just whenever you're applying reasoning
to like a really repetitive thing,
that's really where LM shine. Like even
if it's a little more nuanced, like
you're seeing emails coming into your
inbox and you know what an email you
should be forwarding to your support
team looks like. There's some signals
like it's it's clearly from a customer.
They seem yeah, they seem upset maybe
that those are the only ones you you
forward, but you go through 800 emails a
day because your inbox is flooded.
That's the sort of thing that you could
set up in like five minutes with GBD40
Mini just doing the same reasoning,
doing the same work for you. You only
have to set it up one time and then you
have this like totally autonomous
support email bot that that works for
you. Yeah. And it can analyze sentiment,
right? Like you if negative send
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's really tremendous
at just reasoning. So like categorizing
into negative, you can even put it into

[16:00]
into negative, you can even put it into
buckets like oh this customer's
complaining about this specific issue
and I know who to route that to. that
sort of even more nuanced reason beyond
negative is is something that you could
set up so quickly. You mentioned that
like at five o'clock every night you
push all the emails through. Are you or
your customers using any email
automations that they fully trust to
just fully send without any human
interaction? If so, what do those look
like? Yeah, I do that sometimes, but
rarely. I I normally like to be in the
loop. So, I I always save emails as
drafts and then I'm the one sending it
off. The only ones I I fully blast off
are uh like let's say every every week
we like monitor the really high value
signups on Gun Loop that customers that
look like they their companies could be
so much more efficient with the tool.
I'll blast out like a templated email
that's to the point. It's just my
calendar basically like saying I'll help
you out but let's talk next week that I
trust because there's there's not much
nuance there. But if it's a really
thoughtful like researched email with
all these different hooks and
personalizations, I'll review that.
Sometimes like there's a customer within
that list that you're personalizing for
that's just so high value you want to

[17:01]
that's just so high value you want to
throw in like an extra something. Yeah.
But yeah, review it just gives you more
peace of mind. I think that's the you
never want to be someone spamming or
like flooding someone's inbox with more
spam that needs to be processed by AI
itself to be deleted. So when someone
signs up as a new user, what kind of
research are your agents doing or your
automations doing? Are you just taking
their email and then running it against
LinkedIn databases or what does that
look like? So, we take their email and
then if if it's able to identify their
full name in their email, then we have a
a search that goes and looks up like
their full name, their company name that
they signed up with. It's only we only
do it for non- Gmail sort of like
corporate emails. And then we find their
LinkedIn profile, their title. We'll
find the company's current like kind of
fundraising stage, whether they've
raised venture capital, if they're like
a growth seed or whatever stage fund or
company. We'll get a oneline blurb of
what they do, the industry that they're
in, the city that they're located in.
We'll stitch that all together and then
maybe enrich it with even more contact

[18:01]
maybe enrich it with even more contact
information like there's a bunch of data
enrichment providers that we support on
Gum Loop to get the more niche signals
like exact headcount or their monthly
web traffic for example, like extra
signals that you wouldn't normally get
just by scouring the web. But like
linking all of that publicly available
data plus like the data repositories
together into one classification step
and then running that through the LLM
step is where the magic is because it it
kind of it's like it did all the work in
half a second and then just has to
reason around the data that it's
scraped. And then are you assigning like
a score to them? I tend to do
categorization instead of scoring
because we have a scoring node that goes
from like zero to 100 but whenever the
AI is uncertain it'll just give like a
mediocre score and I want some certainty
in this. So I like doing like high
value, extremely high value, normal and
low value lead, the more discreet
buckets. LLMs are just much better at
like placing things in those sort of
much more clear holes. Do you know of
any customers building businesses on top
of Gum Loop or agencies or AI
implementation agencies? Tell me tell me

[19:00]
implementation agencies? Tell me tell me
what you've seen there. One of our first
customers was this healthcare company in
Australia that was processing thousands
of research papers for academic
institutions and all of it was powered
via like a really complex gum loop
workflow. It was called agent hub at the
time. So an agent hub workflow but same
same product. We're doing things I did
literally did not understand. I didn't
understand the value of it, but I knew
it was valuable because they were like
reselling. From what I understood, it
was like at scale extracting like the
insights for all these papers and doing
this cross analysis to determine like
what the academic institution should be
investing in or what their weak spots
are based on the research that their
like PhD and master students were doing.
But that service would have been
hundreds or thousands of hours of human
work. But this person just kind of
cobbled together a workflow and then
built a business on top of that.
Interesting. And they're still going.
Yeah, they're still one of our favorite
customers. What do you think is next for
Gum Loop that people should be excited
about? We're working on our agent
feature. So, not an agent in the normal

[20:00]
feature. So, not an agent in the normal
sense of like you're building agents.
That'll come at some point, but we are
making a co-pilot basically in the
product. So, right now we're we have
like really good growth and things are
working, but we could be growing way
faster if the learning curve was
flatter. Like there's so many people who
come to the product and they have a
desperate need. they really want to
automate something but they can't figure
it out because it takes a bit of time
maybe like half an hour of tinkering
around with things to figure stuff out
and people are busy. So this co-pilot
feature will let you kind of go from
natural language to this sort of bolt
like experience or vzero like experience
of building for you and that will change
everything. So you just tell it what you
want and instead of telling you how to
build it, it will build it for you.
Exactly. It'll build it with you. I
think that's the main distinction. You
get to guide it, steer it in the right
direction, work with it, and it has it
is all knowing. It knows everything
about Gum Loop and how it works. You
don't have to read our docs. You don't
have to watch a video. It's already done
that for you. Have you ever thought of a
feature where people could just like I
would love to go into one of my
employees and say, "Hey, I want you to

[21:01]
employees and say, "Hey, I want you to
loom everything you do today." Like turn
off your front-facing camera, hit record
on Loom. I just want to record
everything that happens on your screen.
and this is to empower you not to take
your job and then like have gum loop or
something manis whatever just watch that
and say all right oh I know exactly what
you need you keep doing this over and
over and it's something that that
employee just might not even think to
tell you it's just second nature to them
have you thought about something like
that or at least part like enabling that
more easily so people could have more
ideas of how to use it I think there's a
lot of companies that are doing that as
like a Chrome extension or as a a sort
of screen recording automation tool
I think that is another sort of product
that has a big promise and might
underdel greatly which we we're kind of
wary of because there's only so much
user trust you can burn before you
destroy the viability of the company. So
I don't know when I think about the
tasks I'm doing every day like I'm
actually thinking a ton in a way that is
not visible on my screen when I'm when

[22:01]
not visible on my screen when I'm when
I'm about to do something. It might seem
like I did it for one reason but I
thought about 10 other reasons why to do
it this way and why not to do it another
way. and that might not be captured with
screen recording. So, I don't know. I
feel like I would be massively
disappointed by a current implementation
of that. We might explore it at some
point, but maybe that would be better
suited for like browser automation tools
that actually just click around for you
in like internal portals and stuff. I'm
sure that we have a Chrome extension
that does that records your actions and
replays it. It's a feature I don't
really promote because it's a little
hard to use, but I'm I'm sure that sort
of thing is coming like that something
to ideate for you to watch you and then
give you ideas for what you can
automate. There's there's probably
something there in terms of like a
valuable product. What does your growth
look like today? Our investors always
tell us never to give numbers, but we
are doing well. Like we grew 50% two
months ago, 30% last month. It kind of
we're hitting a bit of an inflection
point. Yeah. I mean, you're you're on a
title wave, right? And you've got a
beautiful beautifully designed product
and it it just works. What about like
outside of Gum Loop? Are there any AI

[23:01]
outside of Gum Loop? Are there any AI
opportunities or business ideas that
you're too focused on to chase but you
think other people should be chasing
down? Whether it's just a simple rapper
or something more complex. That's a good
question. All I think about is Gumlet.
It really it kind of encompasses my
entire life and all of my thinking time.
A product that other people should
pursue. Basically, one huge value prop
of Gum Loop is that all of these
companies have this kind of top down
directive of use AI and be more
efficient. If you don't if you're not
using AI, you're going to fall behind.
So, we are kind of the spoon that is
feeding them AI. But there's also tons
of people at these really large
companies that are are kind of resistant
and don't want to move faster and like
it's kind of hindering the growth of the
company because they're living in their
old ways. I think this is kind of like a
controversial topic, but like one
engineer with AI can have can do the the
work of 20. Like I see that every day
with my co-founder. He's like the most
exceptional builder I've ever seen. We
can move as fast as a large company
because he just gets six hours to focus.

[24:01]
because he just gets six hours to focus.
So video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free, no sleazy sales pitch,
tkopod.com. If I was running a business
that was kind of transitioning into AI,
I would focus on those people. And I
know LLM can actually understand code at
scale and understand what people are
working on and flag people who are those
10x engineers because I I think like
great businesses will be built by really
small teams of exceptional people. So
being able to identify which at a like a
huge company with 500 or a thousand
engineers, flagging the ones with with
AI that are exceptional, paying them
double, you know, like treating them
well so you don't lose those those
people. I think that's a really cool
business that an engineering manager is
kind of tasked to to do, but AI could do
it at scale. Yeah. So it would basically
be someone coming into a big company and

[25:00]
be someone coming into a big company and
using LLM to read the code of their
engineers and using certain markers to
say, "Hey, this guy, this is your guy."
Yeah. Right. This guy. I think it's a a
code review bot, honestly. Like there's
a lot of startups that do code review,
like you raise a pull request to
introduce a new feature and it's
actually like making sure there's no
bugs, but it has such a deep
understanding of the context of your
codebase and what the work you just did
and what you added and it can aggregate
that over time, make like weekly reports
about who's really moving the needle for
your business and then you should never
lose that person because they'll get
paid more at another company that
recognizes that they're great.
So it's kind of a retention tool,
especially in this age of AI where
people are going to be chasing money.
Exactly. I think it could be positioned
as like a a cost cutting tool because
you can like focus on not the good
performers but the bad ones and then let
them go. That's a more negative way to
position it. But yeah, honestly, I think
it's about rewarding the great people
and putting them in a place of
leadership so that like people will
follow suit. Yeah. Have you ever seen
just a completely random business or use

[26:00]
just a completely random business or use
case for Gum Loop that just kind of made
you your head and say, "Huh, huh?"
A completely random use case for Gum
Loop that made me my head. In the
early days, we had some crazy hobbyist
use cases. Like one guy recorded
three-hour sessions of Dungeons and
Dragons, if you've heard of that, and
then would use our our like video to
text node in order to transcribe it. And
then he would make chapters of the
stories with a bunch of LLM stuff. So,
we're kind of like digesting the content
into this storyline and then it would
make a Google doc and send it to his
team. So, it was watching the three-hour
video and then
like text. So you would get this big
blurb of what was said and then he was
processing that in a bunch of like
really nuanced thoughtful ways,
injecting like what the plot of their
their storyline is and stuff and then he
was getting this really thoughtful
Google doc as if he spent like five
hours making like a postgame summary for
his clan. I thought that was pretty
cool. Really creative. That is
interesting. Yeah. I I feel like the use
case for AI watching video is still very
early, but I I feel like there's a lot
of opportunity there. Totally. I mean, a

[27:02]
of opportunity there. Totally. I mean, a
lot of Gum Loop workflows are like video
to blog posts. When I talk about with
the content moderation stuff, like
someone records a two-hour customer
interview, they want to make a case
study. You can actually drop that in a
workflow that's like pre- set up in
order to focus on what is the the most
valuable five topics that they
discussed. How do we structure this like
our old content? You can set up that
workflow and then every time you have a
customer interview, you can get the same
quality of output by just dragging in a
video file and pressing run. Wow. I
mean, you could just integrate it with
Fathom, right? And like totally anytime
you have any fathom call, you could just
publish that to your website for SEO
purposes. Totally. Okay. Do you want to
show me some use cases or some some
flows and how to build them? Sure. Let
me share my screen. This was one that I
always show off. This was like the one
that changed everything for us in the
early days when I figured out there's a
scalable way to get meetings with
customers. So, I was really good at
getting eyeballs on the product and
people would try it out, but they had
that problem we were discussing like
they couldn't figure out what they

[28:00]
they couldn't figure out what they
wanted to automate. It took like a bit
of discovery in order to list like five
ideas that are really going to help them
out. So, this workflow takes in their
email. So, every time someone signs up,
I won't click on this because it it
actually shares my credentials, but it
is it gives you a code snippet. So, you
can trigger this via like like an API.
Basically, you're triggering it from
your own codebase. So in our case when
you press create an account on gum loop
it is throwing your email into this
workflow and pressing run and then that
email flows through all of these
additional steps. So just to could you
zoom in on the additional one? Yeah, let
let me at a high level I'll just move
this aside just to show you what gum
loop okay like how things are
structured. So we have all these
integrations like let's say you want to
read emails from your Gmail inbox you
would drag a Gmail reading node pick the
inbox and then I have all these emails
to pass to another step. Let's say I
wanted to categorize those emails. I
would drag in an AI categorizer step
next. Drag this in and then I would
specify the categories, pick the model,
add a bunch of additional context. Um,
and then I'm doing GPD40 email
categorization in in like two clicks

[29:01]
categorization in in like two clicks
basically. So, you're kind of connecting
data with these nuanced AI steps and
then you're able to build tools that
would normally take an engineer like a
couple days or a week in order to get
like off the ground and deployed and
usable for everyone. So this
workflow is doing a couple interesting
things. So it's not this node is not one
you could find in our menu. It is what
we call a subflow. So it is a flow
within a flow. So if I click open
subflow, I'll see that that that node is
actually an entirely separate workflow
that's doing a research. So you're able
to build these like composite creations
that get more and more complex. And the
cool thing is if you build like the best
customer research flow that does the
most nuanced research about your
industry and your type of customer, your
co-orker can use that workflow in their
sub in their workflow as well. Like they
can use that as a subflow. So they're
kind of like reusable tools. Okay. Can
you share flows between like completely
unconnected Gum Loop accounts as well?
Yes. Yeah, you can share all flows like
exactly like you would a Google doc. So
you would change the sharability like
viewability set settings and you can
send those around. So people are are

[30:01]
send those around. So people are are
sharing tons of flows. Do you have
people selling flows? Yes. So we have
gum loop experts, people who do contract
work building for people. They they're
kind of like flow builders for hire. We
are going to have a marketplace at one
point, but I want to make sure it's safe
because it's kind of a unique product to
expose really sensitive credentials and
sharable tools. So I don't want someone
accidentally leaking.
Yeah. Yeah. Now, how are Gum Loop
experts finding jobs today if you don't
have a marketplace? We have an expert
marketplace. It's an air table based.
So, it's like 10 different people in
this little directory. And whenever
someone reaches out to us for an expert,
we actually introduce them to the
experts directory in like a we are like
the facilitator to send them that link.
But it'll be much more official in the
near future. Would you say as of today,
is there more demand for experts or more
supply than you need for experts? More
demand. So, they're each getting need
more experts. Yeah. But the thing is
each expert has different expectations
of like what how much they should be
paid and so sometimes they might get
four leads but only one is qualified to

[31:00]
four leads but only one is qualified to
them in a given day. So they they have
enough inbound but it does take some
work in order to filter out the noise.
They've got to close them like you're
just connecting dots. You're not
helping. Yeah, they're not helping. What
are they charging on average? I know
it's probably all over the map, but it's
all over the map. It could be like a
hundred bucks. It could be $5,000. It
really it really varies depending on the
scale of the work and what the expect
expectations are. Yeah. Sometimes people
want a ton of work. They want to like
totally automate their business for 200
bucks and that's just not possible.
Yeah. It's about finding the right
customers. Yeah. I mean, conversely, it
someone could build a flow for a hundred
bucks and then that could that could
turn into a job making $1,000 a month,
right? Really automating everything. So
that could be one kind of unique way
that people listening might be able to
make money is just by learning to use it
themselves as a user and then becoming
an expert. It's a pretty interesting
sort of transition. We actually hired
one of our experts internally because he
was just so good like he was blowing
everyone away and I was like what if you
could do this for our largest enterprise
accounts you know like when a really

[32:02]
accounts you know like when a really
large customer has a basic need he can
hop on a call blow their mind with what
AI can do and all he had to do is like
learn this drag and drop tool and now he
has a new career which is pretty cool.
So their email gets run through this
subflow which takes the email, scrapes
their website, extracts the name of the
company, summarizes what the company
does. It enriches all this information
like industry revenue and country
because we're using all these different
data providers, but you can get like
monthly web traffic like I mentioned or
like LinkedIn URL formats all of it in
this nice little paragraph and then that
paragraph goes to our Slack. So, like 10
seconds after you sign up, we get this
notification saying how big your company
is, where you're based, what you do, and
then it also drafts an outbound email
and into my Gmail inbox. Like really
basic like, "Hey, I'm the founder. Your
company looked awesome. I saw you just
signed up today. I'd love to chat.
Here's my calendar." Sort of thing. But
light touches a personalization and just
like automated into my inbox. Yeah. I
could only send that if it's kind of
worth your time. Yeah. So, our the one
that's actually in production is more
complex. It's in our like private
workspace. It has a bunch more qual
qualification steps. So it does like
much more research and then it has the

[33:00]
much more research and then it has the
AI categorization steps and then if
they're lower value I mean just like
hobbyist users we put them into like a
loan a learning cohort sort of email
chain and if not then we do this
personalized outreach from me so I can
hop on a call and meet them. Do you have
like plug-and-play flows that people can
just tap into like this more complex
ones or are they kind of basic? We have
a whole templates directory. Honestly,
templates feel like a band-aid over the
problem to me. If you need a template,
it's because you couldn't go from idea
to exactly what you wanted with the
tool. They might help spark ideas, but
you can definitely get started with a
template. I wouldn't like dissuade you.
Yeah, I I really I'm excited for the
future where I can go from an idea to a
workflow in five minutes without ever
having to scratch my head or assuming I
was a new user. Now, what about like
sales prospecting? I think this workflow
has a couple of those properties. So
this one before 15 minutes before every
meeting, it will look at the attendees,
filter out all the ones that aren't me
or internal people that come loop. It'll
read my email inbox. So this is kind of

[34:01]
read my email inbox. So this is kind of
like a sales workflow. Like when I'm
hopping on a demo call with a big
customer, I want to know why the email
was set up or why the the meeting was
set up. I want to know what the person's
role is at the company, what they do,
their background, any socials I can
possibly scour so I can understand more
about who they are. And then I want to
understand what the company does. So
like this research company step, this
workflow is a little complex because I I
actually just use it all the time. But
this flow here will take their email,
search their inbox for all the
reasonings for why we might be meeting.
And then it has two different outputs.
One being research about the person I'm
meeting and one being the research from
my email inbox. So I get this like big
digest just like you would go to your
Gmail, look at the 50 most recent emails
with you and Mark and figure out like,
oh, we actually set this meeting up two
months ago. It's it's about talking
about like growth or something. So you
have an LLM do that sort of digesting
and then here we do company research. So
this is another complex one but this is
where the crux of it is just this AI web
research node. So given a company's URL
identify the company's name their

[35:00]
identify the company's name their
current stage whether they're pre-launch
seed growth or nonVC backed find their
LinkedIn and their Twitter URL. And this
sort of information is what I normally
just check on my phone before the
meeting to understand like who am I
actually talking to today. There's a
bunch of like conditional paths here
because I sometimes people don't have
social like there's there's edge cases
that I built into the workflow and then
all of that gets synthesized into one
big prompt where I say essentially like
write a text take all of this
information and give me the most
important things that I need to know
before the call and then send me my text
notification here to my phone. H seeing
these ideas just give me so many more
ideas. it. It's going to be cool when
you can when you have this idea, you can
go to your keyboard and get the actual
tool built in like two minutes. That's
going to be super exciting. This is
another random one. I made this with a
pretty large HR software company. I
won't say which one, but essentially
what it's doing is there's these things
things called gum loop interfaces. I'm
not sure if you've seen these, but this
is like a UI layer on top of your flow.
So, you can abstract away all the crazy

[36:01]
So, you can abstract away all the crazy
workflow stuff and just have an
interface. you would put a competitor
domain and then it uses Semrush, gets
the hundred keywords that that
competitor ranks for. So, we built this
because this this SEO expert was having
to look at competitors, look at all the
keywords they rank for, and then figure
out which ones aren't named like brand
related. So, if it's like uh Samsung and
the 50 top keywords they're ranking for
out of the top 500 are like Samsung or
misspellings of the word Samsung, they
like erase those from the list and focus
on the other ones. But that sort of
reasoning like is this a brand keyword
is it not at scale is so timeconuming.
So they just built a workflow and and I
think this actually took like four
minutes to put together and it was
taking them hours every day because
they're doing this for so many different
brands, so many different keywords and
then it dumps all of the non-brand ones
into a Google sheet and then they start
doing all this other automation on those
keywords. Oh man. Do you have anyone
using Gum Loop to build like
programmatic SEO sites? Yes, definitely.

[37:00]
programmatic SEO sites? Yes, definitely.
This was one workflow. I had it over
here. So I mean like posting and and
making structured content is great on
the platform. So this takes a YouTube
URL. This is like an hour and a half
long Stanford lecture I think about what
LLM are. I'm running the workflow here.
The blog is live right here already. And
this is like a really oh man jenzee sort
of like post about trying to make a
boring topic interesting. All of that is
engineered into this workflow here,
which is just like a three-step 01
workflow, taking the YouTube content,
making really good blog sort of output
from it. And then the cool thing is you
can take this whole workflow and run it
at scale by looping it over a Google
sheet of a thousand links if you want.
So you can make your like the same
reasoning you would apply to make the
perfect programmatic SEO page for like
one topic, you could feed in 800 topics
and apply the same reasoning just over
time. Go get a coffee and come back and
all your content's done.
So for instance, we have a programmatic
site for pet cremation leads and we have

[38:00]
site for pet cremation leads and we have
5,500 landing pages which represents the
top 1100 cities in the US and Canada by
population and then we have like three
keywords pet cremation, horse cremation,
pet youth in Asia and it's all in web
flow. You're saying that we could put
like all the keywords in a Google sheet,
all the city names in a Google sheet, a
prompt, maybe the same sheet, different
columns, a prompt that says like, "Hey,
give give us a fun fact about this city
and then tell us the population of this
city and something unique and it can
just generate all these different
landing pages for so every so no two no
two landing pages are the same." 100%.
Yeah. Also, the founder of Web Flow is
is an adviser to Gum Loop because
they're big users. Oh, the guy who was
doing education at Web Flow most
recently, Aaron, he joined our team. So,
he does education for Gum Loop now
because he loves Gum Loop so much.
That's amazing. But you can totally do
that. That's a a slam dunk use case. I
mean, people people charge a lot a lot
of money for programmatic SEO as a
service and it could just be built on
top of this without much technical

[39:01]
top of this without much technical
knowledge. Exactly. You just play with
some Lego blocks and get the value. What
about the the meta ads one? This one is
really cool. I mean, you put in a link
to your competitor's Facebook page. It
gets all of the ads they have running
off Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook, like
the whole meta stack. It runs all of
those through Gemini to watch the ad,
look at the copy, tell me what they're
advertising, like what is this strategy
for this specific ad. And then for,
let's say there's 50 of them, it
stitches all of that together into one
massive prompt, all the descriptions,
and runs it through 01, which is just
like a thoughtful large model, and it
makes a report saying what this
competitor is focusing on from an ads
perspective right now. So, you get this
thoughtful report that's formatted with
logos and stuff and links embedded, like
the whole research report in your inbox,
and you can schedule it to run every
Friday at 9:00 a.m. So, you get like the
week's update on your competitor's ad
strategy. Oh my gosh. I mean, every
single one of these flows is a business.
Like, that's how I see the world, right?
Like, you see the world as gum loop, and
you should. That's what you're building.
But like, I see this is like I could I
could start a Facebook ads reverse

[40:00]
could start a Facebook ads reverse
engineering as a service, right? Pay me
$300 a month. I'll send you an email
every Friday with your top three
competitors. It's going to tell you are
they doing 34% display ads, 13% stories,
you know, Facebook, Instagram, is it
Instagram video post, carousel, fully
automated. And it, as far as your
customers know, you're spending four
hours a week doing this for them by
hand. No, it's awesome. And then you can
also do it for like 10 different
competitors and string that into one
larger report. So you can do a
comparative analysis against like six at
the same time or 10 at the same time.
What I would like to use this for is I
have a paid I have a newsletter, a free
newsletter, but sometimes I use meta ads
to acquire subscribers. And I would love
it to run a report from the Facebook ad
library every Friday and say, "Show me
any Facebook or meta ads that have been
active for six months, which tells me
that they're high performing ads that
have the word newsletter or podcast in
them." And then every week I can just
kind of see what other people are doing,
like what ads have been around for six
months, aka what ads are performing
really well. Or you can even have it
cross reference the UK version of the

[41:01]
cross reference the UK version of the
meta ads library because in the UK they
have to disclose like how much money
people are spending on their ads. This
is like the the reason Gum Loop exists.
So like I would never have known that an
ad that is up for six months is valuable
or that the UK has to give you the ad
spend that people have on it. But if you
have that knowledge and you know how to
use tools, you can build software that
is immensely valuable without needing to
be an engineer. It's just a matter of
like applying niche knowledge to
tooling. I feel like there needs to be a
whole community built around just people
people starting businesses on Gum Loop.
Not just using it, right? Like that's
sure, but like starting businesses,
reselling services, white labeling gum
gum loop in in unique or even I think
white labeling gum loop in simple ways
is even more unique, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean if you use our web
hook, you can build your own web flow
page for example with a form where you
put in like the competitor's ad Facebook
ad link and then the email will be sent
and they don't even know Gumbloop's
involved. It's just powering the product
that is customerf facing for you. So

[42:01]
that is customerf facing for you. So
white labeling is is really easy in that
regard. Oh, that's beautiful. Well, this
has been awesome. Is there anything else
you want to leave us with or show us?
There's a bunch of features I didn't
show off like the ability to make custom
integrations with LLMs. That's really
funny. I have a question for you, too.
But yeah, please. I won't go too deep
into it. It's going to look different in
a week from now, so there's no point
demoing it. But essentially, like if we
don't have an integration that you
really want, that's going to change. We
are we're scaling the integrations first
and foremost with this new MCP paradigm
that I haven't touched on. But also, you
can make your own custom integration
that is just a prompt away. Basically,
you ask for what the API you want to hit
is or like the third party we're not
integrated with and then it will write
the code for you, deploy it for your
team and then you have this like totally
custom little tool. Kind of like a mini
replet inside of Gum Loop. Exactly.
Yeah. Codegen but simplified into
workflows. That's powerful. So the
question I had is when you were
describing the the meta ads analyzer,
you said you send it through Gemini
first, then you finish with 01. Like

[43:00]
first, then you finish with 01. Like
what do you suggest people use? What
models do you suggest people use for
different tasks? When to use Gemini,
when to use Claude, etc.? Good question.
It really is an artistic choice, I
think. Like it's a preference. Like some
people like Pepsi, some people like Diet
Coke, some people like Claude, some
people like OpenAI. I always go for the
most powerful model when I need the most
reasoning. So for like the analysis for
each ad, I might use a GPT40 because
it's it's smart. And then when I want to
do the analysis over 50 ads from the
GPT4 analyses like stitched together,
that's more of a a long-term like or
long form reasoning task that needs an
01 or would perform better with an 01.
And then if like let's say Instacart is
labeling 80,000 lines of produce, I
would say don't use 01 for each labeling
task. Use like GPG 40 Mini or Gemini 2.0
or Gemini 2.5 now, whatever they call
it, Gemini Flash. use like a a cheaper
model that is faster because sometimes
the task is so easy. It's like there's a
a produce label, there's the name of the

[44:00]
a produce label, there's the name of the
the item and there's an image and I'm
saying like is this beer supposed to be
labeled produce? Like that is an obvious
task. So I use a cheap fast model for
that and then it costs almost no money
to get reasoning at scale. What about
just for web research like for your
inbound leads and then for writing
emails? I am not really cost-sensitive.
Like the all of these workflows are so
important to me that I would rather have
better reasoning than save like half a
cent by using a worse model. So I'll
normally just stick with GPD40 or cloud
3.7 is is exceptional. Okay. For either
one of those. Yeah, I I normally like
just switch between them. I think Claude
is a little bit better at the creative
writing style stuff, so I use it for
that. But some people would probably
disagree with me. Awesome. Well, this is
perfect, Max. Thank you for your time.
Obviously, we can find you at
gumloop.com. If people want to reach out
to you, where can they find you? I'm on
Twitter a lot. It's my full name. So,
just max broer. Maybe it's we'll link to
it. Sweet. I'm pretty active there. Same
thing with LinkedIn. Full name. Yeah.
Okay. Well, thank you for your time.

[45:01]
Okay. Well, thank you for your time.
Sweet. Great to meet you. All right.
What' you think? Please share it with a
friend and we'll see you next time on
the Kerner