[00:00]
What are some interesting businesses you
think we or people could start with this
new image gen technology? There's so
many, dude. 500 bucks a month and go get
a 100 landscaping companies to pay you
for like literally what is a tight form.
You can now go do that so fast. Dude,
someone could test this today.
AI/digital to physical opportunities.
I'm incredibly bullish on that. Why
would I pay for this? Because I can just
ask ChatGBT to do it for me. Awesome.
You are the minority. You are correct.
Here's what someone should do right now.
All right, we're back at the Kerner
office and you know Sam Thompson, he's
been on like 15 times now. I had him on
again. We checked in with everything
he's working on in AI, building apps,
vibe coding. He built his own CRM and
then we started talking about Chad GPT's
image generation ideas within the home
services niche as a home service
business owner, as a potential marketing
agency. My mind exploded. So, you're
going to love this. It's in two parts.
Second part, you know how this goes,
will be a week from today. And I hope

[01:00]
will be a week from today. And I hope
you love it. Share with a friend. What
do you think of this new chat GPT update
where it has carries your memory across
chats, dude? I love it. It's amazing.
Yeah. Yeah. I had three people in my
chat GPT account. I had a kid at church
I'm mentoring, my wife was in there cuz
she doesn't have it on her phone for
whatever reason, my daughter, and then
one of my employees. And I kicked them
all out. I'm like, "You're done. You're
cut off. You're messing up my data. This
is my best friend, my therapist. I'm
gonna use Chad GPT until the day I die.
And I want it to learn about me and not
random people with random prompts. I
want you to do this. Do me a favor real
quick. Open your Chad GPT. Yeah. And you
can be selective. You don't need to read
it, but I want you to ask it. Tell me
some of the most interesting prompts
I've ever given you. Oh, interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. I forgot all about these
prompts. I'm going to hit you with
another one to do. Yes. Some of them it
read back to me like, "Oh, that's
embarrassing."
It was, "Knowing everything you know

[02:00]
It was, "Knowing everything you know
about me, write a prompt that would
explain how I think and operate as if
I'm a machine running on instructions."
Whoa, bro. I like that one. Then you get
deeper and then the next one I asked
was, "Knowing everything you know about
me, what do you think my biggest
weaknesses are?" It was pretty spot-on,
like too many levers, not enough focus,
which you and I deal with. founder
bottleneck risk stuff that's really
relying on me discomfort with slowness
and boredom underutilized personal brand
like dude it's spoton then I asked it
based on all of this what should I focus
on for the next 90 days firing yourself
from the bottlenecks turning your
strategic brain into content doubling
down on what's working right like I was
going back and forth with it for a
minute okay what what was yours tell me
the
All right. Speed over perfection. Done
today is better than perfect next week.
Thousand%. Yep. Leverage is king. If it

[03:00]
Thousand%. Yep. Leverage is king. If it
doesn't scale through media, people, or
tech, it's a hobby. Test fast. Listen to
real world feedback. Clarity kills
noise. You hate fluff. You want punchy,
simple answers with real numbers, clear
winners, and tactical pass. Polarity
drives growth. You welcome haters, hot
takes, and edge. Conflict is free
marketing. Emotions are data. You read
people fast, lead with calm energy, and
reset polarity. when needed. Content is
capital. Default aggressive. If you have
an idea and 5K, it's enough to validate.
If it hits, poor
gas. Loyalty to truth, not tradition.
You'll torch old models, even if you
built them. Ego never slows progress.
These quotes are amazing. Ego never
slows progress. Memory is a weapon. You
track everything. Metrics,
relationships, performance, then act
with surgical precision. It's fire.
That's amazing. It's fire.
So, what are some killer prompts that
you've used? So, it actually pulled up
another one that's similar, which was uh
I said, "Let's engage in serious
roleplay. You are a CIA investigator

[04:01]
roleplay. You are a CIA investigator
with full access to all of my chat GBT
interactions. Compile an intelligence
report about me as if I was a person of
interest." Very interesting, dude. Does
a full CIA psychoaval on you. Another
one I did was knowing everything you
know about me, create a personal SWAT
analysis. I like that one.
Tons, tons of creative image prompts,
dude. Turn this into a Leroy Neman
painting. Turn this photo into a a 1980s
hard goth rock
poster. Oh. Oh, morning and night
supplement stack. If I can only take
four supplements in the morning and four
at night, what's the stack that gets me
the best results? I've been training it
on like my stats like on Whoop and stuff
and basically trying to turn it into
like a a more robust like trainer. I'll
ask it what equipment do I need to buy?
I'll ask like all of that stuff. And so
that's a whole another one. What about
just like some random questions you've
asked it? Incinus tide schedule.

[05:05]
That was this weekend. I saw a video of
this like plane that costs 10 grand that
you don't need a pilot's license to fly
because of like the size of the engine.
And I'm like, "Holy crap, this is
awesome." So I I said, "What happens if
the engine dies on an Aerolite 103? Is
it okay if my stakes are still a little
ll a little frozen before I sued
them? Show me my blind spots." That one
was very eye opening. Yep. Yep. That's a
good one, dude. that's in line with that
like self-reflection vibe, which I think
those are like somebody somebody tweeted
it the other day that they were like, "I
like maybe it was you. They were like, I
like talking to Chat EPT as like my
therapist because there's no it's like
100% logical. Like there's no judgment.
There's no whatever. They just like
takes the inputs. And so I think it it
was very interesting when I was doing
like the CIA prompts and and all of
those. You like start to really get a

[06:00]
those. You like start to really get a
feel. The way I described it is it gave
me language that helped me define myself
better. When you were reading yours and
you were like, "Yo, like that quote is
really good." And it's like, yeah, like
I never like I definitely am this way,
but I never would have like described it
using those words. And I think that that
has that has helped a lot. And so like
little stuff like that I think is
there's a bunch of these like little
random ones, dude. Like one and
interesting is please rewrite this
clause in a legally binding text
message.
That's interesting. Yeah. I wanted an
amendment to a contract and I was like,
can we just do this over text? And it
was like, yeah. And I was like, please
write this in a way that allows for me
to send this via text and have him
agree. And he did. It was sick. I've
used it for for like quick contract
review a lot lately. Oh, I did that like
an hour ago. I made the sourdough
comment like a half hour ago with you.
Yeah. It says, "You treat everything
like a business and sometimes forget to

[07:00]
like a business and sometimes forget to
just enjoy it." Like, how do you know
that?
I know. It's like, dude, I have another
business idea. Dude, I have another
business idea. Yeah. Yeah, I feel that.
Anyway, what are some interesting
businesses you think we or people could
start with this new image gen
technology? Do you think it's as big as
everyone's hyping it up to be? It's so
hard to tell. Like every new update from
every new company is like the next big
thing. It changes everything. Right.
Right. I had that one tweet go silly
viral about the coloring book thing.
Tell us about it because most probably
didn't see that. It was the day after
the image gen stuff came out and I'm
sitting there in the vets's office and
there's this book next to me that's like
a children's guide to pet care or
whatever. And I open it up and I'm
looking at it and it's a coloring book.
And I was like, "Oh, that's
interesting." thing. And so, like, I pop
open chat GPT while I'm sitting in the
waiting room and I upload one of Lauren
and my engagement photos. And I all I
said was, "Turn this into a coloring
book." And it popped out something very
similar to this. And I was like, "Oh,
dude, that's awesome." In the same day

[08:01]
dude, that's awesome." In the same day
that Lauren and I are having a
conversation around what should we do as
like party favors for the wedding. And I
was like, "Oh, dude, it would be sick to
like print out a bunch of these custom
coloring books to like give to all of
the guests at the wedding as just like a
fun whatever." She did not like that
idea. F. We're not doing that. She did
not want boxes of crayons all over the
venue. The point of it was like, "Oh,
wait. Like, this would be super fun for
kids or whatever to like go and create
these custom images." And so, I just
tweeted it and it went silly viral.
million views, 8,000 something likes.
Mhm. And a bunch of people being like,
"This won't work." But of course, and
it's like go viral if they didn't say
that, right? 100%. So, I was happy about
it. But there's been a bunch of people
that have been selling things similarly
on Etsy, right? Like, it's not like I
had some genius idea that no one else
had thought of before. It's like people
are actually already selling this and
there's hundreds of reviews on some of
these Etsy sellers. But to go back to
like your question around like the AI

[09:02]
like your question around like the AI
image gen like two things are true. Do I
think that these will exist as
standalone products? Sure, for a second.
And the best marketer will make the most
money is like really what it comes down
to. Like the low barrier to entry to do
something like that. Best marketer wins.
Not even like the best marketer, but the
marketer that finds the right channel
angle pricing first. Yes. Right. It's
just which is like why we talk about
testing non-stop. All that testing will
find you to the right combination 100%.
If your conversion rate is 3% on a $29
product and 7% on a 19 like you now know
which one makes you more money. Like you
just have to keep playing the game. I
think that that will be relatively
shortlived just as the adoption curve,
right? like more people like I posted
that on Twitter and all the people on
Twitter know about the image gen. So
they're like why would I pay for this
because I can just ask chat GBT to do it
for me. Awesome. You are the minority.

[10:01]
for me. Awesome. You are the minority.
You are correct. You would never pay for
this. But Sally Joe that's a 65year-old
grandmother in
Witchah has no idea that she can she
doesn't even know Chad GPT is a thing.
Sam Alman who? Right. Like never met
him. Did he go to your high school?
Right. Like they they don't know. And so
it's like she would she gets an ad
saying turn your your kids graduation
photos into a custom coloring book and
she wants to do that. Sweet. She'll pay
you 19 bucks. I promise that will be
short shorter lived. Shortlived not mean
like you can do it for the next 6
months. Like I think shortlived being
like you have a three four year timeline
to be able to go and like stack a bag
doing
this. So that's standing up new
businesses on the back of it. Where I
see more impact is in like existing
businesses. Like we talked about it a
little bit, but like Creative OS is just
like worth frothing at the mouth because
we have all of the proprietary content
data to then feed into it, right? Where

[11:00]
data to then feed into it, right? Where
it's like, you know, you give Chad GPT a
Creative OS template that's a proven ad
creative and a product photo of your
product and like they will then merge
them into a single ad creative. And so I
think that's that's the side of the game
that I'm paying more attention to is
like, oh, like Facebook ad agencies are
getting 10 times more effective. One of
my really good friends does email and
landing page and it's like he now has
ChatGBT mocking up samples of emails
based on his team's asset library and a
new client bringing in their product.
not that they're going to go like have
it replace his designers, but like as a
step one that expedites the research
expedite like and so I'm starting to see
that piece of it. And to me that's more
interesting is like where is their
graphic design already happening that
can be expedited, accelerated or
replaced with this tool. And so I don't

[12:00]
replaced with this tool. And so I don't
know that's the interesting the
interesting one. Then you get into video
which is a whole
another combo. The impact of it will be
felt just more granularly on existing
businesses. Now it's opportunity for new
people to go and start stuff but shorter
lived I think. Let's do something on the
fly here. Go to the Sora homepage. For
those listening, Sora is chat GPT's
image generator and you can generate
image images within Chad GBT. But if you
do it within Sora, you've got more
flexibility, more options. I think it's
interesting to come to Sora and to sort
by the most liked and to think of some
rapper ideas based on these prompts and
designs because Sora will give you the
prompt that whoever used to create this
thing. So, I just love coming here and
just scrolling and and just kind of
brainstorming, you know, like what is
there to build? Like what simple dumb
rapper could you build based on one
picture prompter video that you see here
on Sora? One of them that I've thought

[13:00]
on Sora? One of them that I've thought
about that some of these are reminding
me of it's all like image modification.
And so like we we moved into our house a
few months ago and I've been thinking
we're now at the the time of decor where
we can start to pick photos and we had
our engagement photo shoot and we don't
necessarily want to just go put like a
portrait of us up on the wall, right?
like just like your kind of classic
cheesy like holding hands b right and so
I had looked at you know how can we go
and get some more custom art and there's
a there's a company that
does you can like send them your photo
and they'll have an artist paint it in
oil right and send it to you and you can
put that on the wall and that's what I
was the one prompt that I mentioned of
like the funny prompts that I given it
was like that Leroy Neman painting and
so it's like you can go create like what
look like watercolor art or specific art
styles of these and then do print on

[14:01]
styles of these and then do print on
demand of the canvas of that for people.
The other one that I did, I was in
Phoenix a couple weeks ago hanging out
with Lauren's niece and she's got this
little guitar, this like little play.
She's three or whatever and so she's got
this little like toy almost like a
Guitar Hero type thing. You press the
buttons and it plays. and we took a
picture of her and we said, "Turn her
into a Pixar princess rock
star right as the image." And then it
made it and I showed it to her brother
and he was like, "Oh my gosh, like can
we print out a handful of those like put
on her wall so that she can see herself
as a princess versus like throwing
Cinderella up on a poster." Oh, right.
It's now it's now her sitting there like
with with a guitar toy that she
recognizes as hers or like with the
neighbor's dog that she loves that's now
this Pixar animated dog like and so I

[15:00]
this Pixar animated dog like and so I
think there's stuff like that. It's like
hyperpersonalization.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gets super
interesting. And even looking and like
scrolling through some of these like
that art style type stuff is super
interesting. Dude, you familiar with
chatbooks?
So my one of my first bosses, his name
is Nate Quigley. He he moved to Utah
from Florida and started a company
called uh Chatbooks. And chatbooks
basically you sync up your Google photos
and your Instagram and then you can make
physical photo books like 30 it's very
standardized like 30 60 or 90 pages
right and they're like I don't know 6x6
in uh photo books and either like you
can have a subscription where like
everything you post to Instagram that
month will be mailed to you in a photo
book every month which is genius or you
can just pick and choose these photos
from your iCloud folder or you can just
like pick and choose photos from
Instagram genius business and they had
this ad for it go super viral and they
like I think it's like a $30 million a

[16:01]
like I think it's like a $30 million a
year business or something which is
crazy. Yeah. I see a lot of like
AI/digital tophysical opportunities like
I I think that's the biggest player
which is what you're saying bringing AI
augmented like realistic photos
hyperpersonalized into like a physical
print or a physical object. I'm
incredibly bullish on that. Like what if
you had a chatbooks for for what you're
saying, like for wall art, where you
just say, "Hey, uh let's say you've got
a three-year-old girl. I want you to
give me 30 pictures of your
three-year-old girl in her natural
environment playing with her favorite
toys or in her sandbox or whatever, and
I'm going to send back 20 images, and
I'm going to discern, oh, okay, she's
wearing a frozen dress in three of these
pictures. Oh, okay. She's playing with
Tonka trucks in three of these
pictures." I'm going to generate images
that incorporate some or all of those
things in like a a hyper realistic or
hyper imaginative. Maybe you could have

[17:01]
hyper imaginative. Maybe you could have
like a couple tags where like tag it as
Disney or and it'll it'll apply certain
themes to it and then it will give you
all these images and then you can I mean
freaking you want it on a t-shirt, you
want it on wallpaper, you want it on a
coaster, a plate, you name it. It's the
same deal where like, dude, people have
been buying
customized things forever. It's like
what Etsy is, right? It's like, yeah,
everyone wants their name on a t-shirt.
Everyone wants their photo on a mug.
Everyone wants their their, you know,
whatever it is. And it's like this adds
a layer of creativity to that where it's
like
somebody I mean a friend of both of ours
does pretty well in this space of
creating. There's like a bunch there's
like uh what's that one company called?
They do you send them a picture of their
pet and then they have someone like
handdraw it and then they send it to
you, right? Like that has all
existed forever. Like now you can your

[18:01]
existed forever. Like now you can your
barrier to entry to making that happen
is like oh I don't need to go hire five
designers to like create these by hand.
It's like here's our collection of all
of these things. Send me six photos of
your car and I'll do you know whatever
it is. And so it's like you can now go
do that so fast. And the same idea of
getting those images printed onto
something physical. You could do the
same thing with digital. You could just
generate the images with a watermark,
pay $1 to have the highquality download
version of that. Make it your Facebook
profile picture. And all of the print on
demand stuff is very attainable.
Printful, Printify, Pod Partners, Pixie
Set, there's like 9 million of the
fulfillment engines on the back. And so
it's like you don't have to deal with
any of the actual printing, shipping.
It's like you handle the marketing and
the image generation where they say yes,
we're good to go. Off to the races. So
video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.

[19:01]
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
tkopod.com. And so like the moment that
that image gen API becomes available, I
think you'll see the market flooded with
that kind of stuff. And again, best
marketer wins. like whoever can come up
with the channel, the positioning, like
like whoever whoever gets to like
Pinterest ads
first wins. You know what I mean? Like
Yeah. Or Etsy ads or, you know, any of
those. But I I don't know. Pinterest ads
feels like the ICP is just so spot-on
for something like that. Oh, I'm just
like I'm having a hard time focusing on
what you're saying cuz I'm thinking of
all these possibilities. There's so
many, dude. And like you can do them
broad, but you also can niche down into
like literally any market. It's like you
could go after like youth sports teams,

[20:01]
could go after like youth sports teams,
right? Where it's like, hey, we'll get
you we'll get you, you know,
uh pictures of like your players as
animated characters dunking as if they
were a 2K player. Like turn yourself
into a 2K player for your wall, you
know? It's like there's pieces of it
like that that just like or turn
yourself into a GTA like for your wall.
There's just so many of those niches and
it goes back to the same stuff that we
talked about last week or last whenever
we talked which was like that guide book
testing space. Same model like one
Shopify store, a bunch of different
products, test ads, see what hits. You
start as a general store and then you
realize, holy smokes, the number one
market that is that we're winning on is
weddings and wedding gifts and whatever.
We're just going to double down and go
full weddings after you tested eight
things. I'm typing in a prompt right now
to test an idea like trim. So, do you

[21:00]
to test an idea like trim. So, do you
ever get anything in the mail with
that's like a a picture of your house or
your address and it's like now buying
houses in this area like we'll make you
a cash offer for your house. Do you ever
see stuff like that? Imagine if you use
this image gen API, upload a list of
addresses for a neighborhood and you
take in Texas, one thing that's really
popular right now is all these red brick
homes. Like I swear 80% of the homes
here are red brick. A lot of people are
painting them white, just white painted
brick, a lot of times with black trim.
You could just upload a list of
addresses and then you could use, you
know, the Google Earth API to pull a
pictures of all those homes. Upload the
picture and say, "Show me this home with
white paint and black trim." And then
you could use like your generic direct
mail API. They're all over the place.
And you could send all those beautiful
pictures to the homes and say, "Wouldn't
your home look great like this?" to give
us a call. Like if you were like a home
painting company or anything and like
like insert anything like use the
pictures of the backyard. Wouldn't you

[22:01]
pictures of the backyard. Wouldn't you
love a pool that looks like this? And
it's like a custom picture of their
backyard. Creepy, which is good because
it gets people talking and offended.
Yeah. They're like, "Dude, what is this,
dude?"
Anything. It's so funny. It reminds me,
this is like very OG version of it. When
my when my
grandparents first moved into one of
their their property down in San Diego,
one day, dude, they got a knock. This is
like the '9s, they got a knock on the
front door, and it was this dude that
was going door to door. He had just that
morning taken a flight in his plane over
the neighborhood and took photos of
every single person's house from the sky
and would go door to door and sell them
the photos of their own house from the
sky. Dude,
I'm like there's so many offs like that.
My uncle does that for a living. That's
hilarious.
He he also does it in kind of a creepy

[23:00]
He he also does it in kind of a creepy
way where he'll go to like sporting
events and take pictures of the kids and
then approach the parents and say, "Hey,
do you want to buy these?" And we're
like, "Hey, bro,
that's Let's not." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
That's so funny, dude. Dude, I'm going
to share my screen. I just took a
picture of a home. I want to see it. I
want to test it. I'm I'm literally on
Zillow right now trying to grab photos
of one of these. Look at this picture.
That's the home. I said, "Show this
white painted brick with black trim."
That's the before. Dude, it's just
it's begging to be done. You see the
decorative brick right there above the
door? It's all there. It's begging to be
done. Now, granted, it went from a
threec car to a twocar garage, but minor
details. So, now add the add a prompt
and say, "Okay, let's do the
landscaping, dude." Oh, okay. Okay.
Let's do the landscaping in the front. I
like this. I'm assuming this is like a
Texas property. Yes.
Show me a super welldesigned landscaped

[24:00]
Show me a super welldesigned landscaped
front yard that
incorporates
shrubbery and plants native to North
Texas on the white house. That's exactly
what I was trying to get to. All right,
let's see. I'm so excited. Yeah, like
this is this is where it's like and then
all of a sudden every single landscaping
business on the planet is just going
around sniping photos. Dude, this is so
good. Every dude, imagine for you guys
with the tree trimming. It's like take a
picture of a big ass tree in front of a
house and say, "Show me like make this
photo after the tree is trimmed." And
it's just before and after. Or dude, you
just scrape images of houses in an
entire city and then you could say scrub
out all the ones that don't have trees
in the front yard. Done. Scrub out all
the ones that don't have well-trimmed
trees in the front yard. Done. Now, show
me, take all those pictures and make the
trees super well trimmed. Okay. So, you
go from like 10,000 homes to like a 100

[25:01]
go from like 10,000 homes to like a 100
homes. But then you only send direct
mail, Sam, to those 100 homes and
instead of your point.5% conversion
rate, it's like a 5% conversion rate for
the same amount of marketing dollar
spent. This is the part I was talking
about where like this is the change like
that's sure you can go launch a coloring
book business stuff like this is the
meat and potatoes that are going to like
or offering this as a service to
landscaping like how many years is it
before answer this question before 10%
of landscaping companies are doing
anything remotely close 10% I just want
10% of them to be using this technology
in their marketing how many years before
that happens 10 10 years literally it's
going to it's going It's going to be
when the next generation buys it is like
really what it comes down to. Like cuz
the winners are going to do stuff like
they're not Dude, they don't they don't
you say Sora and they're like who's
that? Hey dude, look at that. Look at
that dude shrubbery. That's pretty

[26:02]
that dude shrubbery. That's pretty
nifty. That's not bad. Now say we can
even say is this in Sora? Is this Sora
still? Can you just ask just be like
chat GPT create a just say create a list
of the types of shrubs included in this
photo.
It says dwarf y Texas sage Mexican
feather grass purple skull cap. I don't
know any of this stuff. But like there
you go. Now you can go walk up and just
sell them that. Be like dude look at
this. We'll paint it white. We'll do all
this front. Then you can ask it. This
home is worth 800,000 in the before
photo. What do you think it's worth
after? Oh, we can appreciate the ho home
by $80,000. This is only going to cost
you 30 to do. We can get this done in 3
weeks. You know, whatever it is. But
like, yeah, all of a sudden they can
actually visualize the end state. Dude,
I'm just thinking of like Highland Park,
Dallas, you know, million to30 million
homes. And if you were to be a
landscaping company and just blast all

[27:01]
landscaping company and just blast all
of them, every door direct mail and say,
"Mike's landscaping. calls for a 10% off
discount verse this picture a little bit
more money and you're really just paying
for the image generation credits but the
same amount of money for the direct mail
and just with like something simple
added like your prompt could be like
take this already beautiful yard because
these are $10 million homes and just add
some subtle features to it right and
then just send it out what what's your
hit rate going to be on that here's my
framework Sam here's my framework it
always comes back to friction, right?
Why is there Google autocomplete when
you start typing? Because Google knows
that you needs you need to know what to
type. It wants to remove the friction.
Even on chat GBT, it tells you what to
prompt, right? People want to have nice
yards, but they're not landscaping
designers. They don't know if they have
enough disposable income to pay 10 grand
to have a better-l looking yard. The
friction between not knowing what it
should look like will likely prevent

[28:00]
should look like will likely prevent
them from ever spending that money which
could be allocated towards that expense.
They just don't know top of mind. You
have to give them the idea. Yeah. It's
like it dude it's it's funny. You
remember my trip trip the trip planning
AI software like little mini thing that
I did. Dude, it's that same thing. Like
imagine this. You upload a photo of the
front of your home. You put where you
live, what type of vibe you like, what
your budget is, and then it goes and go
grabs all the plants, makes the mockup,
paints the thing white, like all of it
just because you filled out eight
things. Mhm.
I Well, we talked about it a little bit
when I built that, but like I was doing
that as a consumerf facing product. Pay
me 20 bucks and I'll do it. The real
money is going to be building that exact
same thing but integrating it directly
into landscaping companies CRM. Yeah,
you get unlimited custom mockups,

[29:00]
you get unlimited custom mockups,
graphics, and quotes for your product
for your house for for all your
potential clients for 500 bucks a month
and go get a 100 landscaping companies
to pay you for like literally what is a
tight form. Upload photo, add budget,
where is the location so that it knows
what type of plans to give you. Like, do
you want a pool? Yes or no? Right? They
could do it live while they're sitting
there talking to somebody door like
doortodoor sales. Oh, yeah. I can get
you a mockup right now. Do you want you
want a pool? Oh, yeah. Do you want a koi
pond? Yep. Oh, do you want Yep. Oh,
sweet. Well, what's the budget? Oh, 20.
Cool. Here's what's good. Five minutes
later, here's what your house is going
to look like. Sign here. Like, my gosh,
game over, dude. Here's what someone
should do right now. Hell yeah, dude.
Look at the koi pond. So, I I I
generated a koi pond with a subtle
waterfall. Yes. What would it cost to
install that koi pond? 20 grand, 15
grand? Ask ask.

[30:01]
grand? Ask ask.
Good idea. What would it cost in North
Texas to install a pond like that? Dude,
someone Do you know what Valpack is?
Yeah, it sounds familiar. It's like uh
it's this marketing company that they go
sell ads to local businesses and then
they stuff like an envelope full of like
50 paper ads and then they just mail
them unsolicited. You don't opt into it
to every homeowner in an area. Yeah.
Like I get those. I look at them
sometimes because I'm curious. I would
just get one of those or you can even go
to valpac.com and like you can type in a
zip code and see what ads they're
running there and then you can find the
local businesses that already find
direct mail effective. They're already
spending on it. That's your lowest
hanging fruit. Then you just pick up the
phone and you call Mike the owner
because it's probably his cell phone
number and say, "Dude, why are you
throwing away your money to Valpack?
Look at this picture I just sent you."
And you go ahead and you use deep
research, Sam. You type in Mike's

[31:01]
research, Sam. You type in Mike's
address or his name and you say, "Do a
deep research on Mike. He lives in this
zip code. He's a business owner. I want
to know his address. Here's his
address." Then you generate an image of
his front yard and you give him some
baller landscaping and you text it to
him and say, "I can do this for all of
your customers. Like, what would this do
for your business?" And you can charge
whatever you want. You can use you can
use a tracked phone number to like
charge a percentage of the jobs that he
gets from your marketing specifically.
Literally. So, it's a this is a $15,000
job, it says. Boom. Or you could do it
DIY for five racks, dude. There you go.
There you go, dude. Yeah. Like, and so I
wonder, right, like how accurate that
is. Is that actually a $15,000 gig? And
if you're actually in the business, you
can you can tell it, hey, our going rate
on a subcontractor is 18 bucks an hour,
right? Like, here's the actual address.
here's how far it is away from the local

[32:01]
here's how far it is away from the local
Home Depot, right? Like you can get more
and more granular that like makes that
more we do it with uh technical SEO
audits for at unlimited content. Like we
run through it and we've refined it of
like hey this type of work costs us 12
bucks an hour. This type of work is 18
project out total number of hours based
on this audit. Like you can do it. We're
doing it on tech or like on digital
service but like same thing it will
happen there of like hey our home is
this big like this many levels what's it
going to cost for us to paint this color
it's like oh it's going to take three
guys 16 hours each cool that's here's
your price that's the stuff that's
interesting to me you can also go sling
custom coloring books if you want but
that sort of stuff like the B2B
application like there's a small segment
of people one that know that these tools
exist too that are thinking about it the
way that we are. Right. Right. Like
people might know that it exists, but
like you know, my cousin's not like,

[33:00]
like you know, my cousin's not like,
"Oh, dude, we could make custom like
upgrades to houses on here to then
generate lead." Like, no one's thinking
about that, dude. Now, everyone that
listens to this lovely podcast is, and
that's awesome cuz they can all go make
money doing it. But it's like, I bet you
you could get your local pool
installation company to pay you 500
bucks for you to make AI generated
mock-ups for every single prospect
that they want to reach out to to send
them a mailer. And especially if you can
if you can throw
in data like the pool one is super
interesting because you can get data
around what adding a pool does to your
price of the home. And it's like, hey,
your home is listed on Zillow at 700.
Homes in the area that are comps that
have pools are listed at 830. Yeah.
Here's a picture of what yours can look
like if we come in and do the backyard.
It's going to cost 50 grand, right? Like
you can start to like get way more data

[34:00]
you can start to like get way more data
into that that makes that pitch so much
more compelling. Oh, dude. Like first of
all, like use Zillow's API to scrape all
the homes that are listed. find have
chat GPT find all the pictures of
kitchens that do not look updated. And
yes, you can leave the prompt that
broad. It's going to know. You scrape
all those homes that don't look updated.
And then you say, "Show me an updated
version of that same kitchen with the
same layout, maybe granite countertops,
maybe different color cabinets or
whatever." And then you mail all those
pictures to the homes that are already
listed for sale in what's turning out to
be a down real estate market. And you
say, "Bro, this is a $20,000 kitchen
remodel." And in this zip code, homes
with remodeled kitchens sell for $50,000
extra dollars. Like, what are you doing?
Like, this this isn't a hot market
anymore. You got to stand out. Same
principle. Same thing. I don't know. I
think it's then you sell to real estate
agents who are trying to, you know, like
there's just Yeah, there's a bunch of
use cases like that that don't, you

[35:01]
use cases like that that don't, you
know, direct. It's not a direct
monetization to consumers.
Dude, dude, that looks real. So dude,
for those listening, this is your risk.
I I typed in a prompt of the house and I
said, "Show a realistic picture of a
massive tree that fell on the house and
is like going into the roof. Make sure
it looks realistic." And like that looks
that looks pretty real. And then you
just say protect on on the B. So then
you take this image, you take it into
banner bear which does the auto image
generation and it says attention owner
of insert address. Protect yourself from
this QR code tree trimming. I just know
that that family is going to have that
postcard around the kitchen table
passing it around and just saying that
looks so real, right? Like how much time
will they spend looking at that postcard
compared to any other postcard that
comes to their house of their house?

[36:00]
comes to their house of their house?
Yeah, it's the same reason I love you to
death. But really, the only podcasts of
yours that I listen to are the ones that
I'm on and Connor cuz Conor's a dog. But
it's the same thing. It's like, dude, if
it has a photo of my house, I'm look at
it. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Cuz we're all
conceited, right? It just plays on fear.
It plays on vanity. Everything. Yeah.
and I'd call you in a heartbeat to get
that off my house. Or dude, like let's
say you're you're a custom home builder
and I'm using real numbers from my local
area. The cost to remodel a home or to
add a new room or to finish a garage,
let's say it's 120 bucks a foot, but
homes in my area sell for 300 bucks a
foot, right? take all the pictures of
homes that have garages and show a
picture of that home where the garage is
now a bedroom and a bath or a game room
and say your house value today pull
Zillow API 323,000 your house value
after you enclose your garage 428,000
cost to do this 24,000 profit 86 you

[37:02]
cost to do this 24,000 profit 86 you
know what I'm saying like just put the
math like literally on the picture like
here's what's good do you want to make
$48,000 of home equity happen in 6
weeks. Sign here, dude. And someone
could test this today. They could like
act as if they have a home remodeling
company. They could send these mailers
out. They could count how many leads
they have and then bring that data to
the actual home remodeling company and
say, "I don't know anything about home
remodeling. A, you may want to buy these
leads. They might be stale by now. B,
I'll do this all over again, but for
you, and it's going to cost $5 a
postcard. What? I already did that
myself. It's 80ent." Well, do you want a
0.1% response rate or a 6% response
rate? And you don't even need to say
it's AI. You're like, dude, no. Do you
think it's simple to create these
pictures? Yeah. Yeah. It's like, dude, I
I was working on this all night, dude.
Yeah, I'm a fan. I'm a fan of that. I
didn't know we were going to go here.

[38:00]
didn't know we were going to go here.
Like, home services, image generation.
Okay. Like we said at the beginning, we
have we never get on the phone when
there's an agenda at all. We just kind
of let the vibes take it. And we hit a
little slump there 20 minutes in. We hit
a slump. We came out of it. Sh you off
to the races.
[Music]
Oh, dude. This I've got a headache
again. It happens to best of us. Make it
happen. Well, Sam, thank you for your
time. Always. We know where to find you.
We'll include everything in the show
notes. Twitter. I'm always around, dude.
All right. Come back one week from today
for part two of this episode where we
talk about what Sam is building with AI.