[00:00]
The image generation API was just
released by OpenAI. We're about to see a
gold rush. Like we're about to see a lot
of people make a lot of money very
quickly. Ads are the perfect output for
image generation because they make
people money. These marketers, they will
pay you a lot of money. It went from
unusable but cool to usable really
quick. Those things are going to do so
many millions of dollars in like the
first couple days. It's crazy. What are
the biggest opportunities in AI image
generation today for someone that has
nothing but internet connection and a
laptop? There's like a million apps that
can be built like that. One of those is
going to do incredibly well.
All right, I have a super interesting
guest today. His name is Jacob Posel and
he flew from Australia to San Francisco
to build a company inside a company. So,
he met a guy on Twitter that owns a
software business in San Francisco and
they want to build AI tools. So they
hire Jacob to build tools to fix the
problems that they had within their
companies, but also wanting to
eventually scale and sell that tool to
other companies as well. So this guy is
an AI hacker at heart. He's especially

[01:02]
an AI hacker at heart. He's especially
good at Chad GPT's new image generation
tool. And as luck would have it, the
image generation API just became
available today. So you will be hearing
business ideas for the first time with
technology that was never available
before today. I got so fired up, I
literally had to buy a domain name as he
was talking to me. And I'm going to
build at least two different software
tools solely based off this
conversation. This new image generation
API is a defining moment in ChatGpt's
history. It will enable so much
entrepreneurship. So, if you want to
hear from someone on the cutting edge of
this, we talk about how to build an
agency, how to serve ad agencies, how to
build chat GPT rappers with image
generation at its core, you're going to
love it. Please share with a friend.
Let's get right to it. What are the
biggest opportunities in AI image
generation today in your opinion for
someone that has nothing but an internet
connection and a laptop and a lot of
time? There's two ways to take this that
can create a lot of money and like okay
so today is the 23rd of April and the

[02:01]
so today is the 23rd of April and the
image generation API was just released
by open AI and so we're about to see a
gold rush like we're about to see a lot
of people make a lot of money very
quickly and so I would release this
quickly so that these people can take
advantage of that. The API was released
today and there's lots of different ways
you can take advantage. So a lot of
people who are not technical and who are
not nerdy and who are not on Twitter
don't know what chat chat GPT is capable
of. I was at an event with some friends
recently and we like took a group photo
and I was like, "Oh, I'm gonna like
giblify this image," which is like a
super common thing. And they were like,
"I have no idea what that means." And I
showed it to them. And you're in San
Francisco talking to people your age,
right? Yep. Exactly. They're in the
finance world, not in the tech world,
and they just they just didn't know. And
there's like a million apps that can be
built like that that take whatever
whatever you know everyone is loving
that Chad GPT does and just turn that
into a super focused app like Giblly Me
or whatever you want to call it or like

[03:00]
or whatever you want to call it or like
anime me. Mhm. Like one of those is
going to do incredibly well. And so you
can charge for it based on like you can
you can figure out the the math to make
it make sense where you sell like a
subscription and then maybe credits on
top to generate more images. Hope for
some virality using a tool like Tik Tok
or something like that. And like those
things are going to do so many millions
of dollars in like the first couple
days. It's crazy. Like it's that's
coming. And there's a lot of other
really cool use cases. Like one which
gets people really excited is you can
combine two people and be like what
would my kid look like? M
you know like there's so many Yeah. It's
like I did that with me and my fiance
and I took a photo. I was like what
would our kid look like? And we loved
it. It was like we were like I joked
that this is going to solve the
fertility problem. You know that people
are going to want to have kids once they
see these. We're all narcissists, right?
So if we want to solve the fertility
problem and chat GPT has to make us look
better than we actually look. And then

[04:00]
better than we actually look. And then
we're like, "Oh, that's a beautiful
baby. Let's have some kids." and the
kids do look super cute. Like it doesn't
matter who it is and stuff like that.
Like be creative there. Like see what
like just like off the top of my head
like what am I going to look like when
I'm older? That's like another one that
you can do when it comes to like feeding
into people's narcissism and arrogance.
Like people want to look at themselves
like what would I look like with
different hairstyles or with a beard?
What would I look like if I lost 30
pounds, right? I mean twothirds of
Americans are overweight. So there's
your market. Amazing. That's an amazing
idea. Yeah. There's like so many of
these like feed into people's
narcissism. People love looking at
versions of themselves. People love
taking photos of themselves and seeing
what you look like in different under
like a different context, like a
different in a different environment.
So, that's like something that is a
no-brainer. There's also like think of
other industries where imagery is
important. So like like for retail for
real estate photography, a really cool
one is like take an empty room and like

[05:01]
one is like take an empty room and like
fill it up with furniture for me and
like help with interior design. Another
one is like improving the lighting or
the vibe of like an air like an Airbnb.
I posted about that one and people hated
it, but there's got to be a there's got
to be like an ethical way to do that.
But yeah, there's like there's so many
of these. There's so many ways that we
interact with images in our life and any
of that is going to be very important to
people and we'll use this API. So that's
like the consumer virality side of it
and I think we're going to see a lot of
really creative people come up with a
lot of re really creative things. Jacob,
I have to apologize because I told you
before I hit record that I can't not
launch businesses. So when I said that,
you know what what would I look like if
I lost 30 pounds and I got your
validation that you liked it. I
literally just clicked purchase on
rightsizeme.com.
That's a good domain, isn't it? Amazing.
Amazing. Rightizeme.com. How much was
it? Done. 10 bucks. It was open.
Amazing. I own it. But like that's

[06:01]
Amazing. I own it. But like that's
totally something that people would
would pay for and then they would share
and then like that literally wasn't
available yesterday. Like it it would
have been very very hard to build that
yesterday, but today the API came out
and I think it's hilarious because six
days ago I posted a tweet showing like
pictures of homes in Texas of like what
would this home look like if it were
painted white? What would this home look
like if a if a large tree fell on it?
And I owned a tree trimming business and
I wanted to send personalized images of
people's homes with a tree on it to
incentivize them to pay for my tree
trimming services. And half of the
negative comments were like API's not
even available. And I'm like, "Give it a
week." That's what I said. I'm like,
"Give it a week." And here here it is 5
days later and it's available. Like
people look for so many excuses to not
launch. They like, "Oh, there's an
excuse. Yeah, I feel better about not
launching now." Yeah. Yep. It's so true.
People look for a million reasons not to
do something, but if you had been
preparing for it, you you could have
created like a really really great

[07:01]
created like a really really great
outcome for yourself starting today
because it was launched today, which is
which is pretty amazing.
Have you seen any image generation
rappers or tools? I know it just came
out today, but have you seen anything
that just started printing money right
off the bat regarding image generation?
No. I mean, unless you count JPT, but
like it literally was launched, I would
say two hours ago. Like literally two
hours ago. So, it's like too early to
have seen anything that could have
launched. What about like with Replet or
the other a image generation APIs? the
OpenAI image generation API was like a
chat like the GPT4 moment like if people
are familiar with that when it comes to
image generation it went from unusable
but cool to usable really quick and so
none of the other APIs were were viable
to do something like this and these ones
are viable to actually to get past that
like churn point you know like a lot of
AI apps have really high churn if it

[08:01]
AI apps have really high churn if it
just can't get past a certain point and
we're there now and So, no, I haven't
seen any, but like I guarantee we will
see a lot in the next coming days. Tell
me about what you were playing with a
couple weeks ago with these ads like
with the image generation tools and now
that the API is available, what
businesses do you think people could
start with what you were playing around
with on Twitter? Yeah. So, this is a big
one, which is ads are the perfect output
for image generation because they make
people money. Mhm. And so I had been
playing around with this idea of AI ads
for a long time before the image
generation API before the image
generation chat GPT was even a thing
this like new update. And then when it
was like long story short it was like
the first thing I tried because it's
something I I had obsessed over and
failed at for a long time before and I
had this like wow moment like it's
there, it's here, I can finally do it.
Um, and I started posting about it and
that kind of got a lot of traction, a

[09:00]
that kind of got a lot of traction, a
lot of people impressed. And so I think
we are going to see a big influx of AI
generated ads. And there is a very high
demand in performance marketers to
figure out how to use these ads, how to
use AI to generate more ads for them
because to like simpl oversimplify it,
the ad algorithms are starting to reward
volume and choice more than high focus.
And so a lot of these marketers are
trying to figure out systems to create a
lot of high creative output at a low
cost. And so the market is moving
towards that right now. There's a I can
say that with absolute certainty. And if
someone could figure out how to make it
work for these marketers, they will pay
you a lot of money because a single ad
unit can make them if a single ad cost
them a h 100red bucks, they could make
like $20,000 from that. You know, like
it's the easiest return on investment
for them ever. So that said, it's not
going to be as easy as people think it's
going to be. There's a lot of best

[10:00]
going to be. There's a lot of best
practices to be figured out. There's
like there's this whole concept of
prompt engineering when it comes to
regular AI applications, right? Like you
can't just go to an AI to an LLM and say
like do this task for me. That's not the
way you do it. You know, there's a
specific way you structure it. You give
it a role. You give it an output format.
You have to give it the right context.
So that similar concept is going to be
applied to image generation. How do you
optimize the output of images? And how
do you create a system and a process to
create the highest proportion of viable
ads and as far as I know that is
currently unsolved. And so if someone
wants to create a lot of value here for
themselves and capture that demand, I
would be focusing all my time on
figuring that out. Otherwise, you're
going to have a massive spike and a
massive churn. And maybe you'll like do
a little bit well in the beginning, but
you're not going to create valuable long
long-term business. Yeah. What are some
best practices for prompt engineering
images that you found? Do you use

[11:01]
images that you found? Do you use
reference images? What like do you ask
it to do it in a certain style? Like
what are your go-tos? Yeah. So, an image
is worth a thousand words. Same thing
applies here. If you can provide a
single reference image, that gives it
the AI so much more context into what
you want. Explain to everyone what a
reference image is or an example of one.
First of all, you can you can give it as
many images as you want. That's
something to that's something to take
into account. Specifically, when it
comes to ads, a reference image might be
an ad that you want to reproduce. So,
you have a company, a competitor, and
you really like one of their ads, but
you want this applied to your brand. So
the reference image can be one the
reference ad which is just a screenshot
of the ad that you like and two can be
your product and then you can get the AI
to combine those together and turn it
into an ad for your product. So just
clearly tell it that the ad is a
reference ad to reproduce and the image

[12:00]
reference ad to reproduce and the image
is your product image that you want
within that reference ad. Just be clear
about that. that will improve the
quality of the output like orders of
magnitude more than if you were to try
and describe that image to the AI.
Gotcha. Okay. What's a like an example
of doing that? A great example would be
you have a lot of people try and a lot
of people when they try and make ads
they take a winner and they want to
create a new variant of that ad a
diverse variant of that ad because once
an ad has been inside of a inside of an
ad network for long enough it becomes
fatigued. So you take a a winning ad and
you try and create a variant of that.
So, a really easy example
is take that winning ad, give it to give
it to the LLM and ask it to create a new
variant, a diverse variant of that ad.
Even better, give it to Sora and get it
to create four images, four variants. I
guess I'm kind of getting ahead of

[13:00]
guess I'm kind of getting ahead of
myself here, but like the API is going
to let you create like 50 variants of
that because now the API is available.
But yeah, so you're giving it a
reference, you're getting a new variant
of it, and you can pick the best one,
and you can use that to refresh your
account. What is the benefit of using
Sora for image generation versus just
within chat GPT? So this take might be
outdated with the API coming out, which
is something to consider, but a couple I
was going to say like most people aren't
going to use the API that are listening
to this in my opinion. So maybe not. An
app will come out I think that does
things better than Sora is the only
reason why I say that. So like Sora is
limited to creating four images at once.
With the API you can create more than
that. But with chat GPT you can only
create one image. So Sora is immediately
better because it creates four images in
parallel which is which means you have
more choice when selecting which one you
want to use. So store is great because
of that functionality because the images

[14:01]
of that functionality because the images
it's unlikely you're always going to get
the output that you want first try. it's
going to take a couple of attempts to do
it. Sora is also great because it has a
a library that you can reference of like
top ranked images and you can click on
it and you can see the prompt and that's
really amazing for for like learning and
for seeing what's working out there and
for getting ideas and this is going to
be this is unconfirmed. This is just a
little personal intuition. And I could
be completely wrong, but I think what
happened was OpenAI had two versions of
their image generation model. They had
like the main one which was initially
released and then they had a smaller
one. It might have been like an earlier
checkpoint or like there's a lot of
different ways that these engineers can
decrease the size of their models, but
that reduces quality. It it it reduces
compute demand and it lets them it lets
them output the images at a cheaper
cost, but it reduces quality. And I
think that they switched their chart GPT
model to a smaller one, the one that was

[15:01]
model to a smaller one, the one that was
used in CH GPT. And a lot of people
noticed that the output quality had
decreased, but I think they kept it in I
think they kept the original one in
Sora. When I was like testing GBT versus
Sora with the same prompt, the Sora
outputs were a lot better. And so I
think Sora does create high quality
images which may be just like may be
wrong but it's just a little bit of
intuition that I have about it. There's
just I mean there's just no point to use
chat GPT for image generation. You you
can move at least four times faster. It
likely maybe not definitely but likely
has a lower image quality output. So you
might as well use Sora. Like if you had
to choose gun to your head, you can only
generate images on Sora or you can only
generate videos on Sora. What do you
think is the bigger opportunity? Which
would you choose? Images for sure.
Videos. Videos still haven't had that
moment we spoke about before. They're
still unusable. They're still cool, but
unusable. It's a gimmick. So, yeah,

[16:02]
unusable. It's a gimmick. So, yeah,
exactly. It's fully a gimmick. So, video
is cool, but you know what's better?
long form audio via podcast and my
newsletter,
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week, very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week,
stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales
tkopod.com. You could think of it like
this. If you use if you use text, like I
would say 90% of outputs are going to be
good. If you use images, 60% of outputs
are going to be good. If you use video,
5% of apples are going to be good. So
that's until video can get to the that
certain threshold where it's useful. I
wouldn't really invest a lot of time
there. Let the let the guys with like a
ton of money training these models
invest their time there and when the
opportunity comes, take advantage of it.
Do you think there's an opportunity for
people to kind of surf the the Sora
library, sort by most liked, most
viewed, and think of like rapper ideas

[17:02]
viewed, and think of like rapper ideas
or business ideas based on what those
prompts are? Because for those that
haven't played around with Sora, like it
will show you what the prompt was
exactly to generate that image. Do you
think there's anything there? Yeah,
there's so many ways people get can get
creative here. Um, Sora is a great place
to go to just like get the get the brain
juices flowing and just thinking about
what's possible because people are so
creative. They're coming up with the
most creative things. I highly recommend
anyone listening to this just scroll
through Sora and just take a look at
their explore page. Anything that was
like a pre-existing filter that people
used, I would take a look at. There's so
many ways to get creative here. It's
just unbelievable. I'm really excited to
see what people come up with. Yeah.
Yeah, like I was looking at the the
explore page and there was a picture of
like Dumbledore, Hermione, and Harry
Potter in the gym. They were all like
jacked and it was this black and white
and it had the most likes and I'm like,
you could build a rapper out of that out
of that one prompt, right? Because
there's a billion people that love Harry
Potter. There's just so many ideas. Is

[18:01]
Potter. There's just so many ideas. Is
the prompt the most important part about
all this or is there something else that
that people are missing? So, it's task
dependent. If it's creating ads, it's
the reference image for sure. But okay,
think think of the reference image as a
part of the proc. It's all the it's not
actually truly separate in the way that
the AI ingests it. It can take two
different modalities and use them both
to create an output. And so if you are
trying to reproduce something, then the
image is the most important thing. If
you are trying to create something
completely new and creative that doesn't
require rep like reproducing something
real, then the text, the prompt is the
most important thing. Okay. What's an
example of when the prompt would be the
most important thing? No reference image
necessary or as relevant. So like for
example, if you're trying to create if
you're trying to create that like Harry

[19:00]
you're trying to create that like Harry
Potter scene, right? If you're trying to
create something truly creative and
truly novel or like something like a
fantasy using characters or themes that
are very very wellnown on the internet.
So like for example Harry Potter is very
well known on the internet and so the AI
already has a very good understanding of
what that is then no reference image is
necessary like by providing a picture of
Harry Potter you're not really moving
the needle because you're not going to
move the needle. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
And so in that case it's the most
important like for example with creating
like a theme like using a theme like the
Giblly theme like the prompt there is
the most well actually no because you're
providing a reference of yourself but
yeah it's it's difficult for me to think
of a use case where you're not providing
a reference image because everything
I've done includes reference images
because it's all some kind of edit of an
existing image that exists. I think
there's going to be a lot of winning in
like stock imagery here as well. Like
you can create any stock image that you
could possibly think of and so that
wouldn't require a reference image. That

[20:00]
wouldn't require a reference image. That
will just be a font. Yeah, it's it's
super case dependent. Do you think there
are opportunities for people that
literally their only skill is just
knowing their way around Sora and using
reference images and using good
prompting? Let's say that's all they
know. What would be your advice for
someone like that to go start an ad
agency or to go do like a permissionless
marketing strategy and go find like a
like a Casper or a DTOC like a Ridge
wallet brand out there take their ads
and those might be bad examples because
they're probably on the cutting edge of
this but you know what I mean any
company and like without permission make
gorgeous ads for them send them to them
in a cold email and like start charging
like how would you suggest someone
approach that? What would they charge?
like how could they reach out? What what
are your thoughts on that? If you had to
start that tomorrow to pay the bills,
what would you do? I would probably
partner with existing ad agencies and I
would say I'm going to help you to offer
a service to your customers. You already
have customers. They want this. Let me
just just whitelist my service and I

[21:02]
just just whitelist my service and I
will I have the skill set to create
high-quality images and I have the
system to create high quality images and
I'll do it for you. And I think if you
DM'd any of these agencies on Twitter,
they would probably give you a shot
because the way that their business is
run is it's all it's all like arbitrage
on another service. Like it's either
labor arbitrage or it's like software
arbitrage or it's like another service
arbitrage. And so if you can deliver the
service to them and they can sell it for
more, then they're going to say yes. And
so I would just find as many as you can.
I would offer this and I would figure I
would dedicate my time to uncovering
those best practices and understanding
what works and what doesn't. And so
you'd basically I like to call it
piggybacking. You'd piggyback off
someone that already has a whole
portfolio of not just customers but
trusted customers. They already have
their foot in the door. They're already
paying them. May even if they're dormant
customers, they could reactivate them
with this. How do you think you would
charge? Like would you just say I'm

[22:00]
charge? Like would you just say I'm
going to take a third of whatever you
charge? like you white label this to me
like here's how you would sell it here's
how you'd promote it here's some
examples outsource it to me and we'll
split the revenue 50/50 like what do you
think that looks like difficult to say
the way that ads are usually charged in
marketing agencies is like per ad like
there's a certain cost per ad value per
ad and so I would determine some kind of
value per ad which
is reasonable and then yeah like I would
split the profits probably or I would
deliver it to them like I would
understand what they would be able to
sell it at to their customers and then
provide a reasonable markup with them
and then it becomes a really nice volume
game right like you just everyone's
incentivized to just create more ads and
there's almost no cap that the brand
will buy from the agency if the ads are
ready to go into the account because
it's very unlikely that they're going to
lose money on that in the long term and
so I'd probably do it by ad or you could
figure out like a cost that makes sense

[23:00]
figure out like a cost that makes sense
as like a base plan, right? And like
they just charge you that as like a
retainer if they're willing to do that
like regardless of how many ads are
accepted or not. I think that would
really work as well that like is a
little bit that reduces your upside but
decreases your downside or or do some
combination where it's like a base
retainer plus number of ads accepted by
customers and launch into the account.
Something like that. Dude, I like that.
Here's another idea that just came to
me. So, a lot of these ad agencies list
out their customers, right? They just
make it too easy for growth hackers like
us. You go scrape a list of all these ad
agencies, preferably ones that aren't on
the cutting edge, aren't already doing
this. You build a rapper with Replet
that just can basically do what Sora
does, right? But you brand it towards ad
agencies only. You're not going towards,
you're not trying to get brands or
companies. You want to go through the ad
agencies and then you go to their
portfolio page and you see, all right,
John ad agency has Athletic Greens as a
client. Okay, I'm going to go remake six

[24:00]
client. Okay, I'm going to go remake six
Athletic Greens ads and I'm going to
send them to them proactively with a
link to my rapper that I built in Replet
that allows them to do this themselves.
You get them using it. You get them on
the interface loyalty. It's in their
workflow. They're sharing it with their
account managers, etc. And then you
charge 200 bucks a month for it. And
it's just a tool. It's just a tool that
they use for unlimited image generation.
Now, you'd have to watch the credits,
right? Depending on how much they use
it. But I like that model over like
charging per ad
because usually brands want to know like
what is this going to cost me per month?
Like just I just want to know. I don't
want to be surprised with a big bill.
What's it going to cost me? So really
we're just talking about like a rapper
for ad agencies. What do you think about
that? I think in the beginning you need
to do it for the agencies. I think like
remove the friction. Yeah, I think tools
are good, but it's really difficult to
get people to use tools, like to
actually use it themselves, even if
there's really obvious value there. And
like the dream scenario for an agency is

[25:01]
like the dream scenario for an agency is
they don't need to think about it and
they make money. And so, while you can,
I would deliver the service for them.
Like, I would literally send them Google
Drive folders of just completed ads. I
would ask them what format their client
expects ads in. And I wouldn't overthink
it. I wouldn't overthink the software.
It would just be like, how do you
deliver ads to your client? Okay, I'm
going to build you ads and I'm going to
put it in that format for you and I'll
send it to you and all you need to do is
pass it off to them. And I think that
behavior of an ad of a brand approving
ads from an agency and the agency and
then charging based on the number of ads
they approve, I think that's normal. And
they're not going to be hit with a
massive bill, you know, like they could
be provided ads and they don't need to
accept all of them. Like they're very
famili they're aware of how much they're
going to be paying for these, you know?
Oh man, my mind is like buzzing right
now. We I saw you either on Twitter or
on another YouTube video talking about
micropersonalization with these image
generation tools. What What are your
thoughts on that? I think it's kind of
amazing how marketing can change now

[26:02]
amazing how marketing can change now
where the bottleneck in how you managed
almost everything was the creative and
like the dream of marketing are these
hyperpersonalized hyperargeted onetoone
interactions with your customer and so
like that's obviously impossible. So C
companies think of like different
personas and they try and build towards
those personas and let's just say based
on the bottl based on your creative
bottleneck you could only target four
personas a month. Right now if you can
create so much more creative then the
floodgates open on the ability that you
can market yourself. So rather than
trying to market middle-aged women in
America, now you can target upper middle
class women who grew up in a certain
postcode in southern Florida. You know,
like there's like ways that you can
really nail down your personas because
now you're able to actually create

[27:00]
now you're able to actually create
creative for them that targets them at a
scale which and at a cost which makes
sense for you. I think that like that's
going to really change marketing. I'm
really excited about that too. You know,
like I spoke to an events company that
runs events and it was really difficult
for them to market every single event
because how are they going to create an
ad for every event and how they going to
create an ad for every person who might
go to an event, you know, and that just
wasn't possible, but now it is. And so
there's a lot of different ways that
marketing is going to change. And I'm
hoping it results in higher quality
targeted ads so you have less just like
slop on your feed. But it might start
the other way first. But it's exciting.
It's exciting to where it could go.
Okay. So, you had mentioned like a
rapper that takes two people that makes
them shows them what their baby would
look like, right? Yeah. I'm going to
share my screen. I just did that. Are
you ready? Please. So, I went, you don't
know what my wife looks like or my kid
looks like, but this is my prompt. Okay.
So, I took a blurry image. Like, this

[28:02]
So, I took a blurry image. Like, this
was like it was very blurry. I just
screenshotted it. That's me. Yeah. And
that's my wife. And I said, "What? Such
a cute kid. What would this couple's
baby look like?" Okay. And you see the
baby, it's a cute baby. Yeah. And then I
went to my Google Photos and it looks
like about like a one-year-old and it
reminds me of my youngest son and I got
this right there.
You see it? Yeah, I see that for sure.
It's weird. That's crazy.
I'm going to build a rapper that does
this like by the end of the week.
Please, please do it. Please. It's so
It's so good. I love that. How do you
stay focused on this one project you're
working on with all this crazy stuff
going on? It's tough. It is really
tough.
But I just know where my strengths and
weaknesses are. And when I get to spread
thin, then I kind of don't really win at

[29:01]
thin, then I kind of don't really win at
anything. Yeah. And so I've made the
very conscious effort to drop everything
else and only focus on one thing for
better or worse. You know that I may end
up regretting that, but I'm going to
give myself that opportunity for now and
see where that takes me. I love it.
Well, Jacob, this was amazing. Thank you
for your time. Where can everyone find
you if they want to reach out? Follow me
on Twitter,
Jacob_posal. I also post on LinkedIn
sometimes if you want to follow me
there. Uh yeah, if anyone builds
anything cool, please share it with me.
I would love to see it. Love to take a
look. I really enjoy talking to people
who are creative and who are building
and who enjoy building cuz that's my
obsession. So if that's you, please
reach out and just we can we can talk
through these things. Okay. Thanks, man.
Appreciate it. Okay. Please share with a
friend. Leave me a fivestar review. I
would greatly appreciate it. and we'll
see you next time on the Coloner