[00:00]
When you know you can make thousands of
dollars by yourself, it changes you in a
monumental way. I know guys that are
making 10 grand a month just flipping
couches. If you live in a college town,
you should be in the couch business.
Health and beauty is amazing cuz they
sell jars of goop for 500 bucks and you
could buy them for 100 bucks. Let people
make money off of you. The guy you're
selling that shirt for five bucks, he's
going to sell it for 30 and you don't
care because you're going to go do that
over and over and over again. How did
you finance that deal? Credibility. I
didn't have the money to buy that
volume. If you don't think it's worth
risking a few hundred to buy 80 grand
worth of clothes, it's not for you.
I've been in an industry like that in
the Bitcoin mining industry. Oh, yeah.
And I used to say to my employees, our
biggest competitor is convincing people
we're not a scam. Yes. Because all of
our competitors are scams. How do you do
that? Like what are some tricks of the
trade around that? Yeah. The more
expensive you sell it, the more people
think it's a scam. It's too good of a
deal. It's not real. Right. You get that
a lot.
So, you can't push. You can't do hard

[01:00]
So, you can't push. You can't do hard
sales. Doesn't work. You have to try to
be the hottest girl at the dance. You
got to use like gravity to try to get
them to come to
you. When you make that phone call, it's
just like, "Hey, like I said, I have
this opportunity. You know what? You may
not be interested, but I just thought
I'd run it by you, and you know, I got
another company buying from me or
whatever." And you just the soft sell.
Yeah. And and then they go
What's that? Hard to get. Kind of
playing hard to get. You got to play
hard to get because it is a great
opportunity. The price they're going to
pay. And so then the other way to do it
is, so I did this with watches. I built
a watch business around this concept.
And I bought a big load because nobody
would talk to me. And I was like, "Okay,
I have to buy this because this company
wanted me to buy. I'm like, I'm just
going to buy it." I I had the resources
and I bought a ton of it. So then I I
went out. I searched every seller on
eBay that was in the watch business. I
tried to reach out. Nobody would talk to
me. Nobody knew who I was. One guy, one

[02:01]
me. Nobody knew who I was. One guy, one
guy he said, "You really have this?" I
said, "Yeah, I have these things." And
the next day, his partner was in my
office. He flew out from New York to
California and I had it all on my
conference table. That's how you know
they're serious. They're hungry. Yes.
And I said, "Hey, I can get this product
every week. Not only, you know, I have
to take it every week. So, I'm looking
for this." And the other thing that
helps you get credibility is you let
people make money off of you. Yeah.
Right. The the guy you're selling that
shirt for five bucks, he's going to sell
it for 30 and you don't care. You got to
be okay with that. You got to be okay.
Let them make the bulk of the money
because you're going to go do that over
and over and over again. So like in the
watches, I said, "Hey guys, I don't know
anything about the watch business. I
have to manage this relationship. I have
other buying relationships with this
business. I need a good partner. I only
want to make, you know, a few percentage
points because the volume was so high.
It was like I I've done like $15 million
worth of watches with this guy. And
after that one conversation and I just

[03:00]
after that one conversation and I just
talked to him the other day, we started
doing it and it was exactly as I said it
was. It was no BS. It was you just you
underell and overd deliver. It's funny
because I like to call it don't look on
the other side of the table. I had a
call last week with a guy that's that's
he's actually liquidating coincidentally
medical supplies. And he's like, I just
don't think we're doing very well
because the guy we're selling to, he's
making so much more money than we are on
this stuff. And I was like, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa. Like, how much fear or sense
of urgency or doubt would you have about
your business right now if you didn't
even know that? He's like, well, I mean,
I think we'd be doing like what's the
point? You're This guy had like 70%
margins. He was doing great, but he was
stressed because the people he was
selling to were making even more money.
And I'm like,
yeah, you have to disassociate yourself
with that and pride. Yeah. And value the
relationships because a lot of this
stuff we're talking about like buying a
beast, Costco, it's just the beginning.

[04:01]
beast, Costco, it's just the beginning.
It's just the tip of the iceberg. Once
you get into the deal flow, you're
rewiring your brain, like we like to
say, and people start calling you. Yeah.
I just got a call a guy that I met like,
"Hey, I've got 2500 fishing poles. I
don't know. I need to sell them. What do
I do?" Okay, well, let's figure that
out. I had a a tile company was like,
"Man, we have, you know, two truckloads
of tiles that we need to get rid of
high-end this and we need help doing
this and how could you do this?" And so
you got to get into the the where the
deals are and and first find out if you
even like to resell, right? Start you
can start this with nothing. Just walk
around your house and sell stuff and see
if you like do do you want to deal with
people on Facebook marketplace? I don't,
but some people do really well there. Do
you want to sell on eBay? Do you want to
do live selling? Practice. See if you
like it. Experiment. And those
experiments change everything in your
brain when you become independent. It's
like you're I I liken it to going
off-rid. Losing the

[05:01]
off-rid. Losing the
natural trained dependencies that we
have been brought up to rely upon is
unbelievably powerful. It's like
unplugging from the grid and and being
self-sufficient. So, when you know you
can make thousands of dollars by
yourself, Yeah. it changes you in a in a
monumental way. I feel like a lot of the
people I talk to, uh, maybe they're
working at a corporate job and they want
to be entrepreneurs, but they really
like the idea of entrepreneurship. They
don't know yet if they like it. And is
there a better way of learning if you
like entrepreneurship or or not? Like
because you don't have to quit anything.
You could do this with your old Nintendo
Switch on Facebook Marketplace and it's
like it's going to people are going to
ghost you. They're not going to show up.
It's going to be annoying. But it's like
that's entrepreneurship. But on the flip
side, yep. when they hand you that $80
and you feel the dopamine, that's
entrepreneurship. I love it, man. It's a
trade-off, right? Yes. So, it's a
perfect way to learn, do you really like

[06:00]
perfect way to learn, do you really like
it? Yeah. There's no risk in doing that.
You're only risking your time and you
want to make it enjoyable, as enjoyable
as you can because it's a grind. You
know, if you just do it as a hobby, you
know, okay, you don't have to put a lot
of work in it and that's great. You can
make an extra couple grand a month, no
problem. But if you really if you want
to scale and start to buy things, you
need to be interested in it. You know, I
always I always joke you should if you
can fall in love with problem solving,
you'll be unstoppable. Unstoppable. It's
funny you were talking about you got to
play hard to get to convince people
you're not a scam. It's funny and ironic
because the best scammers out there do
exactly that. Oh, they do. They they do.
Like I've been scammed like that where
it's like, yeah, you know, I'll call you
back. And they like they slow roll it.
It's like the long con, right? So, it's
amazing. They've caught on to it, too,
right? That's how that's how you Well,
and like like let's go back to our our
clothing example or whatever. If you
don't think it's worth risking a few
hundred to buy 80 grand worth of
clothes, it's not for you. Yeah. You

[07:01]
clothes, it's not for you. Yeah. You
know, you can have it stuff this stuff
dumped in the front. I mean, I have the
stuff. My house is kind of weird and on
on top of a hill and I have to have it
all dumped down on the street and
there's only four houses on my street.
But no, every time I dump it down there,
sure enough, my neighbors are driving by
looking at me like, "What in the What's
he up to now? What are you guys doing?"
You know, my wife did a deal. She bought
a thousand pairs of shoes. We had just
moved to this new house and I had this
guy dropping off these big pallets of
shoes. He was like, this is this little
little old guy, this Asian guy. And he
goes, "These these all your shoes." And
I'm all, man, we're just moving here.
These are all my wife's shoes. I go, can
you believe it? He was like, oh my gosh.
That's
amazing. That's funny. Tell me about a
couple deals that went bad. You bought
it at this price, you knew you could
sell it at this price, it didn't move,
or you sold it at a loss. And why did
that happen? Was that avoidable in
retrospect, or sometimes you're just
going to get bit? It is avoidable most
of the time. Sometimes you can get bit.

[08:00]
of the time. Sometimes you can get bit.
It depends on your your supplier. It's
another reason why I like to push people
to Costco to get started because they're
so good to work with when there's a
problem and there will be problems.
Things won't be represented at
correctly. Conditions are not correct.
One of the most important things about
buying this stuff is to you always want
to get a manifest, a spreadsheet with a
list of everything you're going to get.
And I wanted to be in the TV business so
bad when LC, you know, all these sexy
flat panels, everything. I'm a sucker
for I'm like, "Hey, this is just a big
laptop, right? We were repairing
laptops. Why can't we get into this
business?" So, I bought a few truckloads
of TVs, but I did not get a
manifest. And it was
because I was just I was too hungry.
Could you have Could you have gotten it
if you asked? No, it was just was no
man. There's lots of deals with no
manifest. Even up on Okay. on the
auction sites, there's tons of people
that buy without a manifest. That but

[09:00]
that buy without a manifest. That but
but I don't suggest people you got to be
a sophisticated buyer. You're not even
saying there's there can be alpha in
that. Like there could be good
opportunities in that because other
people you're saying just avoid it.
Unless you've really know what you're
doing, you should avoid it because
you're going to get ups and downs. Ups
and like I will tell you like guys that
run bin stores, you know what those are?
People just sell I think so. Yeah. So,
you know, they they open on Thursday and
everything's 10 bucks. And those didn't
even exist like five or 10 years ago, do
they? No, it's Amazon. Those are all
those are Amazon returns, right? So,
those guys don't care about the
manifest. They just care about the do
the number. I'm going to spend $10,000
and I'm going to get I'm going to get
it. Yes. Whatever it is, dollar per
item, whatever. That That's different. I
have a I have a friend that sells
clothes like that, truckloads of
clothes, and he wants like 10 cents per
shirt. There you go. That's right. So,
that's a different thing. So, I bought a
couple truckloads of these TVs that were
supposed to be a certain thing and they
and there was no manifest and I just had
no recourse and the company just told me
to pound sand. So, I lost I think I
think I bought like $12,000 and you

[10:01]
think I bought like $12,000 and you
know, yes, dude. We yank all the parts
and stock them and try we I I tried to
because laptop parts was a huge
multi-million dollar business for me. It
was amazing. So, I I thought for sure,
okay, well, they'll do this and we can
buy that. But TVs are so different. You
know, they're not carried around. They
don't fall apart as much. And and it was
a bad thesis. But I'm not the most
sophisticated guy. Most of the time I
try to prove my thesis by just doing it
and see and seeing if it works. And so
it didn't work. So I had to dump a bunch
of stuff. So I try to tell people that
in this business, the profits are in the
averages over time. Yeah. Yes. you're
going to get some home run deals, but
you're also going to just get some
average deals and and sometimes you're
going to just get some junk. So, when
people start compl like uh in in our in
my mastermind, we got about 210 people.
I get people that come in, man, I got
this and it was a bunch of stuff and it
was and I I'm really upset. I say, well,

[11:00]
was and I I'm really upset. I say, well,
are you going to make money on the deal?
Well, yeah, but I didn't I could have
made more. I said, well, how much are
you making? And it's like, well, I you
know, I bet 1,500 bucks and I'm only
making $2,000. like well it's a now most
of these companies like Costco they have
a thing if it's if it's the variance on
quantity or value is more than 5% they
will do something for you it's great so
based on what you get yes so if you've
spent 10 grand and more than
$500 doesn't match condition damaged or
whatever they they'll give you a credit
they're awesome or if you bought 10
items and two are missing. Well, that's
20%. They're going to compensate you and
they're going to look at it and figure
it out and but they're not going to give
you the retail price. They're going to
say, "Okay, you bought 10 items for
$1,000. It's $100 an item. Two are
missing. Here's $200 credit." So, I have
definitely lost money. There's no doubt.
I lost I lose money when I experiment.

[12:00]
I lost I lose money when I experiment.
I, you know, I started buying from
Japanese auction houses when I was in
the luxury handbag business. And when I
got started, you know, I I did a lot of
study, but I I there's definitely bags
that I lost money on. There's just no
way around it that I know of. You're not
going to make money on everything. So,
it's averages over time. Don't beat
yourself up. But what you want to avoid
for new sellers that are experimenting,
I'm trying to help them avoid losing
money on the first deal because that is
a mind reset, too. Oh, this doesn't
work. That's what that's what you hear.
This doesn't work. They'll say, "What'd
you buy?" I bought a pallet of air
fryers. And I said, "Well, if you would
have asked in the mastermind, I wouldn't
have bought that, you know, because the
guy was like, you pay $5 a month to
avoid this." Yes. And it's like he, you
know, he's a great guy, but he was upset
when I mentioned, "I hope you make sure
you have plenty of cleaning supplies
because you're going to clean them all
out." And he's like, "What?" You know,
and I say, "Well, unless they're new." I
go, "Maybe I'm wrong." He goes, "No,
they're not new. They're store returns."
I said, "Who's cleaning it before they

[13:01]
I said, "Who's cleaning it before they
take it back to Costco?" Nobody.
Literally no one. No one. Those things
get nasty, too. It's Yeah. So, they're
gonna be nasty. And so, it's not that
and I don't know whether he made money
or not, but I'm trying to keep people
from being frustrated that that, you
know, because that frustration is just
built in. That is it's a feature, not a
bug. That's what keeps all the the the
regular people from doing it. So, if you
can break through that barrier, you're
golden. So, hypothetical scenario, you
go to sleep, you wake up, you have no
assets, you don't own your home, you
have $5,000 in your checking account,
you're starting, you have no audience.
All you have is your resale knowledge.
What's your first go-to? I go to Costco
and I try to find categories that I can
spend. You know, if I'm mechanical, I
buy pressure washers, generators,
lawnmowers, stuff that I know sells well
on Facebook Marketplace. easy, you know,
easy flip, make $200, $300 per unit. Is
it worth going to Facebook Marketplace,

[14:01]
it worth going to Facebook Marketplace,
like going to BTO, looking at some
items, going to Facebook Marketplace,
listing them at like a reasonable price,
seeing what the traction looks like, and
then buying. Do you ever do that? Yeah,
I mean, I would consider that to be part
of my resale knowledge that I have
studied Facebook Marketplace. You don't
need to do that. Other people might, but
in this hypothetical scenario, you don't
need to do Yeah, because if I'm going to
buy at 10 cents, I feel pretty safe when
I go up and look say everybody's selling
this model pressure washer for 500
bucks. There are no outliers, you know,
that that kind of thing. So, you want to
do your research. I like selling small
items like handbags. I think health and
beauty is amazing because they sell 3 o
jars of goop for 500 bucks and Costco
discounts it and sells it for 350, which
is unbelievable. And you could buy them
for a hundred bucks and sell it for 200
or 150, you know, make 50 cents on the
dollar on the dollar. So small stuff
that you can do yourself that you can
ship. Jewelry I think is amazing if you
know that business. So video is cool,
but you know what's better? Long form

[15:00]
but you know what's better? Long form
audio via podcast and my newsletter.
TKOPD.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales
tkopod.com. I know guys that are making
10 grand a month just flipping couches,
you know, buying couches and selling if
that's what you want to do. That's their
whole niche. Couches. Couches. If If you
live in a college town and you want to
be a reseller, you should be in the
couch business because all those
students want to buy couches every
semester. Yeah. and put them on their
porch and they rot and fall apart and
they need to buy two or three and the
frat house needs eight or 10 and you
want to be the couch guy for Sigma Alpha
whoever, right? So, every time they call
and they say, "Yeah, we, you know, we've
everybody put in 100 bucks, so we've got
five grand. We want to buy new couches.
I'm your guy. I'm your guy." Okay. So,
you're just going to go to a category on
Btock that you kind of know and then
you're just gonna you're going to buy a
truckload and and try to move it. Yeah.

[16:00]
truckload and and try to move it. Yeah.
Yeah, in the beginning you're probably
not going to buy a truckload, but you'll
be you can buy like a few pallets of
them so you can experiment. You know, if
you want to be the barbecue outdoor guy,
if that's your niche and you love that,
buy Blackstones. You'll you'll get the
end more. You'll get things like ice
chests and umbrellas and stuff that is
outdoor stuff, but that can be your
niche and you know, and you can sell
that stuff. And if you if you're buying
store return Blackston, get ready to
clean them up. They're going to have fat
on them and oil and you got to repurpose
it. But, you know, when Costco sells it
for 500 bucks and you paid a h 100red,
there's an opportunity there for you to
work. And if you were to put a GoPro on
a tripod in front of that Blackstone as
you clean it, post those to Instagram in
a time lapse, you can sell those through
your Instagram account. Everyone loves
watching those before and after. Yes.
Oh, the the using social media now for
for this stuff is unbelievable. That's
why life selling is so popular, too,
right? People are up there doing stuff
and everything else. So, it's um it's
great. I love it. You can probably tell
I get excited talking about it. I can't

[17:01]
I get excited talking about it. I can't
stop talking about it. That's why I
started that mastermind. That's why I
post stuff on X. I post it today. I
posted US government selling $88 million
planes and the opening bid is $500,000.
And I'm like, hey, what can we do with
these planes, man? It's the military
version of the DCT10, right? And it's
like everybody's, oh, it's one's missing
an engine. And I'm like, I don't want to
fly them. What else can we do with them?
You know, it's everybody's telling me
it's too expensive and it's not like
stop, stop. It's 99% off. Yes. Like what
are we talking about? For 500 grand, if
we each kicked in money, could we park
it somewhere, make it an Airbnb? Can we
make it a play, you know, can it could
we put it next to the dig world where
the kids use construction equipment? How
much can we charge kids to go play in
the giant, you know, refueling tanker,
you know, this kind of stuff. So, I love
it. It's incredible. Oh my gosh. One of
the most encouraging things I think
you're saying is like you don't really
care about the category all that much. I
keep coming back to that cuz I think a
lot of people are hearing this like all
right what do I choose where do I go
what's the secret website or the secret

[18:00]
what's the secret website or the secret
niche where's it's like doesn't really
matter action I have 35,000 followers I
tell this story every single day less
than 1% take action and you know out of
that 35,000 210 have joined you know
said hey instead of buying a cup of
coffee I'll join this mastermind where I
share tons of stuff and they help each
other like you know they're people up
there helping each other learning and
then out of that 210 220 20 people in
the mastermind, there's probably 30 or
40 actually buying at this point, but
they're leveling up. So, the biggest
barrier is in your brain. The biggest
barrier is being riskaverse, even though
the risk is very small, but trying
taking action to see if it's something
interesting. Maybe you don't even like
it, then don't do it. Do something else.
You know, go find something on Etsy to
resell or whatever. But, you know, I
feel like reselling is such an
underrated skill. I've been working with
my oldest, he's almost 15, on selling a
bunch of crap we have on Facebook
Marketplace and he sold an old iPhone
and he's like, "All right, Dad. Uh,
they're coming to the house. Can you do
it for me?" And I'm like, "No, this is
this is the worst part. This is the

[19:01]
this is the worst part. This is the
worst part. You're do like I will stand
there with you, but you're going to
interact. You're going to talk. I'm 38
years old. I hate this part." Yes,
that's part of it, right? And then like
I I tweeted about Tesla a while ago. It
went viral and I sold 10 Teslas. I got
$5,000 in Tesla credits, but they expire
after a year. And so I needed to buy
something on Tesla.com to resell so I
could convert these credits to cash.
Right. Nice. And like it was second
nature to me. I went and I looked. I'm
like, "Okay, they have a Cyber Quad for
kids. That looks cool. They have a Cyber
Truck for kids. That would that looks
cool." I went to eBay, typed in Cyber
Quad, Cybertruck for kids. And then in
my opinion, the most important button on
all of eBay is clicking sold items.
Filter by sold. not completed, but sold
because the prices you're seeing tell
you nothing. You got to see the green
prices, right? You got it. So then I
see, wow, okay, this is 1,600 bucks on
Tesla.com. They're selling for 2,900
bucks. Tesla's fees are 15%. I'm going
to go to Facebook Marketplace. I went to
Facebook Marketplace, got some Google

[20:01]
Facebook Marketplace, got some Google
images of each product, listed them at
like a $500 profit each. I waited an
hour. One of them had 13 clicks, one of
them had three. I'm like, "Okay, I'm
going to buy two Cyber Quads." And I
just bought them with my credits because
I know I'm going to move them. Yep. Like
all of that took 10 minutes and it's
because of skills that I've learned over
the last 15 years. That's right. And
like I do the same thing for stuff I
want to own. Like, okay, I want to buy I
need a new Polaris, a new Ranger, new
ATV. Well, where can I go buy three or
four of them so I can sell, you know,
half of those and keep the other ones
because I I want to pay for it. I, you
know, where can I buy, you know, I can't
pay retail. I'm just I have like a an
allergy to it, right? I can't, you know,
go to the store and I'd rather buy a
pallet of them. Like, you know, we walk
into Costco and my wife says, "Look,
they're selling these these Legos and
this." And she's like, "We should buy,
you know, some of these to resell." And
I'm like, "Well, how many pallets do
they have? Let's buy them all. Let's not
buy four. Let's buy four pallets." You
know, so it is a way to think about it.
And it is that research that you're
talking about. That's what makes you

[21:01]
talking about. That's what makes you
confident. You build your confidence.
And don't don't buy, you know, $20,000
at the beginning or don't buy a
truckload or don't buy something that,
you know, you're not like, can you move
a couch, you know, like I think there's
a huge opportunity in scratch and dent.
The Costco and even GE sells direct. But
I don't recommend it to many people
because they don't have the resources.
Like how do I get the thing off the
truck and how do I care? You can't do it
out of your garage, you know? But for a
ne another level of seller scratch and
dent appliances and the most valuable
part of the scratch and dent appliance
is it comes with a story because it's so
cheap and you you're going to buy it at
like 10 cents on the dollar but it's
fully functional. It's never been used
but it's got a dent, it's got a scratch.
It's missing some weird thing. That
story makes it okay for people to buy
it. It's weird. It's it's really they
just it it you know we're not rational
beings, right? we rationalize after
we've made the the decision. So you go,
"Oh, that
$3,000, you know, Samsung refrigerator

[22:00]
$3,000, you know, Samsung refrigerator
with the screen on it, it's only $1,200.
Oh, it that's because it's a scratch and
dent. Let's go buy it." If you didn't
see that, you'd be like, "What's the
scam? That's that's not real." And their
budget for a fridge before they even
learned about that might have been $900.
They're going over budget because
they're getting such a value. Yeah. All
this stuff is repeatable as long as
you're willing to do some experiments
and find out. Yeah. Yeah, it doesn't
matter what category you sell. You know,
I like small things that are high
dollar. Other guys like big things.
Yeah, it just depends on on what works
for you. I like having my kids involved
in it. My kids grew up around this
stuff. And uh are they entrepreneurial?
Yeah, they both are entrepreneurial
actually in in their own way. My
daughter's very creative and she's a a
you know leader and manager of creative
people which is another unique skill.
And my son has been flipping shoes and
clothes and everything he get his hands
on his whole life. And now he's, you
know, he's learning sales the hard way,
grinding right out of college, which is
great. But he sold solar door too, you
know, crazy experience and you learn a

[23:00]
know, crazy experience and you learn a
lot on that stuff. But it's been a great
lifestyle and it's helped us build
wealth and there's been lots of ups and
downs like any business. But what I like
about it is there's massive variation. I
get bored, but I always come back down
to I'm a product guy. I like to buy and
sell and I love the deal. Yeah, I love
it. There's like eight more questions I
want to ask, but we're almost out of
time. So, we're gonna have to do this
again because I'm like I'm so fired up
right now. It's 5:15 in the afternoon
where I'm usually dead, but I feel like
I just drank a Celsius. So, that's a
good sign. Two questions. Number one,
what was the best deal, like best flip
you ever did? And number two, I'm
curious how like on your watch, you
know, you sold $15 million of watches to
the same guy. What was preventing that
guy to going around you? Is it just
because of one relationship that you
happen to have? So, two questions in one
there. Yeah, I'll do the the second
question first. It's all about
relationships and and credibility. And

[24:02]
relationships and and credibility. And
this company came to me because I was
already had a relationship with them.
They'd met me. I'd spent millions of
dollars with them already. So, they came
to me because they lost a previous
buyer. They they that buyer went out of
went under out of business and they were
like, "Hey, I we know this is a totally
different category. We we love your
help, you know, may even just temporary
while we find a different buyer." And I
was like, "Man, I don't know anything
about this category. I don't wear a
watch." But I it's like drinking from
the fire a fire hose. I'm just going to
get flooded. The reason
why my client never went around me is
the same. my relationship with him and
the fact that he knew I say left all
this money on the table. He knew that
that the lion share the profit because
he had to build a business around it,
right? I didn't. And so we had this
trusted very credible relationship and
that's why. And the second part, best
deal I ever did. I bought it for 2
million and sold it for 11. What? What
was that? It was phones. Of course,

[25:03]
was that? It was phones. Of course,
iPhones. I think you tweeted about that.
Like a truckload full of phones. tweeted
about it several times. Different parts
of it I've tweeted about him. Oh my. And
was that just like one buyer, like one
phone call or Yeah. Yeah. And the crazy
thing is I sold them back to China.
Invert, man. You always got to invert.
You got to look at the most valuable
part of the phone is the motherboard and
that's everything. Yeah. And uh so you
have to just constantly be think
different than differently than than
other sellers if especially in commodity
stuff. So if you can find different ways
to repurpose things that others miss
could be massive. What was the end buyer
like? Not who was it but was it like a
company or refurbisher? Company. They
only wanted the motherboards or they
were going to like give the phones to
their employees. This deal was like a
salvage deal. So, I got, you know, this
massive opportunity and bought it and uh
flipped it to and I would not have

[26:00]
flipped it to and I would not have
gotten it had I had not had a decade or
more of experience, right? I could have
handled it. I knew what the real value
was. So, I paid, you know, I was willing
to pay a little bit more because I knew
my
contact. I paid him more after the fact
because I was like, "This deal's more
valuable than you think." So, that's how
you you earn trust and credibility where
you say, "Hey, you know what? You're
going to make like I don't know
whatever. Let's make a number up. You
were gonna make $100,000, but you know
what? It's actually worth a lot more.
I'm going to pay you 150. And when you
do those kinds of things, the word gets
around, right? And and if you're super
trusted in an industry that's full of
untrustworthy people, it's that gravity
thing, right? People come to you, right?
I got during COVID, I got approached
from the cruise lines because they
couldn't sell their handbag inventory,
right? Because they weren't in business.
And so they're like, "Who do we sell
this to?" Well, somebody said, "I know a
guy." Yeah, I bought Take a haircut.
Shannon's there. That's it. So, but
anyway, yeah, it was uh you know, but

[27:02]
anyway, yeah, it was uh you know, but
you know where I found that guy? eBay,
using these same tactics we talked about
and and being, you know, upfront,
authentic, trustworthy, and uh yeah, it
was it was crazy. It was a crazy deal.
It was amazing. How did you finance that
deal? I had a ton of credibility and I
didn't have the money to buy that volume
either. But the way I managed it was
with my contact and and I had some time.
He knew who I was. I had a lot of
business with him. You know, a short
window to do this deal and and he knew I
could do it. And I said, "Okay, well, I
can I start flipping money when it, you
know, I'm I'm just, you know, cash flow
has been my problem my whole life,
right? I build wealth asset rich, great.
But I invested everything back into
every deal I have. And so you just you
just make it work. You have to. There is
no alternative. I always say the money
is never a problem. The deal, if the
deal is good enough, you could go get
the money. Like I could go borrow hard

[28:00]
the money. Like I could go borrow hard
money and borrow it at 10 12%. Just be
like, "Here, look, I've got a buyer. I
have the product. You know, here it is.
I'm, you know, done." somebody could
have made, you know, a h 100red grand on
their investment in three months or four
months or whatever, but we just kind of
kind of kept rolling. And it's
interesting how you frame it, too,
because you could have just brokered
that deal and say, you know, give me
10%. Then you go sell it for 11 million,
you make a million bucks. But instead,
you're like, give me 30 days. Yeah. And
I'll give you your two million bucks.
I've spent my life weaving this big net.
I'm constantly building this net like,
okay, I'm I'm I'm getting these deals. I
don't care if it's a phone, a handbag, a
house. I I bought, you know, I bought a
that's a whole another podcast. Anyway,
you you told me that like it was like a
forestry. There was like I bought a
house, nobody else wanted to buy this
house because the US government wanted
to buy it, you know, and I bought it,
flipped, made doubled my money, and
owned the house and rented out as an
Airbnb for for four years and made money
that way, too. But it goes back to your

[29:01]
that way, too. But it goes back to your
question earlier. What's more important,
the system or the product? The system.
It's always the system. That is the
hardest part. It's that's what takes the
the year, the year and a half, because
you're going to have fits and starts and
you're going to be like, "Okay, ah, I
blew it. I can't buy this, man. What do
I do now?" And you're going to get your
head hang up about that. You just have
to power through those things because
you get the system going. It's like, you
know, putting grease on the wheels,
right? As as the better you get at it,
the more money you start to make, you
know? Oh, dude. I'm about to go start
buying some Blackstones. I'm so fired up
right now. I love Blackston, too.
Shannon, this was amazing. And this was
just amazing. Thanks for having me back
on. I love talking about this stuff,
man. I had such high hopes and you just
exceeded them. So, where can we find you
on X, the mastermind, all that? Yeah,
just come up on X, Shannon Jean, S H N O
N J an you know, follow me and then I I
post about the mastermind all the time.
Like I said, it's five bucks. It just

[30:01]
Like I said, it's five bucks. It just
covers the cost to host it and yeah, on
the platform and, you know, come in and
learn and see if it's for you and have a
good time. You know, it's I'm having the
time of my life, man. I never thought
anybody would be interested in hearing
these this stuff. You know, my wife's
here sick of hearing these stories.
That's amazing. Our wives are a lot
alike. Yeah, that's right. That's right.
Awesome. All right. Thank you. Thank
you, Chris. Okay. What' you think of
Shannon? Let me know in the comments if
I should have him on again and I will.
Please share with a friend. I love you
guys a lot.