[00:00]
If you got no money, you got no job, no
experience, no skills, go clean
something, man. There's a lot that's
dirty out there that you can clean and
you can make 50 bucks an hour doing it.
We bend over backwards trying to think
of really creative, innovative ideas
when the obvious ones are usually the
right ones. I got my first 7,000
customers without paying for any
marketing. I got up at 7:30 and I went
to the bridge and I wrote five chalk
advertisements on that bridge every
single day. We got 40 plus signups. Life
and business is not a Olympic gymnastics
routine. You can get paid really well to
jump over two foot bars over and over
and over again. So why would you try to
high jump eight
[Music]
feet? All right, if you spend any time
on Twitter, you've probably seen Nick
Huber aka Sweaty Startup. He is infamous
on Twitter for going viral for all kinds
of random things. He likes to poke the
bear. He likes to be a troll, but he
also has really good content about
starting sweaty startups and businesses.
Not to mention, he owns about a hund00
million dollars of self- storage real
estate alongside investors. And he also
owns about eight different businesses.

[01:00]
owns about eight different businesses.
He is a starter, a serial entrepreneur
much like myself. And he has some really
interesting takes about starting and
growing businesses. And he's an
interesting controversial smart person
that I look up to in the business world.
And so we covered all kinds of stuff in
this. His insecurities, his doubts, how
he raises his family, what he's
building, what businesses he'd like to
be building, but he's too focused on his
current businesses. We covered a wide
spectrum of topics here today and he
just released a book called The Sweaty
Startup. So, go ahead and check that out
and I hope you enjoy. How would you
describe yourself? Man, I'm an
opportunist with uh a lot of ambition
and I put a lot of stress on myself.
Yeah, I feel that. I feel like people
shy away from the word opportunist, but
I call myself that as well. I mean,
that's that's what I am, but people
cringe at that. The whole concept of my
book is a major theme of it is to kind
of just be like water, right? be at the
top of a mountain. If you pour out a cup
of water, it's going to find the
quickest, easiest way down. People do
hard things. And life in business is not
a Olympic gymnastics routine. It's a,
you know, you can get paid really well

[02:01]
you know, you can get paid really well
to jump over two foot bars over and over
and over again. So why would you try to
high jump eight
feet? And I know you're not a fan of
people going all in on stupid sports. So
like that's a big argument out there.
Focus on one thing verse all do chase
all the rabbits. I have very strong
feelings about it. Where are you at,
man? I'm blessed to be in a situation
where I have three really, really good
businesses. It's, you know, power law. I
started 10 plus. Mhm. So, Bolt Storage
is just going to be a really powerful
machine with time because it's really
tax efficient. It's a business that if
you manage these properties well, if you
lease units well, if you do good
marketing, if you have the right people
in there, time takes care of a lot, man.
And like all of a sudden, five years go
by in the real estate business. And it's
really really powerful. Yeah. So re cost
is also just kind of exploding 50 plus
employees did almost $800,000 last month
of revenue and then somewhere is my you
know I'd say it's my main focus at the

[03:00]
know I'd say it's my main focus at the
moment is pretty good opportunity to
build a really really big company I
think. Yeah. So those are like the big
three and then you've got others but
you're Titan Risk the insurance
business. We got Bolt Builders which is
like a construction consulting business.
Ad Rhino, Bold SEO, WebRun, you know,
you know the list. But yeah, it's it's
definitely a power law with kind of what
starts to go and where your energy is
required. And that's an interesting
point because I mean power law is a
thing. And for someone that's going all
in on one thing, they'll never have an
opportunity to even experience the power
law because the statistical chance that
that one thing is the thing that will
move the needle is 5%. How do you even
know what that thing is unless you try a
bunch of things? And luckily the power
law exists in business as well. Like
you're going to try you're going to hire
10 people and two of them are going to
be just a massive massive needle movers
for your business. You're going to try
10 different ways to market and two of
them are going to click. You got to be
constantly trying a lot of things and
putting yourself out there. And I guess
if you describe me in one word, it's

[04:01]
if you describe me in one word, it's
like irrationally confident as a kid.
I'm assuming you're similar where
looking back at my 20-year-old self, I'm
like, "Oh my gosh, it's cringe. It's
almost cringeworthy how confident and
arrogant I was. But if I didn't have
that, then there's no freaking way I
would have tried to do the things that I
have since tried to do because nobody's
going to give you permission to go buy a
bunch of real estate or start a company
or buy a company. Yeah. When it comes to
confidence, what percentage of that
would you say, speaking to you
specifically, what percentage of that is
nature versus nurture in your case would
you guess? My dad is one of the most
irrationally positive people I've ever
met. never been to a bad restaurant.
Always happy, always super excited. You
can't let him interview anybody in any
of my businesses because he just wants
to hire everybody, you know? He's he's
just a super uplifting, positive person.
So after the basketball games in high
school, so it's a mix between nature and
energy. I am my dad, half blood. But I
got in the car after a basketball game
and he would just build me up where I've

[05:01]
and he would just build me up where I've
heard stories from my friends of them
getting in a car after a basketball game
and their dad telling them how they
didn't try hard and they didn't go after
the ball over here and you know just
tearing them down. So he built me up and
made me feel like I could do anything
which you know I guess so it's half and
half maybe. I don't know. Yeah, it's
interesting you say that because as you
talk about those dads that tear their
kids down, I'm remembering very specific
dads that I like of people that I
wrestled with and I'm thinking of the
kids that I wrestled with who had dads
like that and I don't think any of them
really turned out okay. Like I think
there's a correlation there. My dad was
very positive too and my mom. You got
married and had a had you got married at
16, right? Had your first kid. No, I got
married at 21. 21 21. So young. Yeah.
But then I had four kids between 23 and
29. Unbelievable. And I'm done. So
unbelievable. Yeah. I'm super passionate
about that. And I think the sweaty
startup is kind of a a title that'll get
people in who want to start a company
and think startup, but it's really a

[06:01]
and think startup, but it's really a
guide on how to make money. And then a
lot of little unique pieces of life
advice that I have kind of that you've
seen a lot of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
speaking of that, how does So your dad
is irrationally optimistic and confident
and that's rubbed off on you. How does
that play with what we see on Twitter
and a lot of which is like negative and
critical? Yeah. So when it comes to
getting hate online, it is not easy to
let it roll off and it takes practice.
It's a muscle to build over time. But
yeah, I think the most hurtful stuff is
when like pretty it's not the anons,
it's not the crazy people, it's the
folks who, you know, kind of have a
little bit of a p, you know, they are
somebody that you maybe that maybe has
some, you know, pull in a in a community
and then when they start Yeah. getting
all over you, that's when it's harder to
let it roll off. But overall, I feel
very blessed. like the last year on on
the internet with some of the madness
going on with Chris Powers and me and
some of the others was was craziness,
but in general, the internet has added

[07:01]
but in general, the internet has added
so much value to my life that I can take
it. How do you feel about it? Cuz you
get a little bit of hate, too. Yeah, I
do. And it's just like I think I agree
with you where the people that I don't
respect, their hate doesn't really
bother me. But I think sometimes when
the hate does bother me is because I
know there's some truth buried in that
it makes me feel insecure. Yeah. You
know, and it makes me self-reflect even
if it's an anonymous person at times.
But I care probably a lot more than you
do about what people think. And so that
I run things through more of a filter,
which I probably shouldn't on the
internet. And I'm getting better about
about caring less. But that is one way
I'm different. I think it's natural like
as any human being with confidence and
an ego, it's really hard. Like you can
say that you don't care what people
think, but it's a lie, especially the
right people, right? Yeah. So, yeah,
it's a balance. It's a balance between
having the self-confidence and and
trust. And with that comes some, you
know, with 10 years of doing this and
five years of putting it on the
internet, I have more confidence and

[08:00]
internet, I have more confidence and
trust in myself so I can kind of push
through. But yeah, it's it does matter
what people think. So, if it doesn't
hurt, people are lying. Yeah. I mean,
the best way to build confidence is to
do cool things and to like be successful
and be proud of yourself. You can't like
like you can fake it to a point, but it
only gets you so far. You actually have
to go do cool things worth being
confident about. Yeah. And the network
grows with that. It's hilarious to see
these, you know, college networking
events where all the kids run around
saying, "Help me, help me, help me, help
me." When in reality, the best way to
build a network is to get really
freaking good at something. like nobody
cared to know Nick Huber or who I was
until I had bought those first 10 self-
storage facilities and they thought that
they could gain something from me. So an
important realization for me and a kind
of a shift in my career was
understanding that every single person
in the world is selfish. They're
selfish. like what's in it for me from
from my wife is married me is has
married me because she thinks I'm a good
leader of our family and I'm decent to
be around to my business partner who is
a business partner of mine because he
thinks he pays me less in my percentage

[09:01]
thinks he pays me less in my percentage
of the cash flow than value I add to the
businesses on down to the employees to
everybody else. So that mindset shift
has been massive for me just realizing
that hey it's not about you give other
people what they want. Yeah. And if
everyone is inherently selfish then how
can we leverage that? That's kind of
what you're beautiful thing about this
world is there's abundance everywhere
and you can set up win-win relationships
where two selfish people who you know
have morals and best interests in mind
obviously can get together and you know
1 plus 1 equals four. Do you ever delete
tweets and or two-part question has
there ever been a tweet that you
specifically can think of that you just
regret putting out there to the world? I
think I made a tweet back in 2019 or 20
when I first got on about how organic
farming is and it's like reducing
productivity. We're not getting enough
crops. Crop prices are going up because
we're not spraying pesticides on it. And
I have done a full 180 on that
boy. So, just in doing more research or
trying to be healthy, I'm not I'm not

[10:00]
trying to be healthy, I'm not I'm not
putting uh glyphosate in in my kids'
bodies if I can help it. And I'm trying
to avoid it at all costs. I'm realizing
that it's pretty terrible. And but
that's just one area. I change my mind
on stuff all the time, man. this
business business will humble you and
like just when you think you are rocking
and you cannot be stopped and things are
everything is happening for you man
it'll it'll bring you down it'll bring
you down to the depths so that's the
beautiful thing about it is that it's
hard it's hard for everybody I know I
can think back to very specific times in
my career where I've thought oh my gosh
like I'm done like this is the best ever
like I cracked the code I figured it out
or my stocks are just crushing or this
crypto is just crushing or this company
like we turn the corner and like as soon
as I have that thought it's a it's like
a signal to things are going to get bad
now every single time and then there's
also this wild thing about business that
you can feel like you're toiling away at
something for five years and nothing has
happened I've been working on this I've

[11:01]
happened I've been working on this I've
been blocking I've been tackling maybe
it's a year or two years with some you
know shorter duration you know
investments or things that we're after
in life and then bam all of a sudden in
a matter of like days and weeks It can
feel like you just like broke through
and it and it happened and it clicked.
And I think that's the adrenaline rush
and the endorphin rush that keeps me
just so addicted to building companies
and bringing people together and hiring
and and you know and just business. It's
fun as hell. I know the hard part is
knowing like is it should I pivot at
this point or is it worth continuing to
toil and grind on this one project or
initiative or company? Do you have a
framework for for knowing when to pivot
and when to cut bait and when to triple
down? One thing that I've gotten really
good at by having a lot of balls in the
air, whether it be writing a book,
having three companies and a lot of
people that are depending on me, doing a
house remodel while also having a baby.
Like I was in the starting blocks in
college for the Ivy League

[12:01]
college for the Ivy League
championships, trying to win an Ivy
League championship. And after that, I
was answering customer service calls for
my storage company. And that night I
took who was my future wife out on a
date. So it's like I've always had a lot
of things that I'm very focused on. And
so I have learned over time to be very
good at picking like the lowest hanging
fruit that I must focus on to move the
business forward. And now it's as I get
involved in bigger companies like
somewhere.com you have to look at a divi
divisions of the company like the sales
team. What is the one thing on the sales
team that we can do to move the sales
team forward? What is the most important
thing in the finance division that we
should focus on? What's the one most
important thing in the recruiting org
that we can do to improve the business?
And you just keep piling those things
on. Keep your people focused. Intuition
almost just know what's worth doing.
It's really hard though. I I don't know
that there's a equation for it. How do
you think about balancing everything?
Good question. I just I just had a
different podcast a couple hours ago
where he asked me about this and I like

[13:01]
where he asked me about this and I like
to think of it as like increasing your
baseline for stress. And the analogy I
would make is like you've got a hostess
at a Manhattan restaurant, hottest
restaurant in Manhattan. They're slammed
24/7. And to get her stressed, you need
like a guy to have a heart attack. And
then you've got like a restaurant in the
Midwest that like, you know, they're
they're steady. And maybe a big party
comes in and they get stressed out.
Yeah. And like most people have no idea
what their baseline is for stress
because they just live this normal 9 to5
and it's like, "Oh, you want me to come
over? Oh geez, I got to do the laundry
then." like they just don't know what
they're capable of because they haven't
said yes to enough things. And you and I
like we're saying yes to so many things
and we're overburdening ourselves to the
point of exhaustion. Things are going
wrong. Yes. After five or seven years,
we're like, "Holy crap, I get a lot done
in a day." And like a lot a lot of stuff
fell off because it wasn't important.
And that's a signal that it wasn't
important. But like you just have to
increase your baseline for stress before
you know what you're capable of. I think
stress and decision- making are muscles.

[14:01]
stress and decision- making are muscles.
There's no and delegation too. Like the
three the three core cornerstone
attributes of an entrepreneur. Being
able to handle stress, being able to
make good decisions, and then actually
being able to delegate and tell people
what to do. None of that can be learned
in a book. If you want to put on muscle
like Arnold Schwarzenegger, you're not
going to go read about Arnold, watch a
bunch of videos, build your plan, order
your protein. No, you got to go to the
gym and lift the weights. I think those
those things are exactly the same
because yeah, the things that got me
stressed early in my career are everyday
occurrences today as the stakes go up.
Paul Graham has this essay that I love
that's called makers versus managers.
Have you read that? No. He just talks
about how like in the business world
there's two types of people. Picture
like a coder sitting in a dark room just
building code and he's got the whole day
open and you put one meeting on his
calendar and he's just thrown off. And
then you've got that's a maker, right?
And then you've got a manager who's just
like they want their calendar full. They
want meeting after meeting after meeting
because it makes them feel productive
and busy and you know their default

[15:02]
and busy and you know their default
setting is like just put something on my
calendar. Put something on my calendar.
If that's a spectrum, where would you
put yourself? Because if you have three
businesses that are all growing, you
kind of fall into the manager role
whether you like it or not. Where would
where would you put yourself? I am
definitely not a natural manager where I
just want to have, you know, 30 meetings
a week on my calendar. And I know a lot
of folks like that who can be effective
that way for sure. I like to think about
obviously monthly meetings and check-ins
on my businesses where I am I feel like
the team has clear direction. If every
team has clear direction and they know
exactly what to work on and I agree with
that, I'm good to let them run. Hey,
come to me when you have a problem. But
I'm definitely not a a natural manager
on that spectrum. What about you? I'm
like a maker through and through. Like I
want my calendar to have nothing on it.
And even if that means all of my
businesses are smaller as a result,

[16:00]
businesses are smaller as a result,
right? Like I just want to work on a
bunch of stuff and tinker and and scheme
and toy around. That's just fun for me.
Mhm. I'm planning a keynote for SM Bash
and it's about the role of a CEO and
I've got two quotes for you and I want
to I want to know where you stand. So
one is Andrew Wilkinson and this is his
tweet from 2020 March
2020. He says as a CEO your job is to
actually do nothing. CEOs who perform
duties within their companies are
failing. Your job is to set strategy and
culture, delegate and incentivize. Same
goes for executives. You are just more
more focused. many CEOs who report up.
So that's Andrew Wilkinson. And then you
got Michael Girdley who says, "Hire
smart people, leave them alone."
Terrible advice. Where do you stand? Two
smart people, opposite advice. Both of
them more successful than me probably.
But in my opinion, to be an effective
manager, you have to be able to get in a
meeting and tell people what to do. You
can't do that if you don't know what
it's like on the front row. So in
somewhere like I know how to recruit. I

[17:01]
somewhere like I know how to recruit. I
know how to recruit almost any PE
person. I know how to get in our
software. I know how to look at their
profiles. I know how to move them along
in our sourcing. I know how to request a
video because I wrote the email that we
send to a candidate to request a video.
I wrote all the templates that my
recruiters are using to to present
candidates to clients. Yesterday at
4:30, I got on and coached for an hour
our sales team because I took 20 sales
calls over the last month. That's where
I stare.
Well, to me that it's very clear where
you are on that spectrum. Then I won't
share my screen, but the slide is like
how it started and then it's Andrew
Wilkinson's quote and then it's how it's
going and it's his stock price from 2020
to today is down like%. That's doing
dirty though. I'm not trying to do him
dirty. I like Andrew Wilkinson. I agree
with 95% of what he says. But I I read
that quote of his and I read it to my
CEO at the time back in 2020 and his
name was Matt and I was like that you
need to be a router. You need to be a

[18:01]
need to be a router. You need to be a
router of information. You need to put
people in the right place. Put them in
the right seat on the bus. Let them do
their job. And you know what happened
after that? It sucked. Everything
tanked. And I forgot about that quote.
And then a year or two later we were
talking and he's like, "Dude, you just
you told me that like if I'm a good CEO,
I shouldn't have anything to do." And
I'm like, "Oh my gosh." So, like I think
there's merit to both of them, but I
think with Andrew Wilkinson's advice,
generally speaking, how big was the
business in revenue and headcount when
it was an $8 million yearly revenue
business topline? I think we may be
speaking to just like playing different
games. When you're trying to run a
$und00 million company, and I don't know
how how big, you know, Andrew's
companies are, but when you're trying to
run a really big company, I can see that
like it's really hard to get in the
front row and the and the CEO has no
business flipping a burger. But all of
my companies, I have to know how the job
works and figure out how to do it and
then tell everybody what to do it and
keep moving up the chain. Yeah. I like
to say is like a CEO should know what
all the weeds are but not spend his day

[19:00]
all the weeds are but not spend his day
in the weeds, you know? But I think most
CEOs don't even know what the weeds are.
They're too far removed from it and
they're like, "Well, I'm the CEO,
right?" So, and I think another thing I
think you're doing it right. You really
have
to It's my job and then it's our job and
then it's your job. People delegate too
fast. A lot of CEOs delegate too fast
and COOs, meaning a problem comes in,
they know the solution. They're just
going to send a quick message. No
meeting necessary. No meetings at my
company. Just going to tell somebody
quickly what to do. No followup, no
holding them accountable, no walking
them through it, no watching them. For a
couple months, my head of ops at
somewhere was CCed on every recruiting
email because you can't see what's
happening. You don't know what's
happening unless you're really in the
trenches. One of the things I told my
CEO, this was a Shopify business, and I
said, "I want you to turn on
notifications for all of our orders."
And he's like, "What?" Like, that would
blow my phone up. I'm like, "You need to
see like you just need to see. You need
to stay top of mind on the size of the
orders, the name of the person ordering,
because it was it was e-commerce, but it

[20:00]
because it was it was e-commerce, but it
was B2B, so there were bigger orders,
and you just need to have your finger on
the pulse of it." And in that business
with that method, it was just a good way
of doing that. So, that's what AI AI is
overblown in my opinion. But there's one
thing it's really good at. It's quality
control. And I can get an AI
notification in my Slack channel every
time a client sends my recruiter
negative feedback. And me as the owner
of the business can see and read where
my company's getting negative feedback.
Critical. Critical. If I was just
ignoring that, burying my head in the
sand, I wouldn't know what to do to
improve everything. Yeah. I try to like
unsubscribe from as many notifications
as I can. But for our businesses that
have Google My Business profiles, I get
emails every time we get a review. one,
four, five star, it doesn't matter. And
that's a really good way of keeping your
finger on it as well. I'm glad you
brought up AI. I have two tweets from
you and and I I've watched your stance
on AI change over the years. January
2023, you said, "I'm very bearish on
AI." Now, that's taken out of context.
It was a longer tweet than that. And
then November 2024, you said, "I don't

[21:02]
then November 2024, you said, "I don't
think AI will change the world like they
think it will." So, it's like you're
kind of moving down the line. Where are
you today on AI and how are you using
it?
I am following it very closely because I
have 15 million of overhead at my
companies, mostly labor. If I can do
anything to reduce that, that's a dollar
in my or my investor's pockets. So video
is cool, but you know what's better?
Long form audio via podcast and my
newsletter.
TKOP.com. Go there to subscribe for free
to my newsletter. It's one email a week.
Very tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy salespitch. tkopod.com.
I would be foolish as an a business
owner to not try to figure out what
tools I can do to make everybody more
efficient. So I've demoed I've demoed 20
to 30 AI tools over the last 6 months
that all of them had a wow factor of pop
that original like shock factor that AI
gives and I've tried to implement about
eight of them into my company and seven

[22:01]
eight of them into my company and seven
of them were total giant pain in the
today right now.
So AI is a massive risk to what I'm
doing at somewhere placing hiring
people. Is it a risk because we're
already, you know, developing AI
training modules and we're getting all
our executive assistants trained on AI
and making them more powerful and even
more competitive against the US-based
employee. So is it the US-based employee
that's at risk or is it the
international employee? That can be
argued. But when people like Andrew
Wilkinson say that AI is going to crush
my business, a mentor of mine, I call
him and say, "Hey, what's this? what's
going on? How's it What do you How do
you see this playing out? And he says,
"Your business isn't going to exist five
years from now. I'd be pretty foolish
not to pay attention, but massively
underwhelming from a delivery standpoint
today." And also, I'm just generally a
skeptic because Elon Musk has been
telling me full self-driving is coming
to the road near me for 20 years. He's
saying it's coming in two years. He's
been he's been saying that for 20 years.
It's the same principle. The last mile
is as hard as the first 99 with anything

[23:01]
is as hard as the first 99 with anything
you do, right? Getting it across the
finish line. Are there any specific
tools that you're using outside of chat
GPT that you're you you are enthused by?
Yeah, but I don't know if I want to say
because one of them is one of them is
pretty awesome and adding a lot of
value, but I know I have competitors
crawling everywhere.
You'll have to tell me offline then.
Yeah, I will. I will. And is is it a
game changer? Is it a game total game
changer? No. But is it making my team
better and more efficient? Absolutely.
I'm like all in on AI, right? But I'm
also you were right about web 3. you
were just like web 3 is overblown. We're
not living in the metaverse. And I was
with you on that and you were right.
Right. And crypto, NFTTS, I feel like AI
is kind of the along the same lines but
different like more transformative than
all those. But I tweeted a week ago. I
was like, please someone tell me how are
you using an AI agent every single day?
Like specifically, what are you doing?
because and then I put a screenshot of
all the companies that have raised eight
figures on AI agents, mostly sales

[24:01]
figures on AI agents, mostly sales
agents. And I said, I've I've looked at
these. I've demoed these. I don't know a
one person, myself included. I use
Zapier. I use Gumroad, you know,
automations. That's not what I'm talking
about. Who is actually using an agent?
Not one person could tell me. So, what
are we doing? Domino's is using an agent
in the Philippines to when you call in
your pizza. So, is Papa John's. Neither
of them are using an AI agent. No, no.
They're using a Filipino agent like I
hire. Oh, yes.
Oh, I know that. I know that. Like at
drive-throughs, you'll talk to someone
in the Philippines, right? I pay
$500 for a customer in the self- storage
business at some of my highest rent
locations, you know, blended across my
portfolio well under $200. But some of
them where I'm charging, you know, 300
bucks a month for a climate controlled,
you know, high high rent storage unit.
I'm paying 500 bucks to fill that unit.
How the hell am I going to trust an AI
agent with a delay on it to rent that
unit? Guys like Andrew Wilkinson make

[25:00]
unit? Guys like Andrew Wilkinson make
these videos on Twitter of them like
talking to the AI bot, Elon Musk with
Rogan on February 28th. Elon spends the
beginning talking to Grock. I've been in
rooms with CEOs saying, "This is going
to change everything. Here's how I talk
to AI." and I listen to these
conversations and it's like it's
everything I can do to not laugh at
this. It's like this is I don't get any
value. Where is the value? Tell me where
the value is. So, there's that side of
it and then there's the side of it like
it's coming. It's a tool. It's already
proving to be effective inside of a
couple of my companies. I'm leaning
towards like this is the lawn mower and
it's going to make the landscaping
companies more efficient and more money.
the internet came along and all these
people who were just plugging data
working in warehouses in New York City,
plugging floppy discs in and out of
machines, they they found other jobs.
Yeah. I mean, self-driving cars were
promised by 2020. It could be five more
years for Tesla. They were promised by
It was promised by 2015. Yeah. Maybe
2020 was the third deadline. Ben, is the

[26:00]
2020 was the third deadline. Ben, is the
Roadster out yet?
You're right. I mean, the last mile
takes a long time. I'm doing a total
pivot here, but I'm curious how you talk
about your family a lot, which I love.
How do you plan to manage wealth with
raising humble kids that have normal
lives? Man, I feel so passionately about
this. Thank you for asking the question.
You've done a lot of research. I think
about this too on a daily basis. I meet
kids from both camps. I meet kids who
came from money who are arrogant. They
don't understand the value of a dollar.
They don't add value to the world. And
they're just generally not great people.
And then I meet kids who came from
serious wealth, who are humble, who are
hard workers, who add value, and who
have good morals and good relationships
all the way around them. And I've
actually been lucky enough to talk to a
lot of their parents because of my
reach. Now, over the last few years,
I've been in the rooms and I've been
able to talk to some of these people and
be like, what's the what's what's the
difference? Like, what are you doing

[27:00]
difference? Like, what are you doing
different? And it's all a version of
teaching your kid how to struggle with
grace. Life is hard for everybody. It
really is. Like, there's going to be
travel delays. There's going to be
health problems. There's going to be
surprises. There's going to be sick
kids. There's going to be all this hard
stuff about life. No matter how much
money you have, if you can't struggle
with grace, you're going to be
miserable. You're going to be miserable.
So what you do is you have an option as
a kid for kids. Put them in a bubble and
protect them from all pain or let them
go out and experiment and mess up and
make mistakes when the stakes are low so
that they practice their decision-m they
practice their resiliency just like we
were talking about at the beginning of
the episode getting used to the
struggle. So if you give everything to
your kids and you protect them from
every bit of pain and make decisions for
your kids, they're going to fail. Like I
went to Cornell where half the kids on
my floors parents made it their mission
to get them in Cornell. The parents sent
them to private school. The parents did
the homework. The parents did the essay.
The parents dropped them off. The
parents scheduled the freaking cabs to
the bars that night. Those kids didn't
hack it. They never made it. Have you

[28:00]
hack it. They never made it. Have you
heard the phrase? We've all heard
helicopter parent, but lawn mower
parent. It's like you just mow down
everything in front of your kid to make
sure they've got smooth sailing. Oh man,
that's a good that's a good one. It's
good. You've got to make like your kids
have to struggle and it's the hardest
thing in the world. You have to fight
it. But it's like I talk out of both
sides of my mouth cuz we live in an
amazing community and a big house, you
know, but we we want our kids to be
humble and they have to do chores, but
their chore is like, you know, bring the
garbage can out from the street. It's
not like go dig a ditch for eight hours,
you know, they have to do their
homework. They their screen time is
limited, but I don't know. I also think
like if you're worried about this kind
of stuff, then your kids are going to do
fine. It's like a self- selection bias.
And if you don't think about it, you're
not intentional. Then the enabling is a
disaster. Like there's people who will
enable their high school kids to just
become alcoholics and drug drug addicts.
I don't I don't understand that from
like wealthy, wellto-do people. Reminds
me of Trump in the sense that you get
eyeballs and you say stuff to get

[29:00]
eyeballs and you say stuff to get
eyeballs and it works, right? But then
the other half of you is the opposite of
Trump. Like Trump would never be
vulnerable. He would never be humble. He
would never admit where he screwed up
ever. and that's like very strategic on
his part. Whereas I've heard you on
Chris Powers, I've heard you like be
vulnerable and open. What do you think
that is? Do you are you intentional
about your content or about that side of
you or is that just who you are? Yeah,
look, I've told in in the sweaty startup
when it comes out, people are going to
people are going to read horror stories
from my time in, you know, trying to
grow these companies. You know the
nights where you walk into your house,
you're an anxious mess and you can't
look at your wife. You are so stressed.
I mean, not too long ago, I had a cortis
cortisol blood test in the high30s. I
don't know if anybody tracks their
cortisol. It should be like 15. Very
stressed out. Person's 25. Mine was in
the high 30s. This is stuff going on
inside of companies that will shake you
to your core and make you doubt
everything and humble you. And any any

[30:01]
everything and humble you. And any any
business owner who does big things and
and acts like that stuff doesn't happen
is just that's that's a lie. It's not
really what it is. Why would I try to
lie about what it's like to be a
business owner when I'm I'm on the
internet trying to convince people to be
entrepreneurs. I'm writing books about
trying to convince people to be
entrepreneurs. Total disservice
to skip the hard stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a trade-off. Sometimes
I wish I had a boss that would just tell
me what to do and I just had a paycheck
every two weeks. I don't, but I do, you
know. Yeah. Yeah. When things are
working, man. And right now, like
several of my companies, things are just
working and it makes the good days
better for sure when there's hard days.
How do you balance the mindset of when
it comes to starting a business? On on
one hand, my messaging is always like
just freaking do it. Like anyone can
start a business. It's approachable.
Yes, it's hard. It's hard, but if I over
complicate it in my messaging, then
people won't even try, right? So, I try

[31:00]
people won't even try, right? So, I try
to dumb it down, simplify it, be
optimistic, encouraging, you know, just
get someone that doesn't know you to pay
you for a service, then figure out how
to fulfill it. On the other side, it's
like, listen, this is not sexy. This is
not roses. It's freaking hard. Careful
what you're going into. Where do you
find yourself on that spectrum? Like
training a dog. I just got a dog. And
when the dog is when you want the dog to
do something that you want it to do, you
give it a little bit of food. They're
going to just continue to do things that
feel good. Humans are the same way.
Running a business and running a
business poorly is a nightmare. So,
they're not going to last long. I I
don't really have a lot of fear of like
trying to convince somebody to run a
business and them spending 20 years
toiling away suffering. They're going to
get that feedback. They're going to know
if they have it or not, and then they're
going to iterate and adjust.
But it is a truth that 95% of people
don't have it. Five years ago, early in
my content career, when I first started
my podcast, maybe 2020 even, I thought

[32:00]
my podcast, maybe 2020 even, I thought
everybody should start a business. And
if you don't start a company, you're an
idiot. Everybody should do it.
Everybody. It's the best way. How you
going to get wealthy? I totally disagree
with that now. and that 50% of people
literally don't even have the mental
ability to like not be totally broke and
overweight. How are those folks going to
run an organization under stress and
guide other people? They can't even
manage their own lives. So, I've started
to shift my opinion on that a little
bit. I could see that. I I feel like
people that are enamored by it and
really want to try it, like they should
try it, right? like not let go of their
job or whatever it is, but like just
check that box for yourself and find out
if you actually like it or if it's
actually enjoyable to I love I love I
mean you get a lot of the same hate that
I get on the internet and I love it when
you post this very actionable true
advice about starting a company. Hey
guys, it really is as simple as getting
out and getting that first customer to
pay you money and you have all these
keyboard warriors in the comments that
say, "It's not that easy, Chris. You're

[33:00]
say, "It's not that easy, Chris. You're
lying to everybody. It's not that easy.
What about insurance?" Yeah. What about
insurance? What about your LLC? You
forgot that step. That's just people who
realize they either A they have too much
anxiety and self-doubt to ever try. Or
B, they've tried and failed and they
don't want anybody else to they want to
feel better about themselves. Yeah. So,
there's the people with the abundance
mindset that look at your content and
they like it and they buy in and they
love it. And there's the people that are
the crabs in the bucket who use it as a
way to get upset. I think you're doing
an amazing thing for your brand and for
everybody to scare off all those anxious
basement dwellers and double down on the
people who want to do something. Yeah.
Well, thanks. Our insecurities come out
in those comments, especially through
anonymous accounts. I've said this a
dozen times on this podcast, but I
firmly believe that our insecurities
make us either our best or our worst
selves. Are we aware of them? Are we is
it a chip on our shoulder or is it like
an anchor pulling us down? What would
you say your insecurities are and how do

[34:00]
you say your insecurities are and how do
they drive you if at all? My
insecurities help me manage risk. My
insecurities keep me humble. My
insecurities will allow me to change my
mind and take advice. So, I tell this
story in the book that I've never really
told before. My VP of finance in 2022,
late 2022, went on vacation for a week
and we had a lot of deals flying around.
We had a lot of offers out for storage.
We got a couple counter offers while he
was gone and I accepted like me, the
owner of the company went in and said,
"Okay, we can't afford to pay this.
Like, let's get these two deals under
contract." We got two self- storage
facilities under contract, almost $10
million in storage. He comes back and
I'm like, "Kevin, good news, man. We got
10 million more dollars of storage under
contract." He looks at the deal in a
meeting, in a team meeting, group
meeting, looks at the deal, and he's
like, "We can't do these deals. These
are bad deals, Nick." And I'm like,
"Whoa, I'm your boss."
But yeah, that was my initial thought. I
didn't say that, but like whoa. Okay,
that was your ego. Yeah, but but then I

[35:01]
that was your ego. Yeah, but but then I
was like, let's look at this. Like,
okay, tell me like why. And I started
encouraging him to talk and we started
talking through it and I realized he was
right. It was too much money. And if we
would have bought those two deals
looking back to late 2022, they would
have been massive stresses and they
could have taken down our entire
organization because 10 million of debt,
you got to have five, $6 million to come
up with a refi. Who knows what could
have happened, right? So it's not easy
to swallow that pill and you know trust
trust your people to guide you the right
way. So that's where kind of my
insecurity and humility come in for
sure. Pride comes up in business so much
and it leads us to do the stupidest
things. I see it all the time. People
are irrational, man. People are
irrational. They'll say stupid things.
They'll be disrespectful. They'll say
they'll demand things that don't make
any sense. And sometimes your best bet
as a business owner is to swallow your
pride. smile and nod and then just play
the cards you're dealt and that's really
really freaking hard. Yeah.
Yeah. What business ideas or

[36:01]
Yeah. What business ideas or
opportunities are you to focus on what
you're currently doing to launch that
other people might take advantage of?
This is my wheelhouse. I mean I I do a
lot of the same. Our our content
overlaps so closely that we could jam on
this for hours. One of the most popular
pieces of content that I've ever written
is my 200 plus business ideas. Have you
seen these? Mhm. It's now 500 plus
business ideas, by the way, because I've
been working on it for seven years now.
But if you're listening to this, you can
go to
sweatystartup.com and you can get a PDF
of let's just start reading. Lawn care,
pest control, firewood delivery,
residential painting, pressure washing,
thermal imaging, vacation rental
management, custom closet buildout,
mobile car detail, trim, tree trimming,
on demand irrigation, green home
consultation, on demand holiday
decorations, pool hot tub services, deck
staining, gutter cleaning, maid
services, laundry services, keep on
going down. In my opinion, if you got no
money, you got no job, you got no
experience, you got no skills, you're

[37:01]
experience, you got no skills, you're
not a computer programmer from so from
Stanford, go clean something, man.
There's a lot of that's dirty out there
that you can clean and you can make 50
bucks an hour doing it. It's a great
place to start. What do you think is the
best way to get your first customer in a
service business like that? I got my
first 7,000 customers the same way
without paying for any marketing. I was
doing pickup and delivery student
storage, meaning kids in dorms needed a
place to store their stuff when they
went home and then they moved into a
different dorm. They were all on college
campuses. Cornell was where I was. I got
up at 6:00 a.m. Actually, I got up at
7:30 and I went to the bridge where
North Campus went to campus where every
kid walked across and I wrote five chalk
advertisements on that bridge and then
they woke up and they walked to their
8:40 class. They started walking there
at 8 and from 8 to 8:40 every single day
during finals week we got 40 plus
signups. The email inbox was just bang
bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang.
Was it a a phone number that they
called? storage squad.com. The the ad

[38:01]
called? storage squad.com. The the ad
said free boxes, free pickup, free
delivery, free packing supplies, summer
storage.com. No graphics, no funny
stuff, just that words. Storagequad.com.
and they went to storage squad.com and
they signed up for their free boxes. So,
yeah, it's super simple. It's usually
simple. You know, we we bend over
backwards trying to think of really
creative, innovative ideas when the
obvious ones are usually the right ones.
My brother runs a lawn care company and
bandit signs are his number one customer
source. You know what a bandit sign is?
Same for our our tree trimming. Yeah.
Yeah. It's those white signs or whatever
color signs that have the steel, the
little thin steel, and you jam them into
the grass. Double-sided. They cost like
two bucks each. You order 500 of them.
Yeah. You're going to spend a,000 bucks.
It's awesome. We don't leave a house
without leaving a bandit sign at our
tree trimming business. All right. Well,
tell me about your book. What's in
there? What what you hope people walk
away with when they read your book?

[39:00]
away with when they read your book?
Yeah. So, it's broken into three
sections. It's about first one's
opportunity, how to pick the right
business idea. literally how to call and
do a market study. It's pretty tactical.
I do the anti-VC spiel as well, like
stop trying to change the world. The new
idea is bad. The second section is about
the skills you need, whether it be
delegation, sales, sense of urgency, all
the things you need to know how to do to
run a company. And then the last part is
the people because you can't do any of
this alone. So, you got to learn how to
hire, to recruit, to manage, to, you
know, effectively scale yourself.
Because me, myself, I can work for a
whole year and I can work 3,000 hours.
You know, that's what, 55 hours a week.
So, maybe I can work 4,000 hours if I'm
an attorney, no life. But right now on
this podcast, you and I are going to
spend an hour together, and I'm going to
get 350 hours worth of work done because
I have 350 employees across my
organizations. What was the the process
of writing that book? Was it did you use
a ghostriter? Do you have any help? Do
it yourself? I I've heard you say that
it was very difficult. At first, I had

[40:02]
it was very difficult. At first, I had
all this all my threads organized in
like all my Twitter writing organized in
different concepts. And I'm like, okay,
here's a section of a chapter. Here's a
section of a chapter. Here's a section
of a chapter. And I hired a ghost writer
to write it. One chapter in, I knew that
this was not going to happen. It's not
going to happen. This is my legacy. This
is all my friends and family and anybody
who's going to read this. I'm gonna have
to write this book. So, I realized that
very, very soon. And then I realized how
much harder it is to write an actual
structured, organized book than tweets
on Twitter, my blog, my email
newsletter. The words just flow. I can
write my Monday email newsletter with on
a management principle and I can write
it in 25 minutes and it's great because
it's just it's just how I do it. You're
the same way. I can tell by the way you
write on Twitter that the I can't stop
it from coming. Actually, I wish
sometimes I could be like, "Stop
thinking of
tweets." A book was not that way. And I
wrote the whole book, turned it in to
my editor, and she's like, "Nick, A, we
need to find somebody to help you with
this, and B, you're going to have to

[41:00]
this, and B, you're going to have to
rewrite all this." I hired an editor to
basically keep me on track. Help me with
structure. Say, "Hey, Nick, we, you
know, we can't just jumble all five of
these ideas on four pages. This doesn't
make any sense at all. We got to change
this. Here's how we're going to do it.
We're going to make this read. We're
going to make it make sense." Her name
was Julie. She was amazing. She was an
editor. We had meet we had meetings to
keep on schedule and then I wrote it
again and I'm really happy with it. But
man, it was hard. Then there's that
anxiety and self-doubt that creeps in
where you're halfway through a book and
you're like, who am I to write this
book? No one's going to give a about any
of this. These ideas are
Yeah. Yeah. You don't even have time to
think that when you blast out a tweet.
You're like, but with a book, you've got
like years to really self-doubt. I sold
my book to Harper Collins and got my
advance in the fall of 2023. It's an
18-month process for me. Why not
self-publish with your audience? It was
worth it. Harper Collins has been a

[42:00]
worth it. Harper Collins has been a
great partner and I got a half million
dollar advance to write the book. Bang.
How much of a percentage do they keep? I
get 15% of revenue after they recoup
theirs. So, it's a really good deal for
them if it sells a lot of books. But,
but their team is great. like from from
advice on the structure to Hollis who is
a world worldclass editor at Harper
Collins Business Hollis Heinbeck she
would give me very blunt and brutal
advice on my writing and say Nick you
got to change this or that and the other
than the from the cover art to the
rapping to the structure of it all. It
was just their team is good so I don't
regret it at all. You're like nothing's
wrong with my writing. Look at my
tweets. They get millions of views. What
are you talking about?
She's like, "Mick, it doesn't make any
sense, man."
Well, I'll be writing a book eventually,
but I'm intimidated by the whole process
for the same reasons. Seems I think it
would be worth doing it even if I didn't
get any advance and nobody read it
because I learned a lot through the
process. Highly recommend that you do
it. Highly recommend. Okay. Well, Nick,

[43:03]
it. Highly recommend. Okay. Well, Nick,
thank you for your time. Your book's
called Sweaty Startup. Comes out April
29th. Yeah. Where else can we find you?
We'll put a link to the book right here
in the show notes on Amazon. And then
yeah, man, sweaty startup across all the
social channels. You can send me an
email, nicksartup.com. If you have any
thoughts, feedback for me, you want a
discount at somewhere.com, anything like
that, shoot me an email. I'm all over
the place. All right. Thank you.