[00:00]
It literally took me 2 hours. I was just
sitting in my backyard like messing
around. I sold it. What? Yeah. Yeah,
dude. You don't have to be a genius. No,
you just have to know where to look. I
didn't like wake up 3 weeks ago saying,
"Dude, you know what would be an
interesting offer? That guy just told me
that that's what he wanted. Cool. I can
do that." You go tell any person in the
world this business idea. That's stupid.
No one's going to pay $200 for a PDF on
how to walk around with weights. You
know what? Actually, a lot of people
will. And they are. Momentum is probably
the most underrated asset for
entrepreneurs. If you feel it, just
chase momentum.
How has your AI cooking app been going?
Dude, dude, I sold it. What? Yeah. What
are you doing, dude? We had to find out
that you were going to get a million
users on day one. So, I know, I know, I
know, I know. I just couldn't give it
the time to really commit to it. And so
there was a guy in my grow faster

[01:00]
there was a guy in my grow faster
community, link in my Twitter bio, and
that we were talking about this app on
the call. And he's he's running a
different consumer app. And I was like,
look, I know how to grow this. I just
had like if I'm going to go spend time
on something, it's got to be something
else. And because it was just sitting
there for like the last three weeks, I
just hadn't moved the needle on it. And
so I was like, "Look, I paid a,000 bucks
for it. I'll sell it to you for a,000
bucks and I keep 20% of revenue off the
top and I'll teach you how to to run the
ads and scale it cuz he wants to go do
it for his app." And so I was like,
"Your ad spend, my strategy, then you
can steal this exact playbook to run it
for your app, which is like more for
it's like day trader journaling type
app." And so I was like, "Look, this is
a win-win. You deal with all of the
headache of getting it live in the app
store and and all of that stuff. I just
want to help run the ads." And so I took
a positive free roll on it. They're
getting it live right now. They've been

[02:00]
getting it live right now. They've been
active, dude. The whole the entire
business is being coordinated and ran
through the Twitter DMs. And it's one of
my favorite things ever. It's just all
like I think we sent one email. It's so
it's not going to be an AI cooking app
anymore. No, it is. It is. He's No, he's
going to run it exactly how how I had
it. He just He's also doing the day
trading. Yeah. And so he was like, "All
right, well, I might as well just like
and that app's he's doing it more legit
cuz we use Flutterflow, the no code iOS
builder. He's doing a more legit one, so
it's not going to be ready for two
months." And so I was like, "Well, you
might as well get reps on something
here." And so I'll still have updates as
as they get it live, but I was like,
"Dude, it's just going to sit there."
Like, I literally I have other ads to
run. Okay, that's amazing. And I'm
excited to hear how it goes. I want you
to tell me if you think this is a viable
app idea. We've talked about variations
of this, but it's evolved. A mobile app
that is basically like an AI business
partner. Yep. You upload your LinkedIn,

[03:00]
partner. Yep. You upload your LinkedIn,
let's say it's 10 bucks a month, your
LinkedIn, and then it it puts you
through like a personality assistant.
Are you an introvert, an extrovert? Do
you like you have sales experience? You
have writing experience? It figures out
who you are. And then it's like, okay,
here's five businesses that you should
start based on everything you've told
me. Choose your own adventure. You pick
one. Cool. Now it becomes like an
accountability partner and it's and a
calendar, a scheduling partner. That's
cool. Where you wake up on day one and
it's like turn your notifications on
because I'm going to tell you to get to
work. On day one, it's like all right,
you need to buy a URL. It needs to be
three syllables or less. only a.com or
if it's like an app, maybe it's
like.ai.io works. It's customized based
on your idea and then it's like you can
make it simple and make it like 10 bucks
a month or you could make it like an
accountability app where like you have
to pay extra money if you don't do the
tasks. Like it has your card on file and
there's like you have skin in the game
and it's like your zero equity $10 a
month business partner, accountability
partner, coach, therapist, everything.
What do you think? love the theory

[04:01]
What do you think? love the theory
behind it. If it's monthly, your churn's
going to be insane. I think it's one of
those I've been thinking about all sorts
of businesses like these, but what I've
realized is like that that sort of
business is like it's a it's a make
money online offer in a different
rapper. And so, what we always have to
kind of acknowledge with make money
online offers is that there's like only
going to be a small percentage of people
that are actually going to do anything.
They'll get flamed out on day three.
Three. And that's why like you talk like
it's funny cuz everyone talks about like
these scammy course guys and all this
stuff. And it's like before I got really
into this game, I agreed. I thought they
were scammy and there definitely were
some that that do, right? Like that's
that's real. But what I started to
recognize was there's a lot of people
that signed up for these courses
thinking it was a magic pill and then
they actually get into it and they
realize that it's harder than they
thought and they don't know what's good
and all of a sudden they don't want to
take their own accountability for it. So
that guy that sold me that thing lied

[05:02]
that guy that sold me that thing lied
and it's like no like no he didn't. You
just only got through 6% of the program.
And those guys are incentivized to
charge a lot of money upfront because
they know that. And so like if they're
going to make their money, it's making
money on the people being super excited
about that opportunity. Catch them in
the moment, right? You catch them in the
m. Oh dude, I've always wanted to run an
ecom brand, right? Like, oh, I can make
a bunch of money doing this. like
they're in that state, so they make the
big purchase. Then they get into the
part that's less fun, which is the
actual work, and then all of a sudden
that dude lied and whatever. I feel like
there's there's that app follows a
similar undertone where like I bet you
could your acquisition channels would be
explosive, right? Everyone that's
interested in business wants an AI
powered co-founder. Of course, for 10
bucks a month, but
like what percentage of those people are
actually going to use it to a degree
where it's like valuable to them long

[06:00]
where it's like valuable to them long
term? Yeah. And then your financial
mechanism is like if it's monthly, it's
like, oh, dude, this guy, this AI
co-founder didn't make me a million
dollars like on his own. Like I I had to
be involved, dude. I had to do work.
like churn. It's got to be like a
lifetime purchase. 100%. Yeah. Yeah.
Which then goes into like the same
model, like $500 lifetime purchase, and
then they get into it, the work is real,
they don't want to do it, and all of a
sudden the app, the AI co-founder is BS.
Dude, that thing didn't even help me.
And it's like, dude, you you were going
to be an HR rep at IBM for your whole
life anyways, bro. You know, like, what
are we doing? Like I think one important
variable is the quality of the content.
I've had two master classes. We did one
for our the tree biz boot camp which is
like $3,000. Yeah. Yeah. And then one
for the RV park stuff which is like
$6,000. Yeah. And the RV one is still a
work in progress. But a minority of

[07:00]
work in progress. But a minority of
people ever do the thing. Start the tree
business or buy an RV park. Right. But
zero people have asked me for a refund
ever. For sure. Right. and they're
thrilled. Like amazing testimonials. No
one's complained. And I've had a couple
people that bought the the boot camp,
the tree biz boot camp, come buy the RV
one, too. Because they're like, "Oh,
it's Chris's. It's going to be good."
Right? So, I think a lot of the scam
aspect also comes into like you you pay
the five grand or 500 and you're like,
"Dude, this guy this guy's a joke. This
guy's a joke." And then the other half
of it is like, "I didn't do the thing. I
have buyer's remorse." You know what I'm
saying? I think similar I did similar at
different price points when I did Launch
OS in like early 2023. Had that one
tweet go crazy. Had a hundred people buy
it for 300 bucks. Three
people actually like turned in to like
launched a business through it. A few a
few refund requests mostly from overseas
which is what it is. But everyone else
like dude this was awesome. Like this is

[08:01]
like dude this was awesome. Like this is
sweet. Like guys that still want to get
on calls and and do all of that. And the
other piece that I realized is those
three people would have been
successful whether or not they bought
Launch O. They were going to do it no
matter you caught them at the right
time. Yeah. And it's like they were
going to do it anyways. And so I think
like again going back to your idea, it's
like yeah, you're just serving an
interesting market because the people
that are going to do it anyways are
probably already using Chat GPT in that
way. It's just like better branded and
like made for that specific use case.
And then you're gonna have a bunch of
people that think that some AI
co-founder is the magic pill that will
solve them having to do real work. And
it's like, nah, sorry, dude. It's not
how it goes. It's an interesting I feel
that way even like with the community
now, like with people signing up, which
like I've only ever done it as one-time
offers versus recurring. And so I'm very
interested to watch churn in the
community. Yeah. like the people that

[09:02]
community. Yeah. like the people that
that buy in, dude, they're going to be
there. They're hanging out. Like that's
awesome. But I feel like a lot of people
are going to get in there and realize,
dude, it's funny. It's like people on
Twitter, it's like I put a tweet out 3
years ago and like two weeks ago,
somebody hit me up was like, "Dude, I've
been working on this idea that you
tweeted about three years ago." And I
was like, "Dude, I don't even remember
that tweet. Like there's so much." And
it's like they've been working on it for
so long. And it's like, "Oh, dang, dude.
Like we just got to move faster."
And it's not that they just found it and
it's three years old. They've been
working on it for three years, right?
And it's like, dude, like we gotta It's
the whole It's the whole thesis for that
community is like literally called grow
faster for a reason. It's like guys, we
got like we got to go faster. Like we're
not going to sit here and build a
product for 12 like 12 weeks, 12 months.
It's like no, no, get it out in 12
hours, test the market, and like let's
make movement. Like that's the most
underrated. Like momentum is probably
the most underrated asset for

[10:01]
the most underrated asset for
entrepreneurs. Like if you feel it,
that's like you get that dopamine. Like
you just get into the rhythm of it and
it's like dude just chase momentum.
Everyone's out here trying to run
uphill. It's crazy. People don't
understand that sitting in front of
Netflix is addicting and momentum is
addicting%. So like pick your addiction
straight up. I just like addictions that
make me money, you know? Yes,
preferably. It's funny because I spoke
to a homechool class this morning just
as a favor about entrepreneurship and
they asked me like one of their
questions was like, "All right, throw
away all your advice. We just want your
one main piece of advice." Yeah. And it
was like, "Go get a sale. That's it."
Right. Straight up. No, nothing else
matters. Like you you can't have a
business without selling a product or
service. And you you have to do that
first for sure. Like I tweeted it a
while ago, but it's like leads are a
lifeblood. Like you have all these
people. It happened on one of the calls.

[11:01]
people. It happened on one of the calls.
We do daily calls and so one of the
calls came in and this guy was trying to
build some He's also he's an awesome
guy, but he's trying to build like a
like a Google Maps like improvement
optimization agency, which you and I
know well, right? And he's like, "So,
what's my offer?" Right? Like, should I
do an hour consultation? Should I do
like a software? Should I do whatever?
And I was like, "Bro, I don't know the
answer. You just should get on the phone
with like somebody that wants to like
whatever your offer is, improve your
Google map rankings. Get on the phone
with them and see what they will pay
for. They'll tell you what they'll pay
for." Like you don't have to sit here
and like be some genius. Like I tell the
story with uh unlimited content.
Basically all of our Facebook ads are
getting people on the phone that want
better results from SEO.
And this guy pops on and our normal
offer is content, right? 30 articles, 30
days, but he has 3,000 blogs on his
website. He doesn't need content. What
he does need is backlinks. And so, like

[12:01]
he does need is backlinks. And so, like
on the fly, I was like, "Well, we'll do
backlinks only for you. 500 bucks a
month. We'll manage all of it. You set
your budget. We'll do all the outreach.
We'll do all this stuff. 500 bucks a
month. Let's go." He goes, "Yeah, I'm
in." And it's like, dude, I didn't like
wake up three weeks ago saying, dude,
you know what would be an interesting
offer is backlinks only. It's like, no,
no, that guy just told me that that's
what he wanted. Yeah. So, like, cool.
Like, I can do that. Sweet. And so, it's
like, and now we sell it. And it's cuz
the market is literally asking for it.
And I think like that's the piece people
need to focus on. It's like have more
conversations with people that have
problems. They'll tell you what they'll
pay for. Dude, I just had lunch with a
friend who he starts trade schools and
part of what he does is the secret sauce
of recruiting people into the trade
schools. Let's say you you want to be
licensed in HVAC and he'll go into a
trade school that's already operating
and they're crushing it and their sales

[13:00]
and they're crushing it and their sales
calls are two to three minutes long and
they're like, "Here's what it costs.
Here's how long it lasts. Yay or nay?"
And he goes in there and he's he
implements his secret sauce. I'm like,
"What is that?" And he's like, "It's a
90-minute sales call." I'm like, "What's
so special about it?" He's like, "I only
ask them questions and I learn exactly
what they want and exactly what they
need and then I build the pitch around
everything they just told me and they're
80% more likely to buy." Another thing I
like to do, if you want to know what an
offer is, let's say you have a Google
business profile optimization agency, go
find five to 10 people in that niche
that's doing exactly what you're doing
or want to be doing and charging what
you want to be charging. Then you go to
the web archive, type in all their URLs,
and see how long they've been in
business. Okay? Then you want to look at
how their website has iterated over the
years and see what they're at today and
see where they started. And really,
that's kind of superfluous because you
just need to see where they're at today.
And assuming that you see on the
homepage that they're iterating, maybe
they put testimonials, maybe they were,

[14:00]
they put testimonials, maybe they were,
you know, a percentage of ad spend. It
wouldn't be the case in this, but let's
say it was, you know, a paperclick
agency. Whatever it is, you're going to
see that they iterated their way to
their final offer and their final offer
is their most optimized, most likely to
close. You just copy that. That's it.
Just copy it straight up. Yeah.
Literally, just copy and paste, dude.
That's literally the whole game. Like,
everyone else is out here doing the
market research for you. It's similar.
It's similar with like the Facebook ads
library. Like you don't need to like be
able to just come up with the best ad
creative ever. Like I just always go to
like, oh wait, these are our biggest
competitors. What are they running? Can
I just swap out what they're doing?
Right? It's like you just cut your
learning curve in half, you know? It's
like, yeah, all all like you don't have
to be a genius. You just have to know
where to look. Dude, speaking of the
Facebook ad library, I Okay, so you know
what rocking is? Yeah. like just putting
on heavy weights for those listening and

[15:01]
on heavy weights for those listening and
walking around. I talked about this a
week or two ago on the podcast, so I
won't go too into it, but I've been
rucking lately. Rucked this morning,
last Saturday. I love it. It's amazing.
Big ruck guy. Big ruck guy. And it's
great because I can chill in zone two. I
can burn fat. I'm building muscle. And I
can record shorts while I do it. Hell
yeah. Hell yeah. Because I'm not out of
breath, right? I took 37 shorts on a
two-hour walk on Saturday. Insane.
Anyway, wrecking. Like, I didn't know it
was blowing up because I was running
ultramarathons five years ago where they
they had a wrecking category, but it was
like so niche. It's still niche. Like, I
talked to three guys at church this last
Sunday, my age. None of them knew what
it was. So, still super early, right?
Yep. Anyway, backing up a couple weeks
ago, you and I talked about having a
digital course, using AI to create a
digital course, creating Facebook ads to
launch at that digital course, iterating
a bunch of different offers and and
price points, yada yada yada. So, here's

[16:00]
price points, yada yada yada. So, here's
a perfect example of that. I want you to
go to pathfinder rucktraining.com.
pathfinder
rucktraining.com. So, when I ran my
first marathon, I Googled marathon
training program and there's this guy
named Hal Hickden that has a bunch of
marathon training programs. I found one
for beginners. It was free. It was just
a blog article. They didn't even need my
email and I followed that to a tea and I
ran my first marathon. This company,
they're getting tens of thousands of
hits a month. And look at what they're
selling. They're selling training
programs and I bet you they're AI
generated and they're cost $150 to
$250 of like how to rock like how to put
on weights and walk around. Wait and
walk. Dude, I'm over here like Google
ruck vest on Amazon, buy it, put it on
and start walking. Like yeah, they
deserve to know. But like you you go
tell any person in the world this
business idea. Like that's stupid. No
one's going to pay $200 for a PDF on how

[17:00]
one's going to pay $200 for a PDF on how
to walk around with weights. You know
what? Actually, a lot of people will.
And they are. Bro, that was the feedback
I got on of in the DMs after our thing.
They were like, "No one's going to do
that." I was like, "Dude, I promise you.
I promise you they are." Like, there was
that I forget his name, but there was a
dude that did like half a million
dollars in sales on a mini course on how
to do a handstand. Yeah. And it's like
people just want their handheld to do. I
did it when I was in high school. So
video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salesbitch.
tkopod.com.
I was playing basketball and I wanted to
be able to dunk and so I would Google
how to do it and there was a program
called Dunk Now.
And then back then they they shipped you
like a poster. Oh wow. That had these

[18:01]
like a poster. Oh wow. That had these
like daily workouts and it was like dude
I think I spent like 150 bucks on it for
a poster. But I wasn't buying the
poster. I was buying dunking, right? And
it's like yeah that's what I I want the
shortcut to that and people will always
pay for that. And you know what? I bet
you that exact poster would still sell
today poster
a,000%. For 150 bucks because people
aren't buying the paper, they're buying
the result. And it's like you just have
to find I have a dude I have a long
Twitter thread on it. But like like
people are in point A to point A to
point B. People always want to buy the
shortcut forever and always. Like we'll
never change. I also will buy the
shortcut on a bunch of things. And so
it's like you just have to figure out a
big enough market of point A to point B,
right? And so like rucking is a good
one. It's starting to pick up. People
that want to do handstands, we talked
about on the last one, but like
cookbooks are like literally exactly

[19:02]
cookbooks are like literally exactly
that. Like point A to point B. You want
to be a better chef, sick. You don't
have to go try to make paella 18 times
to like perfect the recipe. just follow
this instructions that has now expanded
to like every single product category on
the internet and AI makes it take two
minutes to create something valuable.
May the best marketer win. I'm still
waiting for an AI generated influencer
to sell an app or a cookbook. Did you
see that Netflix documentary about that
that health influencer on Instagram that
was scammed everyone? I don't know. I
don't think so. She was out of
Australia. She her whole claim to fame
was she used whole foods to naturally
cure her cancer and she looked
incredibly healthy. She had like brain
cancer, then she had spleen cancer, then
and she was just putting this all out
there and like Oh, Lauren said something
about this. Yeah. And like 99.9% of
people believed her and like actual
doctors were like it doesn't you should

[20:00]
doctors were like it doesn't you should
be bald right now. Like what? Huh? You
just had chemo? Huh? And like but it
sold so well. She launched an app, one
of the first like health apps in the app
store because this was like early 2010s.
Apple promoted it because it did so
well. Tens of millions of dollars from
an app and then she released a physical
cookbook that like you couldn't find in
stores. It was always sold out and then
it came out that it was all a scam. She
was lying about everything. That's
insane. Do you think that these AI
generated influencers are going to like
keep
proliferating or do you think that Meta
is going to put the axe on it? Dude,
it's an interesting I can't decide. I c
I go back and forth. Yeah, it's tough. I
think they'll draw the line at like
impersonation, right? Like and I think
it's a hard line to define. That's for
sure. Yeah. What is too far? Mhm. And
then like are their systems going to be
sophisticated enough to even keep up is
the is the secondary question, right?

[21:01]
the is the secondary question, right?
Like say they want to do something about
it. Are they even technically capable of
making like a meaning meaningful stop to
that? Yeah, it's interesting as it gets
more and more
indistinguishable from like real cuz
right now you can tell. Yeah, we did. I
showed you a bunch of those Hey Gen
videos and it's like you can get pretty
close to it, but like you can still
tell. The odds are that they'll try to
stop it if they think that it's doing
negative impact to the platform, but
they're incentivized to just keep users
on platform. And so if AI generated
content has the most stickiness and the
best results, like uh did you see my
tweet this morning? My thread? No, bro.
You should peep that real quick.
So, I, as you know, and as you can
identify with at times, struggle with
prioritization and task management
across all of the different things that
we do. I've tried every single task

[22:01]
we do. I've tried every single task
management, project management tool
under the sun, and I hate them all. None
of them do exactly what I want them to
do. They get close, right? Like, I love
a Canban board. I love a due date,
right? Like all of that that
stuff. But none of them are like
customuilt for me the way that I want
it. I decided I was just going to build
my own custom task management software
using Lovable
clearly and I literally just ran in two
hours built out like actually a perfect
task management system for myself. I've
been using it all day and it's A1. Let's
do a little visual for the for the
YouTubers. I gotta see this before you
show me. I'm just gonna show you where
I'm at. Yeah, I can't I can't do it. I
can't do any of the task man. I can't do
a sauna, Trello, Pipe Drive. I feel you.
Google Docs, Google Sheets, Apple Notes,

[23:01]
Google Docs, Google Sheets, Apple Notes,
Apple reminders app, and my unread
emails and opened Chrome tabs. That's my
task management system. That's awesome.
Yeah. Yeah. Your ADHD loves you for
that, dude. I'm 38 years old. I can't sw
I'm a boomer in the internet. I can't
switch at this point. No, I'm with it.
Mine was really easy when it was just
one thing. Like when it was like
primarily just quicker, it was easy cuz
And that's like you get the team
involved and like everyone's on there. I
wanted one that was just my own. There's
no any of that. It's literally just like
here's my running list. Let me show you
this, John. Dude, I give the full the
full like walkthrough of it on Twitter
of like some of the screenshots of like
how I actually prompted this thing,
okay? But it's super simple, dude. And
so
I can't believe this is possible, dude.
So crazy. Actually insane. And so
there's nuance like it follows a very

[24:01]
there's nuance like it follows a very
similar canban board
model, right? Like everyone's kind of
seen like explain to all the idiots out
there because I know what canban is. I
mean obviously but other people don't.
So tell them, right? Duh.
Yeah. Basically it's like the ability to
move into like the columns of like
progress, right? And so like the Q
versus today just
like very similar to like a CRM of like
deal status. And so like I I like that
the most from a visualization. I wish it
was called Cananban. I like it too.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's okay. Well,
we just let all the idiots know, so no
one's no one's going to be Yeah. But
yeah, so basically I was like, how do I
make this like the most simple and
effective thing humanly possible? Title,
which is like send Chris wedding
invite, right? Quick notes. Like I don't
take super like I'm just a doer. I just
need like I just need a reference,

[25:02]
need like I just need a reference,
right? And so it's like where do I need
to go, right? You're not going to read
all those details anyway. No, like I
know I know what's good. This is like
just to help keep me on track. Estimated
time priority level. High priority,
dude. We need to be able to do this.
Which tag, which for me is companies,
right? Like what are we doing? And then
the due date. Create the task. So then
it shows up and I did I did some little
tricky stuff, dude. All right. So it has
estimated time. That's one to complete
this. Yeah. Estimated time to complete
is like, "All right, cool." Which
matters when I start to build out my day
because it updates with how much like
focus time I need for the day to get my
list done, right? And so this little
sidebar is based on the priority. So
like red
is high priority, orange is mid, yellow
is low. Mhm. The time, the due date, if

[26:02]
is low. Mhm. The time, the due date, if
it's if it's beyond 3 days
away, it's green. And if it's today,
it's blue. And if it's past due, it's
red. And so, like, on a quick glance, I
can be like, "Oh, I have three high
priority things that I have to do in the
next three days." Boom. Easy. And then
the tag just so I know where I'm going
with whatever the company is. Then the
long tail of this is this little timer,
dude.
So, I start the task and it
automatically just starts counting how
much time I'm actually spending on it.
Full pomodoro in here, dude. It's
insane. And so, then I'm knocking it
out. And what'll end up happening at a
at a later version of this because it's
collecting all this data on me, right?
Like what I'm spending my time on. Then
it's like, all right, I did this. Cool.
I'd be able to go and see exactly which
companies Oh, that's so good. I'm
spending the time on. And then I'm gonna
add in like when I hit the check mark,

[27:02]
add in like when I hit the check mark,
I'm gonna add in a prompt that goes
like, could I have delegated this? Did
this take longer than it should have?
Right? Like now I can start to like
build an actual OS on my time spend for
like for me like the deep work, the
creative work that like only I can kind
of do. And so it's like over, you know,
as you can see, I've loaded up 11 tasks
with 10 hours of work to do this week.
Be like, "Oh, I spent 72% of that time
on unlimited." And and then you get you
get, dude, I'm like, I'm going to plug
in Google Calendar so that I can have
all my meetings so I get full time
there. And the piece that I really want
to do is plug in like Stripe to be like,
what is my actual revenue per hour?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On each company that
I'm working on. Yeah. Kind of I mean,
like I said in my Twitter thread, like
kind of a nod to um Rob Deick, like he

[28:01]
kind of a nod to um Rob Deick, like he
does that like super intense and I was
like, "All right, like I'll just do a
quick version of that." But yeah, dude,
it's super smooth. And waiting is like
if I'm waiting on somebody else. So,
it's like, hey, I need testimonials from
Emma for the VSSL script for whatever,
right? Like, then I have that all
sitting there and waiting. But now, I
can just go in, look at this queue, like
tonight I'll do it. I'll look at my
calendar for tomorrow. I'll be like,
"All right, I have a 30 minute block
here, a 60-minute block here, two hours
here. All right, that's four hours of
work or whatever it is. Let me just go
build up." All right, bet. Like, that's
two hours.
That's three hours. Sick. Like now I can
I get it all done and I'm just going to
brain dump continuously on the left.
It'd be interesting if you had a feature
where you could like beat your time
estimate on all these tasks and you
could like stack time, right? That's
going to be So like I want to do
standard deviation. So like set time.

[29:00]
standard deviation. So like set time.
How far like on average does it normally
go shorter or longer? Right? Like what's
the standard deviation of the time span?
I've noticed it. I've done four tasks
today off of the system. Three of them
came in about 30% less time than I had
estimated. One of them took about 30%
more. Oh man. Yeah. Which is interesting
cuz like the one that took a long time
was the long one was the hour task. But
I also kind of
like it got the task got a little bit
bigger as I got into it and I just
didn't adjust it. So like it was a go
highle automation flow which then like
turned into three flows that I did that
all serve the same purpose but it was
all under one task. And so like I'm just
not there's like little nuances like
that that like for me I'm not going to
sit there and be like oh I these are
actually three tasks let me go add them
as tasks. Like I don't care like that.

[30:00]
as tasks. Like I don't care like that.
like I'm just trying to track and and
keep moving on stuff. And so the point
of it being like you can go build your
own custom software for something like
that. It literally took me two hours. I
was just sitting in my backyard like
messing around, you know. Do you think
it helps you be more productive knowing
that the timer is running? Cuz I've
never worked with a timer, but I've I've
heard good things. This is my first
time. Also, for me, to be honest, like
I'm not really worried about the timer
from a productivity perspective. I find
myself waking up in the morning or or
not even waking up in the morning, but
like getting off of a phone call and
then having an hour before my next phone
call. Like four or five times a week,
I'll just end up on Twitter for an hour.
Yeah. You just blow it instead of Yeah.
Like I just blow the hour. The most
normal thing ever, right? And then I sit
there and I'm like, what am I what
should I be spending my time on? And
there's like multiple companies,
multiple products, multiple like there's
just a bunch of stuff that's like I want

[31:01]
just a bunch of stuff that's like I want
to do, need to do, or fires that get put
out, need to get put out. And so I was
like, I think I just need like the most
rudimentary tracking system that has
zero external inputs. It's just me.
There's no Zap integration, like
nothing. I define the list of things. I
then manage that list in that time. And
like I had a call an hour before we
popped on. I could have blew that time
on Twitter, which I probably would have,
but then I saw it and I was like, "Oh, I
have a 60-minute task that's like a
medium priority that's due next week. I
might as well just knock that out." And
now that's like off my plate. And so
it's like that piece of it to me is just
like I just want the trigger to be like,
"Let's go, like, keep moving, keep
working." It changes the dynamic of
those open time slots because it it
quantifies that hour gap you have. I'd
be like, "Dude, I could at least knock
out two of these 15minute tasks, right?"
Straight up. So, like, how how can I try
this for myself? I have no idea. I So,
when I was So, when I was building it,

[32:00]
when I was So, when I was building it,
So, when I was building it, I was doing
everything I could to resist the
temptation of making this a product to
sell. I know. I know. Like, I was like,
"Dude, no, no, no. I launching a
productivity sass right now. I can't
make a lot of sourdough without wanting
to start a billion dollar business. It's
a building. Yes. Yes. Mental varietal.
Well, I'm going to try to build
something like this. I think I can. I
think I
can. So, you could you could The only
thing that I don't know how to do or I
haven't tried is I hardcoded the company
tags. So, it's not like I didn't like go
in there and like set my tags on the
user account level.
It was like I set the tags globally and
so like do you have a lovable account?
Yeah. I wonder if I can like just share
this with you and you can literally tell
it to just like change. Is that like a
thing? Can you like just share? I know

[33:01]
thing? Can you like just share? I know
you can in Replet. Anyway, I'm going to
try to build something like this cuz I'm
inspired by this and I want to learn
lovable better anyway. Just go read my
Twitter thread. Like it literally I walk
through it pretty well. You know me, I
don't know how to code. But I'm just out
here telling it, nah, actually I don't
like where that is. Put it on the left
and it's like, all right, cool. But
yeah, dude, it's honestly, it took me
two hours. What did it teach you from a
broad perspective about, you know, vibe
coding? It honestly re cemented things
that I know, which like when you think
about any technology, there's really
like three components. There's the data,
like what exists in the back end.
There's the front end which is the
display of that data and then there's
the middle which is like the
manipulation of that data. And so like
when you're vibe coding you have to like
remember what those three things are and
being like oh right like I set up this
database to interact with this sort of
front end. And so like when I was

[34:00]
front end. And so like when I was
prompting it on the data types that I
wanted on like a per task level right
which was like name description due date
priority etc. knowing where that was
going to land on the user experience
side like to bridge that gap, right? And
so it's like I think a lot of people
when they're going through that it's
really easy to start with the user
experience because you know how you want
it to like look and function but like
keeping the data part of it in mind of
like oh right like for me to be able to
have this number this data like the
estimated time like for me to have the
estimated time aggregate that means that
the data needs to be structured
numerically so that it can actually
create a sum and so there's like
intricacies like that that people need
to pay attention
But the nice part is like lovable is
pretty intuitive and it'll do a lot of
that for you. You don't have to like I
see all these guys and even like lovable
documents like in their like educational
resources they're like hit us with I

[35:01]
resources they're like hit us with I
forget what they call it but it's like
it's high quality prompts like here's
the perfect prompt layout and it's like
you're like giving it code to prompt.
Yeah. You listen like, "Dude, I'm like,
no, no, no. I want this button to be
yellow when it's this and just like let
it do its thing." And anytime Lovable
says there's an error, I just click F,
which is fix. I go, it'll figure it out.
I don't know. Hey, fix it, please. And
don't be scared to restore previous
versions. Like if it did something
wrong, if it messed it up, restore it
back. Because like what you don't want
it to do is like do something wrong and
then be trying to fix what it did wrong
when you could just have it like rebuild
it with a little bit of a smarter
prompt. And so it's like if it doesn't
hit it the first time, instead of trying
to like countlessly edit a single
feature, just restart and try to
redefine that feature a little bit
better. All right, we're going to have

[36:00]
better. All right, we're going to have
Sam on again. He's a regular. Share with
a friend and we'll see you next time on
the Kerner