[00:00]
went to Stockholm, Sweden in 2018 when I
got my MBA at TCU. We visited some
companies and my wife was there and it
was awesome. And one of the sightseeing
things we did was we went to the Vasa
Museum. And you know, I am way too ADHD
for some museums, but this is hands down
the best museum I've ever been to in my
life. So, I'll paint the picture for
you. The Vasa Vasa was a Swedish warship
from the 1600s. And I want you to think
of like the Titanic before the Titanic.
This was the biggest, the best, the most
awesome warship that had ever been
built. It had 64 bronze cannons, 32 on
each side, two rows of 16 on each side,
which is very critical to the story. And
it looked awesome. And this museum in
Sweden has this entire ship that you can
look at and touch. And it's not really
recreation of the ship. It's the exact
ship. And it was perfectly preserved. So
on August 10th, 1628, the Vasa set sail
on her maiden voyage. Now, let me tell
you, no expense was spared on this ship,

[01:01]
you, no expense was spared on this ship,
but the builders were warned that this
thing might be a little topheavy, but
they crunched their numbers as much as
they could back in the 1600s and really
thought it would be okay. So for its
maiden voyage, it was just going to go
out in the harbor in Stockholm and just
kind of sail around and everyone would
wave from the shoreline and it was just
like this big parade if you will.
Anyway, so it went about half a mile
out. It was a nice day, slight breeze.
It caught a gust of wind and here's what
happened. If you're watching on YouTube,
I'll put some pictures of the Vasa up.
The sails caught some air. The Vasa
tipped over to the side and then it
tipped back the other way and then it
tipped back a little further and they
had the port holes open for the cannons
because they wanted to show them off. It
looked awesome, but these port holes
started filling up with water and not
because they were too low, but because
there wasn't enough ballast. And what a
ballast does is prevents a boat from
tipping over. It's weight they purposely
add to the bottom of the boat to keep it

[02:00]
add to the bottom of the boat to keep it
more stable. So boats with more ballast
are more stable, but they're also
slower. And that's just the trade-off
you make. Well, they didn't want to be
slow. So, this boat didn't have very
much ballast and it was topheavy. And
so, even though it wasn't even a windy
day, this thing started filling up with
water and sunk right there in front of
everyone as they were waving them out to
sea. 30 people died. And it sat at the
bottom of the ocean in that harbor for
333 years. But because these cold Baltic
waters had a really low salt level, that
means no shipworms could survive. And it
was cold water. And the boat was also
sitting in like the mud and silt on the
seabed which also preserved it. And so
all the stars aligned to ensure that
this boat did not rock. It just sat
there for 333 years until finally and
this was covered in the museum as well.
Some divers used this crazy equipment
which was very modern for the time and
they pulled the whole boat up and then
they built the museum right next to
where it sank and built the museum

[03:00]
where it sank and built the museum
around the boat. It's been in that
museum for over 60 years now, and it's
one of the best preserved ships from the
1600s in the world. So, what can you
learn from the Vasa? Well, at first it
made me think of social media, how we're
so concerned on our outer appearance and
how we portray ourselves to the world
that we're not even worried about our
foundation or our core, what's inside,
our roots. But that's not really a
business principle. So, when I think
about business, I think of Nickeola
Motors, how they were trying to build
these electric cars and trucks, and they
released this demo video of their
electric truck driving, quote, "Driving,
but it was really just rolling down a
hill, and the camera was angled so you
couldn't tell it was on a hill. Then
they defrauded investors and the founder
went to prison and he actually just got
pardoned last week." I think of a resume
that comes across my desk and it's full
of fluff, lots of pretty words, but
there's really no meat, no substance
behind it. I have no idea what that
person actually did to add value at
their previous companies. I think of a
startup that has 20, 30, 50 employees,
but no revenue. A startup that's raised
millions of dollars, but they have

[04:01]
millions of dollars, but they have
nothing to show for it. So, how can you
use this analogy in your business or
future business? You got to get sales.
Sales solves everything. I have said
that phrase so many times over the last
15 years. You start with sales and you
end with sales. That is the foundation.
So, here's how this works. I make you
free videos. I actually know what I'm
talking about. I have no greasy sales
pitch at the end. And if you implement
what I talk about, you'll make a lot
more money and have a better life. And
all I ask for in return is that you hit
the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank
you. And sales are scary. You got to go
talk to people. You got to be
uncomfortable. You got to put yourself
in awkward situations. You have to
follow up to the point of annoyance. But
the harder way is the better way. The
harder way is the better way. That leads
me into my second analogy. Two analogies
in one. Okay. So, a few years ago, I
took my oldest son to Six Flags on just
a a date. And I'm kind of cheap. Six
Flags is like 80 bucks for unlimited
passes that last 16 months. Very, very
cheap. And you get what you pay for. But

[05:00]
cheap. And you get what you pay for. But
if you go to Six Flags, they also have
like a carnival section where you can
pay extra money to do your typical Carne
games, throw darts at balloons, shoot
baskets, etc. So, my oldest was like,
"Hey, Dad." He saw a uh a Dallas
Mavericks basketball that you could win
if you made like I think you had to make
three free throws. It was actually a
pretty straightforward game, but I am
terrible at basketball. And so I was
feeling generous. I was in a good mood.
And he knows I don't usually spend money
once I get into the park, but I thought,
you know what? Let's do it. Let's date.
So I don't remember what it was, but I
think it was like $5 for three balls or
something like that. And you had to make
three, but you could keep paying $5 to
get three more. So, I I put down five
bucks, shot three, missed all three.
Okay, five more bucks, shot three,
missed all three. I'm I'm really really
bad at basketball. Five more bucks, made
one. yada yada yada. I ended up spending
$45 to make three baskets, okay? And
this was it wasn't even a free throw. It
was like shorter than a free throw. I'm

[06:01]
was like shorter than a free throw. I'm
just really really bad at basketball.
And so the whole time I'm doing this, my
oldest is just watching me and like he
like feels bad. He feels nervous. He
like he was probably embarrassed to a
degree, but his eyes just get bigger and
bigger. Like, dad, you you don't have to
keep doing this, dude. You don't have to
keep giving him five bucks. It's cool.
I'm fine. I don't need the basketball.
But I was being prideful and I wanted
that basketball for him. And once you
make one, you got to keep paying. And
then once you make two, you really have
to keep paying. It could have been like
six baskets or four, I don't remember.
But my shooting percentage was literally
like low double digits. It was like 10
to 20%. It was bad. And so I won the
basketball. Cost 45 bucks. He loved it.
We walked around with it. Went home. A
week later I took
my second youngest child, my second
youngest son back to Six Flags. And I
wasn't as generous that day. I didn't
want to play basketball. Okay. But as
luck would have it, we were walking
around and there was this pond. And in

[07:01]
around and there was this pond. And in
the pond there was a basketball floating
that someone had likely won and then
played with and then it got out of hand
and and fell in the pond and was out of
reach. Well, not out of reach for us cuz
I want a free basketball and Brady did
too. So, we find this long piece of
bamboo. I picked up Brady. I put him
over the fence. We fished out the
basketball with the bamboo. It kind of
had some like moss growing underneath
it. You could tell it had been sitting
in the water for a while, but we bounced
it around. who took it home, aired it
up, and it was great. Now, we had two
basketballs, but something very
interesting happened over the next few
weeks and months. Now, both of these
boys are about the same when it comes to
how well they treat their things. Okay?
But my oldest with the $45 basketball,
he kept it in his room. He wouldn't
leave it outside. He washed it after he
played with it. He put it on the shelf.
He would only pull it out every now and
then. And my younger son with the other
basketball, he did what my boys normally
do with basketballs. He left it in the
yard. He left it in the driveway. We

[08:00]
yard. He left it in the driveway. We
backed over on our van. It rolled into
the neighbor's yard. It stayed there for
a month. It was just like any other
stupid yard toy. It got no love. And I
observed this and I thought, "That which
is easily gained is easily lost. The
harder way is usually the better way."
And of course it is. My oldest son
valued that basketball because a memory
was tied to it. Money was tied to it.
Because dad reaching into his
pocketbook, which he never does, was
tied to it. And so when it comes to
doing those foundational things to build
or grow a business, that which is easily
gained is easily lost. If you find a
growth hack, and I love growth hacks,
all right? I talk about growth hacks all
the time. If you find a growth hack or a
shortcut to getting more newsletter
subscribers or more sales or more
followers or whatever, just know that
the efficacy of that growth hack is
directly correlated to the lifespan of
that growth hack. If it's super
effective and you feel like it's a cheat
code and you don't know how you're able
to do this, then just know your days are

[09:00]
to do this, then just know your days are
numbered. Whereas, if it's like pretty
good, you got an edge, you found an
advantage, then it's probably going to
be around for a lot longer. But doing
those unsexy things, knocking doors,
cold calls, cold emails. It's funny
because this principle exists even in
cold emailing. If you use automation
software to send cold emails without
your interaction, I don't know why.
Maybe it's because of deliverability or
MX records or whatever, but it's not as
effective as literally just typing out
cold emails to people by hand. It's as
if the universe knows that it didn't
take us very much work to send that
email. Okay, story number three. And
this is two stories in one as well. So,
a few years ago, we had a treadmill in
our bedroom, and it was pretty crappy. I
got it on Craigslist. It was about 200
bucks, and I got sick of running on
treadmills, but my wife would use it all
the time. She would run on that thing
all the time. And her mile time on the
treadmill was not great compared to her
mile time outside. And usually your mile
time on the treadmill is going to be
better than anything you do outside

[10:00]
better than anything you do outside
because, you know, you've got perfect
conditions, there's no hills, you can
control the environment better. So, I
thought that was really weird. And then
sure enough, I hopped on the treadmill
and she had been on it for months, like
6, 8 months. I hopped on the treadmill
and it just seemed kind of harder and my
mile time wasn't as fast. So, I started
looking into it and I Googled it and
looked up the manual and there was a
manual switch, like a lever on the
bottom of the treadmill that added
incline. And it had always been on. It
had always been at an incline and we
just didn't notice it. And so, once I
turned that off and we got back on, it
was the normal treadmill. and our mile
time increased. And it was just like,
"Oh my gosh, I've been on this treadmill
the wrong way for hundreds of miles,
thousands of miles maybe." And all it
took was just a little digging,
literally just flipping a switch. And so
then it's like, okay, couple analogies
going on here. Number one, my wife's
legs were freaking jacked. They were way
stronger than they would have been
otherwise cuz she was always running at
an incline and she was in a disadvantage
when she went outside. Okay. Number two,

[11:02]
when she went outside. Okay. Number two,
sometimes all it takes is one little
test, one little switch, one more AB
test, one more cold email that could
change everything. What would happen to
your loaf of bread if you didn't put
that tablespoon of yeast in there? It
wouldn't rise. It'd be a rock, be
flatbread. Tablespoon of yeast accounts
for 2% of the weight of those
ingredients, but the whole loaf is lost
without it. So, on one hand, you don't
want to optimize something to death. You
can, it is very easy to overoptimize
anything. Let's talk about Facebook ad
campaigns. You get a Facebook ad. Let's
say you need it to to convert at dollar
per user and you get it to 94 cents and
you're winning and it's stable and
consistent. Cool. Well, what if I tried
this market? Oh, what if I tried putting
the ads in Spanish? What if I change
this pixel? What if I change the color
of the button from blue to magenta? And
you keep overanalyzing, over optimizing.
Next thing you know, you're at a $130
per user and you don't even know how to
get it back down to 94. You try

[12:00]
get it back down to 94. You try
recreating what you had before and you
can't. You overoptimized it to death.
That can happen in any principle in
business. So that's on one side of the
spectrum. Then on the other side of the
spectrum, you find something that works
and it works well so you never even
think to look at it again. For instance,
in my newsletter, all of my subject
lines are newsletter
#00000000 and then the number 7677,
whatever week of the newsletter it is. I
did that kind of a joke on addition
number one. But my open rate was
awesome. And then I just kept doing it.
And then I AB tested it like a couple
weeks later against a normal subject
line and my open rate was still better
on just the boring generic one. And so
to this day, I do that, but I haven't
tested it in over a year. that might not
be the same because the last time I
tested it, I had 1500 subscribers and
today I have almost 100 times as many.
So sometimes on the other end of the
spectrum, something is working and it's
working well and we don't even think
about it anymore. We move on with our
lives. And if we were to revisit that

[13:01]
lives. And if we were to revisit that
thing, the pixel, the email, the offer,
the sales tactic, whatever it is, we
could find one little tweak that would
change everything, right? It's kind of
like the my white whale theory or the
permissionless marketing theory. That
one little thing that could just change
everything. We have a software business
called Voltera and we help skilled
nursing facilities save money on their
medical billing and we've got a handful
of customers and it's growing. It's
doing great. But we're on the precipice
of signing a customer that has 150
locations. And it's taking just as much
work, if not less, to sign that customer
than it's taken to sign our customers
with single locations. And it will
literally 10x the size of our business
without hardly any additional overhead.
That's just incredible. Now, I wish you
could just go fishing for only the
whales all the time, but you you just
can't. There are power laws at play. So
find your place on that spectrum between
analysis paralysis, overoptimizing

[14:01]
analysis paralysis, overoptimizing
everything to death, and done is better
than perfect because good can be the
enemy of great. I've put out about 600
short form videos over the last year,
and 90% of my followers have come from
2% of those. Sam and I mentioned this on
a recent podcast, but the 8020 rule is a
myth. It's more like the 964 rule. So
take 8020 and then multiply those by
8020 and you got 964. So find the four.
So a few years ago I went mountain
biking for the first time actually. I
say a few it was probably 10 years ago
and it was in Wyoming with my
father-in-law and my brother-in-law and
I was having a blast. I'd never been
mountain biking before and the trail was
a little treacherous. There were trees
right up against it and at times you had
to get off the bike and walk. And my
brother-in-law Justin told me something
that just stuck with me. I thought about
it for the rest of the ride. He's like,
"Now Chris, as you're barreling down a
downhill, you're going to see trees
really close to the trail and it's going

[15:00]
really close to the trail and it's going
to freak you out. And if you look at the
tree, you're going to hit the tree. Just
Chris, if you look at the tree, you're
going to hit the tree." Okay? The trail
is clear. Trust the trail. Look down at
the trail. Just like you're playing
baseball. keep your eyes on the ball.
Look at your front wheel. Look at the
trail and you'll be okay because you
ride where you look. And I was just
like, you ride where you look. Holy
crap. We can't take an action, a
physical action without thinking of it
first. Now, not everything we think
about will end up doing, but that which
we focus on and think about in the
direction that we look towards at any
given time or on a recurring basis,
that's where we're going to go. So if
you want to look at things
pessimistically, then you're going to
find that you're going to find the
negative things and you're going to
become that. You can look at things
optimistically and bad things will still
happen. But if you're not focusing on
them, then they won't have as much
weight or leverage in your life. Focus
on the little coincidences, the cool
little coincidences, blessings, whatever

[16:00]
little coincidences, blessings, whatever
you want to call them. Exaggerate those.
Overemphasize those. Even if it seems
silly, and you're going to find so many
more of those things. And I don't care
if it's a self-fulfilling prophecy or
some mental hack or confirmation bias
because you can easily ride it off at
those as those things, but it's real.
It's very real. Delusion can be a
superpower. A couple more ways to look
at some of these stories that I just
talked about with the treadmill analogy.
A lot of times in your business or in
your life, you have a hidden drag. You
have a website that doesn't load very
quickly, and you wouldn't know cuz
you're not going to your own website. A
few milliseconds, especially on an
e-commerce site, can increase your sales
by double digits. There might be a
silent drag on your company. Culture of
your company is often the temperament or
personality of your most toxic employee.
Everything will fall to that lowest
common denominator. And when it comes to
that which is easily gained, is easily
lost. There's no better example than
when collecting email addresses. You're
going to be very tempted to remove as
much friction as possible to acquire

[17:01]
much friction as possible to acquire
more email addresses, but that friction
is directly correlated to the loyalty of
that subscriber. The higher your
conversion rate on your landing page,
the higher your unsubscribe rate will
be. Now, that doesn't mean we want our
subscribers to jump through a dozen
hoops so they're extra loyal and they
always open. It's also a spectrum. You
have to find that happy medium. And my
last analogy, which you may have seen on
Twitter a year or so ago, which is one
of my favorites, I spent six years
volunteering at the Dallas Temple for my
religion, my church, and it was every
Friday morning I would go and help out
and it was awesome. Now, one day I walk
into the temple and I I posted this on
Twitter. It got a couple hundred
thousand views and a lot of people
didn't believe me. They thought I just
made this up. I don't know if that was
because I I took an image from Google
images for to like portray the story I'm
about to tell you or because it just
sounded too good, but this is a 1,00%
real story. And no, I didn't take a
picture of it because you don't take
pictures in the temple. That's not
allowed. Anyway, I walked into the

[18:00]
allowed. Anyway, I walked into the
temple and there's white carpet
everywhere. And someone had walked into
the temple with muddy shoes or boots.
And they had walked all the way from the
front to the back of the temple, maybe
40, 50 yards, just tracking mud
everywhere on this perfectly pristine
white carpet. And I remember coming
around the corner and seeing it and just
literally stopping in my tracks, eyes
wide, thinking like my first thought was
just like, "Who did this?" Like, "What
were you thinking?" That was my first
thought. I'm almost ashamed to admit I
just thought it was careless and
reckless of whoever was wearing those
shoes. And I didn't know the backstory,
but I had never seen really any blemish
on that carpet. And to go from that to
this was quite the shock. And so within
a few seconds of me having that thought,
one of my co-workers or co- volunteers
got a big bucket with a big scrubber
brush and got on their hands and knees
in their own white clothing and started
scrubbing this up. Little by little,
scrub, scrub, scrub. And it took hours.

[19:02]
scrub, scrub, scrub. And it took hours.
And then others joined in and they
helped. And then someone else went and
got a backup key because when you go to
the temple, you usually change clothes.
And you leave your clothes in the locker
and your shoes. And so someone went and
got a backup key. They found the locker
of this gentleman, went in there, got
his shoes, cleaned them off so it
wouldn't happen again on the way out,
put them back in the locker. The
gentleman never even knew this happened.
He didn't know anyone was in his locker,
I presume. We didn't tell him. And after
a couple hours, the carpet was as good
as new. It was white. And I thought
about that for about the rest of the
morning. And I thought, "Wow, what a
beautiful analogy." And this isn't about
business as much as it is about life. We
have about 85 years on this earth. And
hopefully we leave this earth a net
positive on the world. This earth and
the people around us are all better off
because of our presence here. But I wish
I could count. I wish I had some level
of knowledge of all those people in my

[20:01]
of knowledge of all those people in my
life that have scrubbed up my muddy
footprints and cleaned up my messes that
I never even knew about. Because
sometimes that happens and I find out
about these people and I feel very
indebted or grateful to them and I try
to thank them or pay them back if at all
possible. But I would bet that most of
the time when people do kind things for
us, we never know about it. We just
don't know. And so the business lesson
here is be the person that scrubs, not
the person that complains. Don't be me
in this example. And the other lesson is
be grateful. Be grateful because good
things are happening all around you that
you don't even recognize. And there's a
direct correlation between gratefulness
and happiness. It's very hard to be
grateful and unhappy at the same time.
Hope you like this episode style. Have a
great week and we'll see you next time
on the Kerner