[00:00]
These businesses are sitting on hundreds
of thousands of emails. They're sitting
on a gold mine. I think it's a huge
opportunity. That's like mid7 figure
business just if you converted those
emails to a daily newsletter. The things
that interest me the most right now,
these operators who are building
newsletters on the side, smaller
capacity yet are bringing in more
revenue than newsletters 10x their size.
Where do you see local newsletters
heading? Every time I logged on Twitter
or X, there was like 10 new local
newsletters like popping up all having
like crazy success and like blew my
mind. So very bullish on local
newsletters. What tips would you give
people to start their first newsletter?
Yeah.
[Music]
So, okay. If you've ever wanted to know
how to better monetize your email list
or how to better monetize someone else's
email list, if you don't have one for
yourself, maybe you want to start a
local newsletter from scratch or any
newsletter for any topic from scratch.
This is the podcast for you. Today with
Tyler, we talked about local
newsletters, interesting newsletter
concepts, newsletter trends, how to grow
a newsletter, referral program, how to

[01:00]
a newsletter, referral program, how to
start from scratch, because most of you
will be starting from scratch with a
newsletter, how to use paid ads, how to
use a referral program, co-registration,
yada yada yada. You're going to love it.
Newsletters are super hot right now.
They're going to be hot in 10 years.
This isn't going anywhere. If you want
to use Beehive, this is not a promotion.
And I was not paid to do this episode,
but it would be appreciated if you used
my affiliate link, and you'll get 20%
off for your first 3 months with my link
only, and I'll get a little kickback as
well. You'll find that in the show
notes. Please share with a friend and
enjoy. I'm just so fascinated at what
you're seeing from the inside that seems
to be really creative, unique,
successful that people might be
surprised about. Yeah. The things that
interest me the most right now are kind
of like against what everyone looks at
in the newsletter ecosystem. So everyone
looks at like Morning Brew, Axio, The
Skim, The Hustle, like scale is what
they went for. And scale is awesome. I
think having a large distribution list
and influence to over that many people
is like really interesting, but it's
hard and it requires some money. It

[02:00]
hard and it requires some money. It
requires a lot of strategy. I think I'm
really interested by these operators who
are building newsletters kind of on the
side or doing it in a smaller capacity.
they call it 10, 15, 20,000 subscribers
yet are bringing in more revenue than
newsletters 10x their size. And so like
niching down on a specific customer
profile and niching down on like the
value and the ways that you can monetize
an audience has been really interesting
to see. And so to give you an example, I
love Creator Spotlight. They're like
it's one of our newsletters that we send
to 400,000 people and they feature
creators of like all different sizes.
and they featured one two weeks ago for
called design buddies. It's like a
design community. I think there's maybe
10 to 15,000 people in this community.
And rather than just doing paid
subscriptions and advertisements, which
they do advertisements, they do these
design cohorts four times a year where
like they already have like, you know,
15,000 people that are interested in
design and they host these cohorts, call

[03:00]
design and they host these cohorts, call
it like a two-eek cohort, and they make
six figure revenue just from being able
to tap into like events. And then they
also do recruiting, right? So all of the
companies that exist who want amazing
design talent, like you could do job
boards, you can reach out on social, or
you could just go to this newsletter
community that has 15,000 designers that
have already been vetted and they're
like very high intent and charge a
company like whoever, you know, 20
$30,000 placement fee to find the
designer for them to me was like very
interesting of thinking outside the box
of how to leverage the audience that you
have to extract revenue. He was curious
how he can monetize his like 100,000
subscriber YouTube channel. And like me
being I'm like, "Oh, just do throw some
ads on it. Maybe do some like brand new
placements, like whatever." And someone
consulted him to host like a surf school
twice a year with like 50 people. It was
like in person. Yeah. In person. $5,000
like high ticket item. But he knows that
he has an audience of 100,000
subscribers who are going to him to
watch surf content. it started printing
like

[04:00]
like
$250$500,000 a year off of just like
hosting like these two surf events. So I
actually think the content like top of
funnel to like IRL event like very high
ticket especially because most people
who follow content kind of like you like
they they see your face they hear your
voice over and over again like you build
that brand affinity that trust over time
and so like I actually think it's easier
to sell a high ticket item as like a
trusted voice that people go to over and
over again listening. So yeah, I don't
know. I thought that was like super
smart. I thought like the design cohorts
was like a really interesting like
newsletter to IRL event. I was like
that's really creative. Well, one
framework I like that that reminds me of
is um with any audience like 1% of
people and this is just a totally madeup
number. Only 1% of people will buy your
thing or click your ad or whatever,
right? So on one hand it's like all
right, you got to pick that one thing.
You got to pick the highest and best use
of your audience. Maybe it's a $5,000
surf school. But on the other hand, it's
like, okay, if you find a hundred
different things, then theoretically

[05:00]
different things, then theoretically
everyone in your audience will have need
for something from you. Maybe 1% are
clicking ads, 1% are going to a surf
school, 1% are joining a paid community,
1% are attending your events, 1% are
renting a bathroom for their wedding,
you know, like 100 different ways to
monetize and then some. Or if you like
really know have like a strangle hold on
exactly who your audience is, ideally
it's 100% are interested in anything
that you're kind of interested in. there
is like a laundry list of things, but
like maybe it starts as a surf school,
but then it's like going vertical like
selling surf boards and then it's like,
you know, other types of content. It all
starts with having an audience and I
think you just have to be savvy and once
you have the audience, there's so many
different things to do. I mean, if we're
just going to use paid ads to acquire 10
to 15,000 targeted subs. Now, these are
like designers. It's not just like
Facebook, but what are we talking like
$2 to$3 a subscriber conservatively to
find those subscribers? When I was at
Morning Brew, I ran a lot of the paid
acquisition and I think it was much
cheaper then. If done well, you could
probably get a subscriber for 50 cents
to like a$150. I think you still can

[06:01]
to like a$150. I think you still can
today. I'm just thinking of like
designers specifically. Yeah. I mean,
you can acquire probably someone who's
loosely interested in design located in
the US for pro call it $2 to $4 an
email. So4 to $50,000 to stand up a list
that big. And we're just looking at a
spreadsheet. There's a lot more to it.
You you've got to know how to write.
You've got to have a good personality.
They've got to be engaging emails.
You've got to have some skills. But $40
to $50,000 to stand up a business doing
six figures a year through four events a
year and placement fees of 20 to $50,000
or or you know, 10 to 30% of first year
salary, right? I mean, I'd even go one
step further and say you don't even need
the $40 $50,000 to stand it up. So,
here's how this works. I make you free
videos. I actually know what I'm talking
about. I have no greasy sales pitch at
the end. And if you implement what I
talk about, you'll make a lot more money
and have a better life. And all I ask
for in return is that you hit the
subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank
you. Typically, if you are going, let's
use the design example. If you're going

[07:00]
use the design example. If you're going
to create this community around
designers, you're probably a designer
yourself or already embedded into that
community. I think that's actually where
most people fail is when they try to
take on something because they see an
opportunity. They're not an expert in
that space, nor do they like have any
business like operating, right? Or
passion for the space. Yeah. Yeah, like
I should not me personally, Tyler Deng
should not create a design community. I
love design. I nerd down design all the
time. That's not like but that's not me,
right? Like I that's not the communities
that I I spend time in. So if you
already have like this design cohort,
whether it's friends, co-workers,
whatever, get them to subscribe to the
newsletter for free. So you have a base
of like 50 to 75. If you provide value,
and it all starts with value, right?
It's creating content or providing value
that makes them want to stick around. A
lot of people think you can have the
morning brew referral program and all of
these different like growth tactics that
we promote on Beehive and just by growth
hacking your way to scale that you're
going to make it successful. And I think
a lot of people find out the hard way
that that doesn't work. Let's say you
have good content, you have your base of
50 to 75 people that you know from like

[08:00]
50 to 75 people that you know from like
your community. If it's good content,
it's very easy to share and like you can
ask them like, "Hey, can you share with
like one person from like your design
courses or like your prior job or
whatever?" quickly it multiplies 150 200
and then fortunately like leveraging
some of the tools that we've built so
boost is one of them boost is bas
basically just co-registration and so if
I so for example I recommend three other
newsletters on behive they each pay me
$2 for every subscriber that I send them
so if I'm spending $2 to acquire an
email on Facebook or Instagram they come
in through my flow and they subscribe to
one of those three newsletters I'm break
even right off the bat I paid $2 to
acquire the subscriber. They're now on
my list forever until they unsubscribe.
And I got paid back $2 immediately. If
they subscribe to two of those emails,
I'm in the black $2. It's like, I made
money through growing. And if you can do
that sustainably, then you put in $1,000
into this growth strategy. And if you
get $2,000 out, now you have a surplus
to pour that back into growth. And I
think that's what a lot of these
newsletters have found out that you can

[09:02]
newsletters have found out that you can
create this growth flywheel where you
pay to acquire subscribers, but you make
more money on the back end, whether it's
from boosts or ads or paid
subscriptions. And once you're in the
black, you just keep reinvesting it. And
very quickly you can get to 10 15,000
subscribers. I kick myself to this day
for waiting so long to to boost to do
co-registration because I had this
limiting mindset of like I don't want to
compete. I don't want to give my
competitors all these subscribers, then
they're going to be distracted. Instead
of getting one email from me, they're
going to get three. And so, we were
talking about segments before I hit
record. I started a segment from before
and after the time I boosted. And I
noticed no increase in like open rate or
click-through rate. Like, it just it
just grew the pie. I just started
getting free money essentially, right?
And it offsets your paid acquisition
cost. Or if they're organic subscribers,
then you're it's just a net profit. And
Boost really came out of my experience
at Morning Brew. Realizing that I was
spending $600,000 a month acquiring
subscribers from Google, YouTube,

[10:01]
subscribers from Google, YouTube,
Facebook, Instagram, Snap, like
anything, anywhere we could spend money,
we were testing. Does that turn into
acquiring subscribers at a reasonable
cost? And are they quality subscribers?
That's the other classic mistake that I
think a lot of growth marketers.
Definitely like if you're a newsletter
operator who doesn't come from a growth
background, you can look at a very
shitty acquisition source online that
may maybe get you subscribers for 10
cents and then you do Facebook and it's
$2.50. And so you'd say like, oh well
it's obvious to invest in the 10-cent
one because it's, you know, considerably
cheaper than trying to avoid doing math.
That's why I should have chosen easier
numbers. But yeah, it's considerably
cheaper, right? But what you don't
realize is if the subscribers you
acquired for 10 cents, they open one in
20 emails, but the subscribers from
Facebook open one in two emails, then
you're actually you have to normalize it
and get like the more active subscriber.
And that was something that took me like
six months to learn at Morning Brew that
not all subscribers were created equal.
And the actual acquisition cost is
really just the top of the funnel. You

[11:00]
really just the top of the funnel. You
need to normalize it for opens. I
created a segment. I I ran Facebook ads
for a month like religiously and I
tracked everything in segments and UTM
parameters and then I created a segment
for the same time period of all the
organic subscribers I got and that's
been like three months now and I've gone
back and looked at that segment every
week or two and my paid subscribers
actually open and click more than my
organic ones which is beautiful like
that's perfect because I can pull I can
control that lever and I can dial up or
down the ad spend as I want. That's why
I mentioned like, you know, stand up a
newsletter for 50 grand just because
it's nice to be able to know that like
you can kind of find cheat codes or
shortcuts where like really the
long-term sustainable thing like you
said is to have something you're
passionate about, something you're
knowledge knowledgeable about lead with
value and then kind of figure out the
monetization leverage later or paid ads
later. Yeah, I actually remember what I
was going to say now, but but what I was
going to say was I I started off by
saying how we were spending five
$600,000 a month on paid acquisition and
that we normalized it or whatever. But

[12:01]
that we normalized it or whatever. But
then after like testing Facebook,
Instagram, whatever, whatever, you
realize that the subscribers who are the
most engaged were just subscribers from
other email newsletters, which makes
perfect sense, right? If someone is
opening is is actively opening their
email and they're already subscribed to
other newsletters. Yeah. And they're
going to click on a link in another
newsletter to subscribe to an additional
newsletter. They're like those are your
people, right? And so we started
advertising in like the points guy and
all of these different newsletters and
that was always our highest quality
acquisition source. So when we built
Beehive, we always knew from day one
that we're going to build some sort of
network effect of how do you promote and
grow via via other newsletters in the
ecosystem knowing that those were the
highest quality readers. And so anyway,
long story short, that's how the
recommendations and boost feature came
to be. I think that's just a great
framework for business. Like if you want
to grow a podcast, the best way to do it
is to appear on other podcasts because
you're appearing in front of people that
already have a podcast in their daily

[13:00]
already have a podcast in their daily
habits. there's much less friction.
You're not going to convince someone to
start listening to podcast with your
podcast. I think the principle applies
in newsletters or really anything. You
just remove the friction. I'd also say
the principle of being open-minded and
testing absolutely everything is the
best way to grow and like experiment,
right? So, I think going in the
lowhanging fruit is, hey, I have $1,000
to spend on acquisition. I'm just going
to use Twitter and Google because that's
what I know best. At Morning Brew, we we
sponsored the the New York City Wi-Fi in
subway stations and it worked terribly,
but like we were we had the mechanisms
to be able to track and we were able to
say yes to any sort of acquisition
source knowing that on the back end we'd
be able to track how quality it was and
if it was good, we double down. But you
never know what you're missing out on.
And there's so many different ways to
acquire readers or customers regardless
of what your business is. So yeah, I
think being open to experimentation is
extremely important. I probably say that
once a month on this podcast, test
everything except drugs. I completely
agree. Like right now, I have a

[14:01]
agree. Like right now, I have a
billboard in Tombball, Texas for my
podcast. There's no QR code. There's no
domain name. It's not a thing. People
don't do it. But I I got to know. I have
to know. And I found, you know,
workarounds to track it. But like
testing a different marketing concept
with a different industry, like cross-
testing all those things is just like my
crack. I just love it so much. We tested
the back of Ubers where they have the
little like iPad screen that you can
like play the different games on if you
like I forgot the name of the company
but it'll like shuffle through like
games and like news or whatever and like
every every five slides you would see a
morning brew ad and like we tried that
and it actually worked pretty well. I
think that being open to
experimentation, there's like a lot of
alpha there. And then the other classic
thing for anyone who's done like brand
or not brand marketing but like
performance marketing is like as soon as
they launch a new channel and there's
less competition, it's a gold mine if
you're early to adopt. So Facebook
launched Facebook stories and no one
even I like I've never used a Facebook
story and like the normal person I don't

[15:01]
story and like the normal person I don't
know what normal is considered but most
people be like hey I don't even use
Facebook or I don't use Facebook
stories. I don't think that's going to
be successful. But if everyone thinks
that there's no competition. So if
you're the first one to adopt Facebook
stories, then your CPMs are so low that
you get crazy high conversion. There's
no competition. You're not paying a ton
of money. And I think we printed
subscribers for like 304 cents for a
month or two before it adopt more brands
adopted that. So being early to a
platform works really well. Yeah, it's
funny you say that. This is kind of a
random side note, but I had lunch with
this guy who manages multiple Instagram
accounts of million millions of
followers. And when Instagram stories
first came out, he learned that if he
pushed like a paid Instagram story to an
account just to get more subscribers, he
could acquire subscribers for like 3 to
six cents. Not subscribers, Instagram
followers. He would push a story with an
affiliate link and that story would earn
on average like 20 to 30 cents per
subscriber. And he was one of the
biggest spenders of Instagram story ads

[16:01]
biggest spenders of Instagram story ads
in the world. So much that Meta was
reaching out and saying like why are you
spending so much on Instagram stories?
Like what are you doing? And it you know
the window closed. It always does. But
while it was open he just he just
printed money. Yeah. There's there's
opportunity everywhere, right? Yeah. But
you got to be testing. So 99% of people
listening to this have no newsletter.
And I would say most of them are cur or
like newsletter curious cuz 30% of this
podcast are business owners. 70% are
aspiring business owners. So we kind of
started talking about that 10 minutes
ago. How to start your first newsletter.
Get your first 50 75 friends. Have them
share it. What other tips would you give
people to start their first newsletter?
When you asked like what do I see that
is interesting in the newsletter space
right now? The one the my initial answer
was people who have figured out a way to
monetize a smaller audience but have
outside upside in terms of outsized
upside in terms of like the revenue that
they can extract from that audience. The
other thing that I think is really

[17:00]
other thing that I think is really
interesting is the way that business
like certain businesses have adopted
email newsletters and like a content
forward strategy for growth. And the way
that I describe that as like Brex for
example, the the business credit card
for startups has a community newsletter
on Behive that promotes the different
community events that they host in New
York, LA, San Francisco. But what it is
not, which I think a lot of business
owners can't wrap their head around, is
it's not, hey, we have credit cards.
Here's an amazing deal. Click here to
sign up and open up an account with us.
I think the way that most business
owners think about email is here's a
list of 100,000 either existing
customers, past customers, past orders,
whatever it is, this database of 100,000
emails, and we sell t-shirts. And today
we're going to do a 5% off or 10% off.
And I'm going to send an email to all
100,000 people about this 10% off
promotion with the hope that 2,000
people click, another 500 purchase a
t-shirt or two. And by hitting send, I

[18:00]
t-shirt or two. And by hitting send, I
just made $10,000 in sales. So video is
cool, but you know what's better? Long
form audio via podcast and my
newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
tkopod.com. And so I think that's like
traditional e-commerce and that works,
right? Right? Like I think like the the
old adage for e-commerce is like the
easiest way to make money is just send
another email because that if you're
sending to a large enough amount of
people, you will get conversions. What I
think the savvier brands are doing now
is building a full content strategy
where there's a bit more of a longtail.
And the goal isn't for conversion today.
It is nurturing these customers and
these leads to think higher about think
more highly about you as the brand, the
value that you provide and more just
like general likeness. And so we do that
at behi. I'd even say like my personal
newsletter, Big Desk Energy, in a way is
that like we we send tons of emails as a

[19:01]
that like we we send tons of emails as a
business that is not about signing up or
upgrading to our account. It is we know
who our target audience is, whether it's
publishers, content creators, small
businesses, whatever. Let's create
content that they would find valuable
irregardless of it. It has nothing to do
with Beehive. We just think it's
valuable to them and it's coming from
our house account or me. And by doing
that they look forward and they build
this habit of opening our emails. They
trust us as like a thought leader in
this email content creation space. And
when it does come time for a purchase
decision against us who has been
providing them constant content,
constant value and educating them and
helping them in whatever way we can via
content and this other brand that
they've either never seen, never
received content for or every time that
they engage with them, it's just like a
hard sale. it's easier to have more
allegiance to the brand that's provided
you more value. So, it's like a it's
pausing like the the instant
gratification of like needing sales
today with like let's nurture these
customers through content that they find

[20:00]
customers through content that they find
valuable. And I think that I've seen
that through a handful of brands and it
works extremely well. It's kind of like
SEO like SEO works so well because so
few people focus on it because they
don't they don't focus on it because it
takes months to pay off, right? And what
you're describing to me is like brand
building. I picture like Yeti and Red
Bull doing this perfectly. Like I'll go
to YouTube and watch Yeti videos about
saltwater fishing and they don't mention
Yeti once. I can just see the cooler in
the background, but I kind of like Yeti
now because I like that video. And Red
Bull's the same way. And both of those
companies have amazing high trust, high
net promoter score brands primarily
driven by this content that they put
out. And so what you're saying is like
it's almost like taking a transactional
business and saying, "Hey, we're now
kind of like an influencer." Like we're
we're almost like an individual
influencer that has high affinity and
high trust with an audience. We're
taking a long-term approach. We're never
going to be able to attribute these
dollars to these dollars, these dollars
going out to these dollars coming in.
But we just believe and trust that it's

[21:01]
But we just believe and trust that it's
going to do good things for us and we're
going to play the long game, right?
Yeah. I mean, I'd even say it's not
mutually exclusive, right? like you can
play the long game and nurture these
customers and provide value while also
sending a once a week like more direct
transactional email of like here's a new
product, here's the sale we're doing,
here's something that you should buy.
But I think so. The the reason I brought
that up to answer your question is you
said that 30% of your audience is like
business owners. And I'd be curious how
many of those 30% actually have like a
content strategy beyond just
aggressively posting and promoting their
products, their promotions versus how
many think of content from like a first
principle of like if we serve if we sell
outdoor gear like what what is content
that is is it the top trails in America
and like every week we do we share
different trails, different hiking,
different campground reviews of
different types of whatever it is. Like
I think there's like a a whole content
strategy that can be deployed for nearly
any business and it doesn't take that
much thought. I think it takes like a

[22:00]
much thought. I think it takes like a
brainstorming session for like 30
minutes to kind of figure out like what
would your customers actually want more
of and if you can be a leader in that
space. I mean we do it for creator
spotlight. Creator Spotlight started as
when we were just starting off, we had
so few users and we were like trying to
educate other people of like why they
should use the platform and also like
uplift those users that are having
success on our platform by putting them
in a spotlight. So I would choose a user
like more or less at random every week.
We would do a whole like write up on
them and we'd send it to all of our
customers being like look at this user
who's having success. They're using
these five features. They're making this
much revenue. This is how quickly that
they're growing. And it was valuable to
the rest of our customers because like
they could see and get inspiration from
this other user who is having success on
the platform. And now it's just its own
vertical of the business. We don't even
promote Beehive at all. We've even gone
beyond choosing Beehive customers as the
people that we promote. We promote
YouTubers, influencers, content
creators, publishers. Like I said, the

[23:00]
creators, publishers. Like I said, the
the design person that I mentioned at
the beginning of the podcast for the
sole purpose of we know that our
customers want to get
inspiration and learn from other people
in the space who are having success. And
where I used to think the only way to
monetize an email was with ads or paid
subscriptions. In reading creator
spotlight, I found 20 other ways that
these creators and publishers are
finding ways to extract revenue from
their audience. So, it's helped me even
think about the landscape. And so that's
just another way of like using content
as a way to nurture leads and eventually
drive sales. Where do you see local
newsletters heading? Do you do you think
that's a big opportunity? I'm not going
to say we went all in on it, but we
hosted this dayong webinar about a month
ago and then we also launched the local
newsletter accelerator program at
Beehive. So I think applications are
still open depending on when this goes
live. That's like a natural trend that
we saw where I'd say December, January
of this year, every time I logged on
Twitter or X, there was like 10 new
local newsletters like popping up like

[24:00]
local newsletters like popping up like
in my face who were all having like
crazy success. They're like just
partnered with five local brands,
already sold out all the inventory for
Q1 or went from a hundred of my friends
signing up to like 5,000 people in the
community in like a quarter. And like
blew my mind the the success that a lot
of these local newsletters were having.
So long-term, to answer your question,
very bullish on local newsletters, and I
think it makes perfect sense. I've
subscribed to probably two or three
different newsletters in Los Angeles
that are just like top restaurants that
this person has tried recently,
different events that are happening this
week. It's just like a a guide of like
what's happening in the community. I
think there's a lot of different flavors
of local newsletter. For me, it's more
consumerry in terms of like restaurants
and events. So, it's like activity based
and like the experiences. Others are
more like news related of what's
happening in local politics, what what's
going on in like the community, are
there any I don't know other things that
are are going on, but like hyperfocus on
a specific geographical location. And

[25:00]
a specific geographical location. And
then I think the business opportunity
there is every community has tons of
small businesses that are looking for
customers. And the hardest part about
monetizing like a very large newsletter
is as great as email is, it is difficult
to understand exactly who these people
are. And you can do surveys, you can try
to hydrate the data and be like, I just
grew this this many emails and they are,
you know, opening from the northeast of
the United States, but like you have to
work really hard to understand and like
behive building a lot of things to help
make this easier. But to understand like
what are their true interests? Is it a
25-year-old female who lives in the
Northeast or are they a 50-year-old male
who lives on the West Coast? And you
can't really get that from the email
itself. And so it's harder to be able to
figure out like if you are going to
monetize with ads, who's the right
advertiser to serve this audience?
Whereas if you are building a newsletter
for Annapapolis, Maryland, then the only
people who are most likely to subscribe
to that newsletter are people who live
in Annapolis or near Annapolis, which
means any small business in Annapolis
would be interested in sponsoring this

[26:01]
would be interested in sponsoring this
newsletter because they know they're
getting in front of 5,000, 10,000,
15,000 local residents who could be a
customer. And so it makes the
monetization angle great. Also think
like it probably feels pretty good to
support small local businesses. Um so I
think a lot of them are having a ton of
success. Well, and then I I think one of
the big asymmetric bets is you can
acquire subscribers for local
newsletters at like half or a third of
the cost of a any other newsletter. Like
if I go look for business subscribers on
Facebook ads, I'm going to spend about
a$150. But if I go look for Plano, Texas
residents for my Plano, Texas
newsletter, it's going to be about 50
cents. But then conversely, the CPMs,
the amount of money I can charge for
those ads is like twice because it's so
targeted. So your cost to acquire is a
third or half of what another newsletter
would be. And the amount you can charge
per viewer is significantly more. And
then the like if you look at
oversaturation, it's not going to
happen. There's 100,000 cities in
America. There's hundreds of thousands
of neighborhoods. Like there are

[27:00]
of neighborhoods. Like there are
neighborhoods with 20,000 people in
them. You can get even more hyper local
than just a city.
with Ryan and Naptown Scoop in in uh
Annapolis. He's got more subscribers
than people live in Annapolis because
you have people that like used to live
there or tangential to it. And then he
he launched a business freaking renting
out bathrooms vertically integrated, you
know, like who would have thought? So I
think 10 years from now local
newsletters are going to be a big
opportunity. Yeah. I mean, even so now
like my growth gears are turning a bit
in terms of like how all the growth
hacks you could do to try to scale in
like a single geographical location. You
could do direct mail. I would like it's
so first of all I'm a huge fan of direct
mail. We haven't had an amazing use case
for using it at Behive yet, but like the
physical direct mail I think works super
well and like a hyper for us it's like
where would you even send that for
behive and then we could choose
different locales, right? But if you
have an Annapapolis newsletter, it might
cost $5,000 to send like a highly
targeted postcard for your Annapapolis

[28:00]
targeted postcard for your Annapapolis
newsletter to every household within
like these five zip codes, right? You
could also go to five of the most
popular pizza places, give them like a
bunch of cards to hand out and be like,
if you can get people to sign up for my
new like your customers come in and if
you can give them this, I'll add you to
the newsletter at the bottom of like
here's the top pizza places. and like
just do like affiliate deals where like
you're actually not even taking in
revenue, but you're using it for
customer acquisition. I don't know. The
fact that I could drive to any local
establishment and find a way or a
partnership for them to help me grow so
as they grow their business and bring in
more and more customers, they can also
drive new subscribers to me. I think
that's super interesting. I think local
news is like a massive thing and like
there's probably like a broader shift in
terms of like lack of trust in like the
larger media companies and even in local
news, right? I just think like the
established media is going through a
period where there's a lot of distrust
from like the general public and I don't
know if trusting someone you a
newsletter on the internet that you met
for the first time is like more trust
but it seemingly it does seem that way.

[29:00]
but it seemingly it does seem that way.
Yeah, I think there's a ton of
opportunity there. What other newsletter
trends are you seeing that people should
be looking out for? Whether it's like
the type of newsletter or how people
grow their newsletter or is it weekly or
daily, the length of the newsletter?
like what are kind of some best
practices that you have in mind? Yeah,
I'm seeing more like design forward
emails, which I've been saying forever
in the sense that most emails look
terrible. Like no one puts time into
making them look good. I think there's
like real alpha and like spending the
hour or two to have your newsletter
template totally jump out of the inbox
and be something that people actually
remember. Weekly versus daily versus
monthly kind of depends on like who
you're serving, like what the the value
prop is and the different content you're
created. So it's like hard to see like a
ton of different trends around that.
What about length? Depends right again
to like your value prop. So if your
value prop is I'm going to distribute
information in as bite-sized as possible
because it is utility for the readers,
then like maybe shorter is better. We're

[30:01]
then like maybe shorter is better. We're
seeing like a lot of independent
journalists leave traditional media,
launch newsletters on beehive and like
do like investigative journalism I think
is really interesting. It's like full
scoops like New York Timeesque but
longer type newsletters that are just
like deep dives on like any given topic.
I think creativity is like all over the
place in the newsletter spot. So there's
like newsletters that use images and
gifs to like tell a story. I'm blanking
on the name and now I feel bad because I
would have loved to give them a shout
out, but it it's every day they explain
a different topic all through images.
And so it's like cartoon drawn images to
tell a story and educate someone like
how something works in the world. Email
is like pretty flexible, right? It could
be it could be a short, it could be
alerts, like real-time news happening.
It could be deep dives. It could be
cartoons. It could be super
well-designed or plain text. Like
there's a lot of different things you
can do with it. The biggest trend that
I've seen is is local. Outside of that,
I think like everyone's going in every
which direction in terms of like

[31:00]
which direction in terms of like
cadence, length, and acquisition
strategies. Have you ever seen someone
take like a a corporate email list? Like
I'll just use one of my companies as an
example. Texas Snacks. We sell Texas
Snacks and it's a Shopify store. We have
about 150,000 emails and we're just
doing the basic. We're just sending out
deals and promotions and yada yada. Is
there a world where you could take that
and convert it into like a daily
newsletter with a tangential topic like
you know trends happening in the south
or in Texas or Texas food recipes or
whatever and treat that as a separate
business entirely and literally like you
could put your own ads in there, you
could sell sponsorships in there because
I look at newsletters and you might
cringe at this but like I'll take the
amount of subscribers, cut it in half
and say if this is a daily newsletter,
if I have 100,000 subscribers I can make
$50,000 a month topline at like a a good
CPM like in a business niche. So if I
look at, you know, my Texas snacks list,
it's like 150,000 subscribers at a

[32:01]
it's like 150,000 subscribers at a
decent CPM. That could be $60,000 a
month business as a standalone in
addition to the promotional emails we're
sending. Is there a world where that
could be another business or or you
could build an agency going into
companies and saying, "Hey, give me your
email list. I'm going to turn this into
a new revenue line for you guys." Yeah.
I mean, what you just said sounds super
smart, right? Like I think that's like
what every company should be doing is
like looking at their assets in terms of
what they view an asset now is like an
email list or database of emails that
they send the promotions and whatever
else to. So like can we actually build
media around this? If you're asking me
if do I think there's a business of like
I think there's a huge opportunity for
agencies or even an individual, right?
you're a high agency individual who
either loves writing has a network of
writers or knows how to use AI tools in
a way that actually makes good content
on the other side of it. Then to be able
to go to a business that you know has a
large database of emails and say like I
can create a net new revenue stream for
you that also has like it'll bring in

[33:00]
you that also has like it'll bring in
money day one because we can monetize
with ads or we could do affiliates. So
like it's a it's net new revenue off the
bat but also should improve the NPS and
you know just like the the goodwill of
your core business in parallel. So kind
of like what we discussed earlier. I
think there's a huge opportunity for for
someone to do that. I see it as like two
different strategies. You can go the
Yeti route and just say we're not going
to put ads in this. This is just our
content strategy. We're playing the long
game. And then you could say we want to
have our cake and eat it too. We want to
play the long game, but we also want to
directly attribute this new revenue. I
don't see a lot of people doing that,
but I think that could be an interesting
opportunity. And some of these
businesses have massive databases of
emails, right? So there's so many of
these like smaller newsletter operators
who are scrapping by to get like 10 new
subscribers a day and like thrilled at
the fact that they grew by 100
subscribers in a week where these
businesses are sitting on hundreds of
thousands of emails that you know
they've been in business for call it a
decade and every customer that's ever
checked out on their website they save

[34:00]
checked out on their website they save
their email and they like will remarket
here and there um but they're sitting on
a gold mine. Yeah, I think I think it's
a huge opportunity. This is fresh on my
mind. I had a zoom a couple hours ago
with a guy that's buying a company out
of bankruptcy. They have a million, not
emails, but a million active emails and
he's buying the company for like a half
a million dollars and they sell physical
goods. They're going to do an e-commerce
play and all that. I had this
conversation with him. I'm like, dude,
that's that's like a mid7 figure
business just if you converted those
emails to a daily newsletter. You'd have
to sell the ads. In my experience,
that's the hardest part is just filling
the ad space. Assuming you were doing a
traditional monetization route, but he
hadn't even thought of that. He's like,
"Oh man, I could monetize the emails. I
thought I was just going to send
promotions to them." But I think there's
something there. I think I might have to
look at all these bankruptcy filings and
see if there's any alpha there. Maybe
there's some like huge companies with
like very asset light, so lowcost
bankruptcy, and I just want the email
list. Yeah, that could be really
interesting. Last question. This one's

[35:01]
interesting. Last question. This one's
kind of selfish. I want to know
personally what is the 8020 of just a
killer referral program because from
what I understand the Milk Road crush it
on referrals but they seem kind of like
an outlier to me it's referral programs
hard I'm guessing like just got to have
a ton of value like whatever you give
away for free for one or five it just
has to be really really good is there
more to it than that so from the Morning
Brew experience what we leaned into is
like pure fandom like Morning Brew built
like this cult following of people who
like built it into their routine and
their habit to wake up every morning and
read the newsletter. And we had the mug
logo. We had the conversational tone. It
was super relatable. You read it and
felt like you were receiving news from
like your best friend. And through that
entire like brand building exercise when
we created a more complex referral
program, so there was like seven
rewards, call it, it was like a mug, a
t-shirt, a hat, a backpack, additional
content, like people were bought in
because of the fandom. So that's like

[36:00]
because of the fandom. So that's like
one thing that's like again going back
to like brand building and playing like
a long long-term game like we leaned
into that. Milk Road's a great example
and I actually do think that is the 8020
rule is like far too often people either
looked at the Morning Brew example or
get way too greedy and thinking like oh
if I can get my own readers just to
refer more readers then like I should
incentivize them to get like 10 people
and so you have like this big reward at
like five referrals or 10 referrals.
Most people aren't going to do that and
we even saw that at Morning Brew, but
one referral is so easy because the
barrier is so low that you can copy a
link and send it to your best friend or
your mom or the person sitting next to
you and you get that instant
gratification of like whatever reward is
at one referral. So what Milkro did was
Milk Road covers crypto news. They spoke
to 15 crypto experts. They wrote like a
one page. They spent a day and wrote
like a really great one-pager saying if
you refer just one person, we'll give
you the advice or the the projections of
what's going to happen in the crypto
market according to these 15 experts.

[37:01]
market according to these 15 experts.
And the barrier of entry was so low at
just one referral. And like the other
kicker is it was totally free. They
spent a day creating that asset. But
they're not going to like USPS and like
shipping stickers and swag like every
Friday. They're just they set it up on
Beehive. It's fully automated. And as
soon as someone got their first
referral, it sent an email and like that
was it. So it took time in creating the
asset, but zero dollars after that and
the barriers were so low, they just
needed people to share one referral. So
I kind of think that is the 8020 rule.
It's like what is enticing enough to
incentivize someone to share with just
one person. And if you can do that, like
that's the hardest part is zero to one,
one to two, one to five, whatever is
easier because they've already done the
behavior and you can continue to to push
them further. Yeah. And all of that is
amplified if you if it's just a freaking
great newsletter and they feel proud
referring it and they're fans and like
the Morning Brew, right? Like they just
felt bought into it. It's all quality,
right? Like I could sit here for an hour
and give all of the growth tactics that

[38:00]
and give all of the growth tactics that
we use at Morning Brew or that I use for
my newsletter or what I've seen on the
platform. You can't growth hack your way
into success there. It has to come from
like the nucleus actually being quality.
And so that's where I'd recommend people
spend the most of their time. Okay.
Well, Tyler, this was perfect. We know
where to find your your company. I'll
have links everywhere, but where can we
find you? I'll plug the newsletter. The
newsletter is my number my number one
thing that I'm focused on right now. So,
mail.bigdesenergy.com. Maybe drop that
in the uh description below. But it's a
weekly newsletter for anyone who's
interested in startups entrepreneurship.
It's really just me sharing the journey
of building the company. A lot of
transparent insights. It's a great
newsletter. I'm a subscriber myself. And
what about your Spotify playlist, man? I
mean, come on. You got a Spotify
playlist. I assume once they get into
the funnel, they'll see the Spotify
playlist, but yes, it is. It Big Desk
Energy. Big Desk. I got it up in front
of me as I do at all times of the day.
But yes, Big Desk Energy is also a
Spotify playlist with the best music to
help you focus.

[39:00]
help you focus.
But you're not making much money off
that one, though. I'm the only person
dumb enough to build a newsletter off of
a Spotify playlist, which I don't make
money off of. But that's what makes me
unique, I guess. Hey, Naptown Scoop
built a, you know, bathroom rental
business off their newsletter. There are
no rules. I didn't I didn't ask you
about that, but I was going to be like,
"What the hell?" I This is the first
I've heard of that. So, did you not know
that? Yeah. No. Can Can you share more
about what does that mean? I tweeted
about luxury bathroom rental as a
business like two years ago. it got a
million views. He read it and he's like,
"That's amazing. I think that would
work. I think I could find events and
people to rent these out through my
newsletter." And so he hopped on my
podcast and we talked about it publicly
and then he bought a $20,000 like
trailer bathroom and started renting it
out at weddings and he got almost all of
his bookings from his newsletter. Like
of all things. That's he wouldn't have
had a successful real world physical
sweaty startup if it weren't for his
newsletter.
This is the first I've heard of that.
But yeah, I've never of of all the

[40:01]
But yeah, I've never of of all the
interesting ways that I've seen people
parlay a newsletter into something, the
newsletter to bathroom rental is brand
new to me and really awesome. It's quite
the pivot. Oh, yeah. Well, thanks for
having me. Yeah, man. Thank you. All
right. Don't forget to come back for my
episode all about local newsletters and
luxury trailer bathroom event rental
business. And don't forget to use my
Beehive affiliate link for a discount in
the show notes. Thanks again and we'll
see you next time on the Kerner