[00:00]
What parts of the last 17 years have
felt overwhelming to you? Opening a
phone repair shop and me doing shifts
there with the baby behind the wall.
That one was pretty overwhelming. There
was just questions about where the money
would come from to like pay the bills
for the next month. That's a scary
feeling. It's overwhelming, but it's
also exciting. You weren't going to
fail. I knew that you were always going
to provide for our family. You'll regret
not doing it more than you'll regret
doing it. You got to try it. And if you
really put your effort into it, I think
you can make something
[Music]
happen. We all know that we would really
never get anywhere in our businesses
without our spouse, right? I just don't
know how you could be a serial
entrepreneur or a business owner without
a supportive spouse. And so I wanted to
do something a little different today. I
invited my spouse, my wife, on the
Kerner office. I sat her down. I had a
list of questions. I went off script a
little bit and I asked her, "How did you
do it? How are you doing it? How can one
be such a supportive spouse? What do you
do if you don't have a supportive

[01:00]
do if you don't have a supportive
spouse? How do you manage that? We got a
little vulnerable, a little touchyfey,
but I think it'll be helpful. So, share
it with a significant other in your life
whose support you desperately need for
this business that you either are
already running or want to run. And let
me know what you think in the comments.
Tell us who you are. I'm Jesse Kerner. I
am your wife. We've been married for
like almost 17 years. I'm a stay-at-home
mom. I'm a realtor.
I'm a volunteer. I don't know. What else
do you want to know? When did we meet?
We met a long time ago. It was like
January of
2000. We met at a funeral. So romantic.
It's so romantic. We were 13 and 14
years old. Why does this feel so
awkward? Cuz the cameras are there.
Yeah, it's true. Yeah. So, I wanted to
interview you
because almost everyone that listens to
my podcast either has a significant
other or will have a significant other
that needs to support them in their
entrepreneurship journey. So, I want to

[02:02]
entrepreneurship journey. So, I want to
learn a bunch of things for the first
time on this interview and I would like
you to give some advice to everyone
listening and or watching on how they
can be a supportive spouse or
significant other. Okay. Does that sound
good? Yeah, I'll see what I can do.
Okay. So, let's do this. Why don't you
explain to everyone what you think my
career has been? If how would you
introduce me as a professional? Usually
when people ask like, "What does your
husband do?" It's like, "Oh, he's an
entrepreneur." And they're like, "Okay,
what what is his business?" And I was
like, "Which one?" Because there are
always there are always a lot of things
going on, which is exciting. It's never
boring, but sometimes it can be
overwhelming and sometimes it can be
scary. Let's dig into the word
overwhelming. What parts of the last 17
years have felt overwhelming to you? Any
stories you could tell? I mean, there
are there are a few, but I feel like

[03:02]
are there are a few, but I feel like
you've kind of outlined them. You know,
when you were in China and got the phone
call from a lawyer, that one was pretty
overwhelming. And well, just going into
the first business too with a six-month
old baby, opening a phone repair shop
and me doing shifts there with a baby
behind the wall. Like that was kind of
overwhelming knowing that that was like
what needed to pay the bills that we
needed to
pay those bills for the space. And that
was that was overwhelming. moving our
family, starting our next locations,
like moving to Texas, like everything
has just been like, "Okay, let's try
this out. Let's do this." I mean, there
have been lots of times when it's like I
get to be a part of it. And I really
enjoy that. Like with LCD cycle and
going through LCDs at the kitchen table
before we ship them back to China and
stuff like glass all over the carpet.
Yes. Glass everywhere. But it's like

[04:01]
Yes. Glass everywhere. But it's like
it's overwhelming, but it's also
exciting. There's something intoxicating
about starting something new and seeing
your enthusiasm and excitement and
knowing that you did the research that
has made it bearable. I guess I still
remember in those fun restore days we
had like a pack and play behind the the
store. For those watching or listening,
we had this 2,000 foot store and we just
put a a drywall wall that just split up
the front from the back. In the front
was where we'd meet customers. We'd
accept payments. In the back is where
we'd have our baby. There's a bathroom
back there. We'd fix phones and iPads
back there. There was like a couch and a
table. And it's kind of like when you
you go to like a local restaurant that's
not a chain and you walk in and they're
usually immigrants running it. And it
just seems a little unorganized,
chaotic. That's how our store felt.
That's how our lives have felt a little
bit. Yeah. So, we we dug into the word
overwhelming. What about the word scary?
What scary experiences do you remember?

[05:01]
What scary experiences do you remember?
Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK
Owners, and it's basically like having
me and 100 other business geniuses as
your business partner, but you give them
0% equity. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month. About the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
What scary experiences do you remember?

[06:01]
What scary experiences do you remember?
There was just questions about where the
money would come from to like pay the
bills for the next month or you know cuz
there have been there have been business
ventures where it's like you put in a
lot of work up front and there's not a
lot of pay for a long time. Like I'm
thinking of a year and a half where I
was like there was no income. So I'm
like I don't know how we're paying these
bills and that's that's a scary feeling.
But I also like trusted in you. I knew
that you had a plan and everything
worked out. That was the 18 months that
we had to sell our rental homes just to
pay our mortgage to pay the bills. Well,
and I'm grateful that it worked out the
way that it did, that at least one of
them appreciated enough to be able to
help cover the bells because that that
timing was perfect. Yeah, that was a
scary 18 months because it was maybe the
most time I had spent building something
that never materialized. And also the
only thing I had really built that I

[07:01]
only thing I had really built that I
didn't have full say over, which that's
a pretty toxic combo in retrospect.
Well, that too. And then it was also
during CO like that was the height of CO
and everyone was home and so I feel like
senses on all fronts were just
heightened. There was no control over
anything it felt like. So that was
probably peak scary. Mhm. It was. What
are some memories that you have that you
can recall about starting a business or
building a business or the first time I
told you about an idea that I had and
where that went? Maybe I was really
excited about an idea that never
materialized. Is there anything you can
remember along those lines or is there
too many to remember? There might be too
many. Like, and you're just such a good
storyteller, too. Like, I just remember
being excited. This is not business
related, but just like your excitement
and it's how contagious it is. like when
we were first married and you got the
job at Curin and you just come in and
you tell me about all the the adventures

[08:01]
you tell me about all the the adventures
that you had in your first shifts of of
waiting tables there and you were just
so so happy. It felt good and and that
was contagious and I feel like that same
energy and enthusiasm has like presented
itself throughout almost all of your
ideas. I remember in college for an
entrepreneurial class you created like
the SID safe. It was like the baby sling
that was supposed to be safe so babies
wouldn't die of SIDS. Like you were
excited about that but and it was new to
us. Like we had Carson at that point and
I think SIDS was like so scary. So you
were trying to solve that problem and so
I remember you being excited about that.
I remember the excitement that came with
phone restore too. Like you just had
full confidence. You saw this kid fix
the phone. You you researched the guys
at LSU that were doing the same thing.
Like you felt so strongly that it was it
was a winning situation. And I think
your drive and determination helped make

[09:02]
your drive and determination helped make
it a winning situation. It's funny
because I probably wouldn't have started
that business the same way today. I did
research, but I didn't do any testing.
You know, if it were today, I would have
taken my mentor's advice and started
fixing phones on the side, proved the
demand, tried some paid ads. But I just
thought the store worked in a very
similar college town. There's not a
store like that here. It will work here
as long as I get a good location. And it
did, but it wasn't like a runaway
success. It took months for that
location to take off, which was scary.
Yeah. I mean, even though it was a good
location, it was in a good part of town,
you didn't get like walkers coming up to
it just randomly. It had to be a
destination. If we could go back in
time, would you have preferred that I
warned you about all of these
businesses? I knew that I wanted to be
in business, but I thought I wanted to
have a business job at first, right? I

[10:01]
have a business job at first, right? I
knew I was entrepreneurial as a kid,
entrepreneurial as a kid, but that kind
of went away for my teenage years. Would
it have changed anything if, you know,
we were 21, about to get married, and I
said, "Hey, I'm going to start 75
businesses over the next 15 years. I
don't know what our bank account will
look like, but I know that it'll be
exciting and I'll be happy. I will be
happy. If we had a magic lamp and we
could go back and Would anything
change?" No, I don't think so. I think I
probably would have been like unsure
about it, but I feel like the path that
that you've taken professionally, I just
I think that it's worked so well for
you. Maybe my experience watching you at
like the jail and just like suffer
through a job versus like the excitement
and the energy that came from creating
your own thing like come good or bad
like fixing the problems that you create

[11:00]
like fixing the problems that you create
or or the happiness and joy and
prosperity that comes from it. Like I
just think starting early was the right
choice cuz now you've got all the
experience that you can fall back on and
and utilize whereas who knows how long
you would have been stuck in like a
corporate job and just miserable. I just
think things would have looked a lot
different. I maybe it would have been
hard to break out of that corporate
world. Maybe you would have been scared
to start something new. like I'm
grateful that you started when we were
young and naive and ready to jump in
with both feet because I just think that
it's played out. Yes, it's had its ups
and downs, but I think it's played out
so beautifully. What advice would you
give
spouses if they have someone crazy like
me that they're married to, either male
or female? I don't know. I don't know.
That's a tricky one.
I I feel lucky because I feel like I've
been able to just trust you. I feel like

[12:02]
been able to just trust you. I feel like
you've taken that trust very personally,
very to heart.
And I knew that you were always going to
provide for our
family. So if that meant like a business
failed and you had to get a job, like
you weren't above doing that. So I don't
know. I don't know what the situations
for other people are if they feel like
they have that same kind of confidence
in their partner, but yeah, it required
a lot of trust. So, here's how this
works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell, just
like that. Thank you. Where do you think
that confidence and trust comes from?
Because we met as 13year-olds, but we
didn't know each other super well. We
were friends and then you moved away and

[13:01]
were friends and then you moved away and
we didn't even connect until I got home
from my mission at age 21, which is the
same year we got married. So, do you
think you're naturally a trusting
person? Do you think that came with
time? Do you think it was because of a
work ethic that you saw? Yeah, I think
it's the work ethic, honestly. Like when
we were in college and like we bought
our first house less than a year after
we were married, like seven months after
we were married, and we were waiting in
2008. In 2008, we were waiting tables.
We were making technically on paper 213
an hour, but we we bought our first
house. You were doing full-time school.
You got a job at the jail. Like, and
then we had another job on top of that.
Like I feel like that work ethic like
you did well in your classes, you got
scholarship for speech and debate, like
you you weren't going to fail. Yeah. I
think if I just kept coming to you with
ideas and then like went back to my
video game, you know, or like kept

[14:01]
video game, you know, or like kept
coming to you with ideas and got seasons
in my classes, right, and worked 10
hours a week, it would be a totally
different vibe where it's like I like
that you're excited, but but you play a
lot of video games. Yeah. You know?
Yeah. I think I think that the work
ethic was really telling early on. I
think also that we're similar in that
we're both pretty logical and I remember
the conversations about buying our first
home. We had really cheap rent,
abnormally cheap. It was $500 a month,
right? And it was a great location right
on campus, but our mortgage to own a
house, a $90,000 house after like escrow
and everything was $483. So, I remember
saying like, "Okay, we we do have to pay
$3,200 down, but we'll save money and
we'll own a home. We won't quote waste
rent. We we'll build equity in the
home." And I think you just that just
made logical sense to you as well. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. I remember early on, even in
like early college, before we met each

[15:01]
like early college, before we met each
other, I wanted to buy a house. I didn't
want to throw money away towards rent.
So, I think we were really, really
aligned there. Anyway, I think a lot of
people are listening to this, maybe they
are the spouse or they have the spouse
that is just has no risk tolerance.
That's just innate for whatever reason.
And they're watching this and they're
just saying, "Okay, my spouse is a hard
worker. I trust him, but that's so
risky. I can't get around the risk no
matter like some things are out of his
control. What if the market turns and he
starts a wealth management firm and he
can't get clients or whatever it is?"
What would you say to to spouses with
that mindset? I think it's important to
have a backup plan, you know, like make
sure there's some savings or a job
opportunity or or something else that
they can fall back on. But there's just
so much potential, like so much joy that
can come from from trying the new thing,
from testing it out. And I feel like
regret, like you'll regret not doing it

[16:01]
regret, like you'll regret not doing it
more than you'll regret doing it. And if
you really put your effort into it, I
think you can make something happen.
Whether it's that business or you pivot
it into something else. Like I just
think you got to try it. Yeah. Jeff
Bezos has the regret minimization
framework, which is when he's faced with
two big decisions, which one will he
have less regret about making? And when
he started Amazon, he was working for a
hedge fund, making really, really good
money. But he's like, I'm just always
gonna wonder what if if I don't ever
start this thing. And obviously, he did.
It makes me think of you actually. We
bought like our second car, third car
maybe from Montgomery Automotive Group.
And you always wanted to try that
business. Oh yeah. The uh concierge car
buying. Yeah. This is like where
basically people tell you what car they
want. You go to the auction and you buy
it for them for like a $700 fee. Yep.
And you finally tried it like several

[17:00]
And you finally tried it like several
years down the road and you called it
Presto Cars. And you hated it. It was
the wor It was the worst business. But I
feel like if you didn't try it then,
like you'd probably be trying. I would
have tried it eventually. Yeah. And I
hated it because I'm not a car guy.
Yeah. So it's not scalable. I hated it
because I already had a successful
thriving business at the time. And so
with that contrast in my mind, it's
like, why am I breaking down on the side
of the road with these stupid cars? This
business is printing money. What am I
doing? Whereas if that were like my last
resort, I would have made that work even
though I hated it. Right. Cuz I didn't
like fixing phones or selling parts
either. Right. Right. And if anyone is
watching or listening, he does not fix
phones anymore.
We still get calls or texts or Facebook
messages about that. Yes, it's been 15
years. What sacrifice do you think that
we made either together as a couple or
individually along the way that we
didn't even realize at the time?

[18:01]
didn't even realize at the time?
Sometimes I get envious because I've got
friends with husbands who've got like
jobs with great benefits. They've worked
their way up the company and you know
they know what their paycheck is going
to be every month and we're still to a
point where it's like I don't know. I
don't know what we're making but it's
it's enough. we're gonna make enough.
But it's like, oh, I I I am envious
sometimes of like just you know exactly
what you're getting. You know exactly
what you'll have and you can budget for
that. So maybe that I don't know. I
don't know if that would be considered
stability
because we've we've had income and we've
been stable like we've been in the same
house for nine years. like we have
stability, but maybe the the financial
not income stability, right? Cuz it's
not like we're going hungry. How like
when was the last I can think of this
answer, but when was the last two months
in a row where income was the same? Like
I can think of a lot of months in a row

[19:00]
I can think of a lot of months in a row
where it was zero. Yeah, I think in the
LCD cycle days it was the same for a
while. Okay. But LCD cycle that was like
2017. Yeah, it's been a while. It's
feast or famine. We'll take a fat
distribution. Maybe one company has is
doing really well and has quarterly
distributions so that quarter pays for
everything and then some. Yeah. Or maybe
we have to sell a rental house. We don't
have any more of those. We had to sell
them all.
I get jealous of people that have those
jobs, too. Yeah. I really do. A lot of
those people though have schedules that
are not great. They're working a lot.
And I think a lot of it is we live in an
area where most of our friends are six
to 10 years older than us. Yeah. So it's
just kind of interesting. That's kind of
a different phase of the career like mid
to late 30s versus late 40s. Mid to late
40s. What turning points or
conversations that were key in our
marriage? Do you remember? Nothing
major. I mean, there have been
opportunities that have presented

[20:00]
opportunities that have presented
themselves and we've prayed over them or
whatever and
proceeded. Nothing huge though, like
what about after that conversation at
Starbucks? Oh, remember when I came
home? Yeah. And you didn't know about it
yet? Well, I knew you being home then
was not good. And I know, but we didn't
see this coming, right? No. I remember
specifically walking in the mud room
from the garage and you're like, "Hey,
what are you doing home having no clue
and I had no I didn't see it coming."
So, yeah. You remember that moment?
Yeah, vaguely. Like I had walked over
there specifically to check on you cuz
it was like the garage door just opened
and he shouldn't be home yet. So, I was
confused. But yeah, I remember I think
you told me then what had happened, but
then you needed you needed some space.
Yeah, mostly it's when those kinds of
things happened, but I feel like you and

[21:00]
things happened, but I feel like you and
I were kind of we like to talk about the
future and and dream about, you know,
what could be and that's been a lot of
fun, like detailing our dream house when
we were newlyweds or, you know, things
like that. I love that. I love that
we've been aligned in those kind of
ways. Nowadays, most of our
conversations are about parenting our
kids more than anything else. Mhm. But I
don't know. I don't know if that
answered the question. Yeah. What advice
would you give a new spouse that is
knowingly marrying a serial
entrepreneur? Because that's not really
what you did, right? Because I was going
to college.
you knew I was entrepreneurial, but I
think some people are about to get
married or have recently been married
and they've been very upfront about that
or any spouse that's already and has
been married to someone that's very
entrepreneurial. Just trying to be in
tune with what he or she needs. Like I
try to be supportive of you, but also
recognize like when it's more helpful

[22:01]
recognize like when it's more helpful
for you if I step back. Like I don't
need to micromanage you. So I don't need
to bombard you with questions like hey
how is this going to get paid or like
hey are you thinking about this or that
like I know that you are and so I can
give you the space to kind of worry
about the things that you are working on
because you have so many demands on you
from so many other people so I don't
want to add to that I don't know I don't
know what advice to give what advice
would you give a husband specifically to
be a good husband as a serial
entrepreneur
or or to give his wife reasons to trust
him. Yeah, that's a good one. I think
just validation like if your wife is
nervous about it, like recognize that
it's a scary thing and you're both going
into it together. So being respectful of
her and like how she's feeling about it
and if she's if she's scared, like talk
through it, re-evaluate, make those

[23:02]
through it, re-evaluate, make those
choices together. I feel like that's
something that we have done like I don't
you've never done anything behind my
back or like started anything that we
haven't talked about before which I
think is is huge. So communication I
guess is hugely important on both sides
for the entrepreneurial partner and the
supportive one. Like just talk about it.
Like if you're feeling
apprehensive, let them know. But yeah, I
think communication is key. What about
parenting as an entrepreneur? What
advice would you give parents or soon to
be parents that are entrepreneurial?
Because you're an entrepreneur. That
means you can't just leave your work at
work because your work you work from
home. Therefore, you can work all the
time. You can work as much as you want.
And because you love work, like you want
to work all the time, but it's important
to like compartmentalize. You've got to

[24:00]
to like compartmentalize. You've got to
break away from work. You've got to make
time for the family. You've got to make
time to connect with your spouse or
partner, but also with your children.
So, if your schedule is so busy that it
requires penciling in time to like spend
one-on-one time with a kid or make it to
an athletic event or whatever, like make
sure your family sees that you
prioritize that. Something that you'll
do is leave your laptop in the office
rather than carry it around the house
with you and work all hours of the day.
And that's a pretty recent development.
It is. It is. or like no cell phones at
the dinner table. Like there are so many
things to help you disconnect from work
and be more present with your family.
And I think that that could go for
anyone working working any job. Like
make time for your family. They will see
it. It's really hot. So video is cool,
but you know what's better? Long form
audio via podcast and my newsletter.

[25:02]
audio via podcast and my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week,
stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. What were the seasons of our
marriage where I was the least present?
The most present was Houston and 50 and
60. We moved to Houston for 6 months for
my daughter's lung transplant and I
worked from home and it was amazing. It
was. And the business was doing well and
I worked remotely of course. We went on
walks and Yeah. And then and then we
took the whole summer to see all 50
states and we got like a T-Mobile
hotspot hotspot so he could work while
we were driving but it wasn't ideal. So
not a lot of work happened then but we
got lots of time with him and that was a
that was a really great time in our
lives. As far as being the least
present, I have a hard time pinpointing
that. I think it's more I'm more often

[26:02]
that. I think it's more I'm more often
mentally not present than physically
because I don't miss any sports stuff. I
rarely miss dinner. I don't travel much.
Evenings, you know, we do all the sports
and church stuff, but but it's easy for
you to sneak off to your office, too, if
we're if there's a lull. If everyone's
kind of doing their own thing, which I
mean, I'm not going to fault you for.
From on a scale of 1 to 10, how good do
you think I am at compartmentalizing
stressful things at work?
[Laughter]
You can be honest. Maybe like a six. If
I don't like your answer, I'll just edit
it out. You said a nine. Yeah, I said a
six. I think you're good at like not
burdening me with whatever it is that's
bothering you. But just because you're
not telling me what it is doesn't mean I
don't know that something's going on.
It's pretty obvious. Yeah. Yeah. I
struggle with that because I feel like
people that are really good at this is
maybe it's just a copout, but people
that are really good at
compartmentalizing are like psychopaths.

[27:00]
compartmentalizing are like psychopaths.
Like two faced like how do you just put
that terrible stressful thing aside and
just smile and like cook the spaghetti
like without a care in the world? Like
does that make sense? Yeah. Is that just
a copout? Like I just have a hard time
especially if it's really stressful. I
have a hard time just forgetting about
that right when I step out of the
office. No. And I get that. And
sometimes I just wonder if it would be
more helpful to like verbalize what
you're feeling to get it out in the air
so I know what's bothering you because
there are times when it's like, "Oh, I
wonder I wonder if I did something that
annoyed him today or like I wonder if
the kids are getting on his nerves." But
more often than not, it's something
workrelated. But if you don't say that,
I don't like talking about it. Yeah.
Just for everyone listening, Jesse knows
that. Yeah, this could be wrong, but in
my head when I talk about it, it
stresses me out more. Like it bubbles up
even though I'm already thinking about
it, like verbalizing it makes it more

[28:00]
it, like verbalizing it makes it more
tangible, more real. Whereas it that
could be like a momentary pain to like
talk through it. Yeah. You know what I'm
saying? Like a if I face some more
short-term pain, it might be more
long-term painless. Right. And that's
where I'm coming from. But I know
everyone handles things differently.
Well, and you have a time If you ever
seen the other guys, Jesse goes bad cop
bad cop a lot. I'll be complaining about
something or something really stressful
and she just like immediately gets on my
side of the table as a supportive wife.
It's like, "What? They did that? Oh my
gosh." And that like amps me up even
more and I'm like, "Okay, we're not
talking about this. I'm stressed. They
don't do that."
Yeah. What about getting kids involved
with the business? How do you feel about
that? I think it'd be great. I know we
have talked about for our kids, we want
them to at least do a freshman year of
college and then serve a mission for the
church and then after that they can
decide like do they want to finish
college or do they want to start a

[29:01]
college or do they want to start a
business with you and it's like if they
can have more entrepreneurial experience
in their youth like let's do that. Let's
give them opportunities to try it and
see how it fits and if it's something
they want to explore more later. It's
funny because we're you're
entrepreneurial as well. We're both very
entrepreneurial, but we've never
approached parenting from the
perspective of our kids going to start
businesses. School system is broken.
Like we believe that the school system
is broken like to a large extent like
collegiate, undergraduate level and K
through 12. But it's just such an
important cultural experience at any age
to go through the normal schooling
experience. I think we both value that
greatly and we want them to see both
sides of the coin. Yeah. I remember when
the farmers market was first announced,
Chris's first reaction was we need to
have a family business. And that family
business quickly turned into me having a
bakery from
home. So, which was fun. And I ran that

[30:02]
home. So, which was fun. And I ran that
for almost five years. I'll still do
orders here and there, but I don't think
it was the entrepreneurial experience
that you were hoping that the whole
family would get. You could have quit at
any time. I could have. I I did when I
wanted to. This is a similar question to
what I already asked, but if you could
go back in time and you saw the entire
future, all the businesses, stresses,
pains, and you could change any of it,
what would you have changed, if
anything? Second question, what mindset
would you have had if different than
what you already had? Well, I think my
mindset would be a little bit more
laidback, like don't sweat the small
stuff, cuz I mean at the time they felt
huge, like the big setbacks or or trials
that we had, but in the big picture,
like they were all just stepping stones
to something else. So, I think that
would have helped me have a little bit
more of a laid-back attitude, but also

[31:00]
more of a laid-back attitude, but also
like when things were good, I would have
known, oh, this is this is a little more
temporary, so let's let's throw a little
bit more in savings cuz that might come
in handy later. So, not being as upset
by the setbacks, but also like
recognizing that the
prosperity was great, but short-lived
and we could be more prepared for later.
Yeah. One thing that I've noticed is
like like when we saw 50 states in 60
days. Yeah. And I was like in the back
of my mind it was like emails, emails,
calls, they're not going anywhere. Yeah.
like they're just not like it was the
best two months of my life and I don't
remember the email that got answered two
days later than it should have gotten
answered. Like everything just it always
just works out. And so if everything's
just going to work out, then do the core
things as a family that will make the
best memories for your kids. Like
because it's all just going to work out.
It's always just going to work out. Just

[32:00]
It's always just going to work out. Just
not maybe not on the time frame, maybe
not at the scale you had in mind, but if
you just keep pushing forward,
everything falls into place. Yeah. Yeah.
As long as you keep working toward it, I
don't think I don't think your advice is
giving anyone license to just give up or
like forget about what they're working
on or just push it off forever, but just
having a better perspective about it.
What are some things we do to keep a
strong marriage? We have our date
nights. We go on dates every Saturday.
Mostly mostly every Saturday. And that's
big. I'm learning that not all couples
go to bed at the same time. Like we have
couple friends who it's like the husband
goes to bed at like a a reasonable time,
but the wife like stays up and does all
sorts of other little things and doesn't
go to bed until later or vice versa.
It's like I think that little time that
we get before we fall asleep, just like
going over our day or talking about the
next day or just whatever, like I think

[33:01]
next day or just whatever, like I think
that connection on a daily basis is
really healthy and and helpful for our
relationship. It's funny because in in a
lot of ways we're so similar,
but then on paper we're complete
opposites. You're an extrovert, a pure
extrovert. I'm a pure introvert, but
then we just naturally see eye to eye on
religious, political, familial things.
Any thoughts on that? No, I love it.
It's It's great. And I mean, there have
been times when we've had slightly
different opinions. You know, I wanted
our kids to go to Alabama for college
and you're like, "No, it's got to be
BYU." And it's like, we both strongly
felt the way that we did, but we talked
through it and listened and I don't
know. I think we can work through
conflict easily because we are both
pretty levelheaded and middle of the
road and we're really tight. We're
pretty tight.

[34:00]
Where do you see us in 5, 10 or 15
years? Oh gosh. Well, in five years, our
second child will be
graduating, which is crazy. So, I see us
here whether in this house or in a
neighborhood in the area. I'm not sure,
but pretty much doing similar things to
what we're doing right now. Probably
have a kid on a mission, which is crazy.
Hopefully. Yeah. So, that's 5 years. 10
years we'll be empty nesters. And that's
crazy. That's weird. That's really
weird. I see us having a place in the
mountains that we can go to and hike and
chill.
Do you think that me making content has
changed the dynamic of our family or our
marriage or anything or is it just a
different business? Yeah, I think it's
just a different business. It's funny
that it like is a type of business that
the kids get recognized for. Not
necessarily for being in your videos,
but their peers see you on their for you

[35:02]
but their peers see you on their for you
pages and things like that. And that's
kind of a funny a funny thing. Not in a
bad way, not in a good way. It's just It
just is. Did you ever see me doing
content like this?
No. But you have been taking videos of
yourself as long as the iPhone's been
around for friends and family. For
friends and family. Yes. It's funny
videos mostly. Yes. Yes. Not the most
attractive or Yeah. It's It's been part
of who you are for a long time. So it
makes sense that you're doing it on this
scale now. Now I just hit publish. Now
you just hit publish. The whole world
gets to see. So lucky
them. Any other advice or thoughts that
you'd want to give people listening? I
do feel like it has been an adventure,
which is great because I love adventures
and so do you. But it's definitely had

[36:01]
and so do you. But it's definitely had
highs and lows. But overall, like I just
feel like this has been the right path
for our family. Like I just feel like
it's brought the most fulfillment for
you and your career and that's what kind
of fuels the rest of the family. So do
you think that's detracted from your
fulfillment at all? No, because I know
I've been able to do whatever I want to
do, too. You don't have to work. I don't
have to, but I can if I want to. Like
I've been able to have my little baking
side hustle and I've been able to be a
realtor a couple times now, but I also
have the freedom to like volunteer at
the school or have lunch with my friends
or you know like it's been it's been a
really great a really great journey. Do
you think our friends think we're crazy?
Yeah. Yeah. But not just for the
business part just everything. It's cuz
we go hard on all the things. So
well thank you for joining me on the

[37:03]
well thank you for joining me on the
kerner office. What are your hopes and
business dreams for the future
irrespective of me? What are your
business goals? Do you still want to
teach Latin?
[Laughter]
Okay. No, that was that was an idea.
What else? What other ideas? I wanted to
be a flight attendant. Remodel homes. I
don't know. Yeah, we want interior
design. Yep. flip houses. I don't know.
I don't have a burning desire to do any
of those at the moment. When do you
think I'll stop doing contact? When you
get bored. I don't think it's boring for
you right now. I think it's a lot of
fun. So, as long as you're having fun, I
I don't see why you would stop. Maybe
until I get sick of all the
notifications. Maybe messages and
dopamine and
Yeah, everyone hates dopamine. Wow. Too
much of anything is bad. It's true. It's
true. Thank you for joining me on the

[38:00]
true. Thank you for joining me on the
corner office. You know, this is named
after our last name. What? It's like a
play on the a corner office. No way. I
wondered why the E was there. Yep. Oh,
cool. Yep.