[00:00]
the quilting capital of the world. We
have 16 quilt shops in town, restaurant,
hotel stop. We've created a Disneyland
for quilters. Everyone ignores those
tiny towns. Somebody make the baking
version. Somebody make the woodworking
version. All of these need somebody to
say, "This is my spot. If you're into
this, too, come here. There's 10,000
small towns that would all respond to
this." Content really was the thing that
made it big. So, it's $6 per issue and
tens of thousands of subscribers. Yeah,
dude. It kills it. It's like several
million dollars a year just repurposing
my YouTube. You don't have to ask
permission. You can just do things. Just
go build cool stuff.
So, picture this for a minute. You've
got a mom that loves quilting. You say
to her, "Mom, this YouTube thing is kind
of cool. What if we put up a camera,
filmed you quilting, and put it on
YouTube. Flash forward 10 years, and you
own a town in Missouri, all based on
that quilting empire that all started
with that one YouTube video." That's
what happened to Alone and his family. I
met Al at a conference and I loved him
immediately. He's got a lot of energy, a
lot of good business ideas, and one of

[01:01]
lot of good business ideas, and one of
the most amazing stories I've ever come
across. He owns the Missouri Star Quilt
Company, which is supported by 16
different quilt shops in this tiny town
of Missouri. He's got Airbnbs,
restaurants, hotels, e-commerce site,
YouTube channels. If he has a business
idea around quilting, he's going to
launch it. And so, I wanted him to come
on and ask him what his story was and
what business ideas he has in any niche.
A lot of his ideas center around things
you could start in tiny tiny small
towns. Believe it or not, 97% of the US
is considered rural. 46 million
Americans live in towns of under 25,000
people. And there's a ton of business
opportunity in small towns. So, we get
into that at the end. You're going to
love Al. He was on another podcast. It
was one of the most popular ever, so I
knew I had to have him on mine. And he's
probably going to come on again. Please
share with a friend and enjoy. All
right, Al, tell us who you are. What's
up, everybody? I'm Al Don of the
Missouri Star Quilt Company fame located
just north of Kansas City in a beautiful

[02:00]
just north of Kansas City in a beautiful
beautiful uh town of Hamilton, Missouri.
Also, I have a very deep resonant voice.
So, ladies, you're welcome. And uh I
lost my voice as a 40-year-old grown-up
uh singing at an Italian restaurant in
Mexico City, which is the best way to
lose your voice. So, here I am in all of
my deep, resonant tones. Okay. How many
people live in Hamilton, Missouri?
Population
1,500. And our claim to fame before
this, uh, JC Penney, the failed bankrupt
retailer, was born in a farmhouse
outside of here. He didn't start his
company here. That was in Wyoming. And,
uh, really didn't care about this place
very much. And then uh the city tore
down the train depot in the center of
town to move his boyhood home, one one
room boyhood home into the center of
town and memorialize this town to him. I
think it's done. Wow. But so then comes
me, the quilting capital of the world.

[03:01]
me, the quilting capital of the world.
It's what I decided to turn it into. Uh
we have 16 quilt shops in town and uh
restaurant and hotel style. like we've
we've created a Disneyland for quilters
and that's what we've turned Hamilton
into now through our work at the
Missouri Star Quilt Company. Okay, I
already know I'm going to have so many
questions. So, let's go. Let's start. 16
quilt shops. Do you own 100% of all of
those or what what does the structure of
those look like? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
we were a small town, right? Nobody was
ever there was never a reason to stop
here. It's a little town in the in the
middle of a cornfield in the middle of
nowhere. And uh and so we started with
one quilt shop and grew that. And the
problem we had is nobody cared about
this. No. Like there's 3,000 quilt shops
in America. And like we were 30,0001 to
zero fanfare. So we launched the website
quiltersdailydeal.com. I was trying to
rip off steep and sheep and woo.com. I
thought I thought those models were fun
but aimed at 20-year-olds. And I said,
"What if I build one of those aimed at

[04:01]
"What if I build one of those aimed at
my mom? I bet I bet she has money, much
more money than I did." And it was true.
We built a website and then the Missouri
Star Quilt Company had its own website
and uh and we were doing a great job
there and we had this little quilt shop.
Well, we didn't have a warehouse. We're
just shipping the inventory out of our
retail location. And as we grew that,
the idea was like, oh, well, now we
filled this building. We need to open a
second building. We can either open a
warehouse or we'll open another quilt
shop. And so, we kept opening quilt
shops. And then I I had this I've got
like a marketer's brain and I was like
who has the most quilt shops of any town
in the world? Some place in Germany. I
think there was like four quilt shops in
a town and I said I'm going to murder
these ladies. And uh I opened 10 quilt
shops in our town. We we just kept
going. So we did them by theme. It's
like the boutique fabrics and the kids
fabric and the baby fabric and the
novelty fabric and the solids and the
florals and the reproductions and the,
you know, seasonal and the wide fabrics

[05:01]
you know, seasonal and the wide fabrics
and the modern. You know, there's like
all these different themes. So, we built
these stores as sort of monuments to
this theme of fabric. That physical
manifestation of our brand and of our
shopping experience is what we try and
and uh build the online experience off
of. And because selling fabric on the
internet is very hard to do. You have to
you have to be very thoughtful about
like people their desire is to touch it
and feel it and uh and sort of
experience it and like what's the hand
they'll say what's what's the feel and I
can't give them that. So I have to try
and give them as much of the experience
as I can so they trust that buying
experience. And so now it's funny. So
now we actually do have a couple of
shops where like we just opened one
called the fabric market and this is you
know anybody else couldn't have done
this shop because it's strictly like a
like a love letter to quilters and what
we did is we went and built a butcher a
butcher shop and turned it into a fabric
store. So, you buy your fabric by the
pound from behind the counter and they
put it they put it on the paper and wrap

[06:01]
put it they put it on the paper and wrap
it up with a string and there's a bunch
of like novelty stuff and you're you
know the old like rock candy jars and
stuff. All that's filled with buttons
and notions and needles and all that
stuff. And so you go in and it's like
the coolest shopping experience anybody
ever imagined around fabric. Um, but
again, as a standalone shop, I don't
think it would exist anywhere, but as
cool shop number 16 where we're just
trying to build like you go to
Disneyland, dude. I My favorite part
about Disneyland was when I got into the
Star Wars village and they were doing
the droid making and you have all the
stuff moving around and it was just like
the coolest shopping experience. You
wanted to do it. It was sort of this
great thing that you got when you went
there and uh and you got to customize
and make your own thing. And I was like,
that's what I'm trying to give my mom's
demographic, right? Like everybody will
build that for a hot 30-year-old like
myself for whatever. But uh but who's
building it for like our moms and uh
they're the biggest consumer? Like
largely they're ignored in the retail

[07:01]
largely they're ignored in the retail
space. Quick question. What if there
were a private community out there of
people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
owners and it's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner, but you give them
0% equity. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
And so diving in and just saying, I'm

[08:01]
And so diving in and just saying, I'm
going to build the coolest experiences I
can around retail for these people that
that are so full of love and so full of
of excitement, enthusiasm, and when you
do it, man, they just like the love
pours out of these people. They're so
glad to be thought of and taken care of.
So, we get to do that in this town of 16
quilt shops. And uh you know the the
hotel experience is it's a retreat
center sleeps 40 people and uh and so
you come with your girlfriends and stuff
and you'll come and rent out a big chunk
of it. You all sleep there and make
quilts for 3 days and then go home. But
again like think about what else is your
mom so excited to go and do for a couple
of days. Like she's not looking forward
to anything. Maybe a cruise someday, but
like something that's just for her.
There's not a lot. And so us building
this thing and saying, "Hey, it's like
it's quilt camp. come to quilt camp,
you're gonna go away for a week, get
together with the girls. Every year you
do this and you come and have a great
time. Like, do that. And just building
those experiences for people, man, we
we've had a blast doing it. It's been
great. So, let me see if I if I got this

[09:01]
great. So, let me see if I if I got this
straight. You you opened one quilt shop.
Yeah. And then you opened the Daily Deal
site, right? Y and that just kind of
took off. And I want to get into that.
No. No. Well, so it so it really it
really didn't. So, the Daily Deal was
funny because I like this was 2009. I've
still I' I went back and looked at the
Facebook post like it's memories. It
showed me my post from 2009. It's like,
"Hey everybody, I made a quilt shop for
my mom. Check it out." It's got like two
likes, right? Like nobody cares. We put
it up online and nobody came. Zero
people. Cuz you launch a website and
nobody know like nothing happens. And so
we're we're waiting and I'm writing dude
like the woo.com version where they had
the weird story and stuff the whole
thing. I was writing these most bizarre
off-the-wall stories about like I'd be
like and then I went to Treasure Island
and my buddy Pinocchio got turned into a
donkey and I got swallowed by a whale
and I got pooped out and jumbo rick rack
on sale for 3.95 a year and like like I
was my creative writing skills were just
taking us in a much different direction

[10:00]
taking us in a much different direction
than what my mom would like to read. we
have somebody much better at it doing it
now. And uh but like in the beginning we
do this and I do all this work and you
put it up at midnight and nobody cared.
And so then we got three weeks in we got
one sale from my cousin Jennifer. She
was very sweet. And uh and then and then
we got like one every now and then we
get one or two. And then one day, dude,
I I fat fingered my price. It was the
crazy eights charm pack and it was
supposed to be $3.88 88 because we
bought it for like $4 and uh it was
accidentally 88 and uh and we went on
and we sold 11 of them and it was like
dude I have a video of me high five like
we're jumping and like can't believe we
got eight sales and you lost you lost
money but you had 11 sales it was it was
11 sales at 88 cents plus $5 in shipping
so my cost on that was $4 plus $2 to
ship and they were paying almost $6 and
most of the people bought another thing
and I was like whoa loss leader like I I
I stumbled upon a loss leader and

[11:00]
I stumbled upon a loss leader and
discovered what that meant was like this
works. And so that changed the whole
dynamic of our business. We got the 11
from there. And then the other thing
that we started doing is I started like
YouTube was only a year and a half old
at that point. Uh you know, YouTube
started in 2006 and like 2008 we started
this quilt shop. And so I started
recording videos uh on a Canon digital
elf where I would like manually zoom,
right? Like I'm holding I'm like the
early ones you can hear me whispering
like mom take your hand I could see
you're like doing that kind of stuff.
You zoom by bending your elbows. That's
right. That's right. And uh and I was
editing on on Windows Movie Maker while
I was out consulting. You know I'd fly
to Pittsburgh and consult and then at
night in the hotel room I'm editing
quilting videos and uh and didn't
understand the algorithm or anything at
that point. We'd just upload like five
of them in a day and then a ton of
people would come to the site and then
it would all die down. We're like all
right. Then we started posting them once
a week. They'd go out on Fridays and
we'd get a big surge in traffic and that
started growing our list. And we grew a
a newsletter and an audience around

[12:01]
a newsletter and an audience around
that. And the newsletter, dude, not even
joking, we had like 60 almost 70% open
rates on our on our newsletter that
because we'd send it once a week, it was
super high quality. And it always led
with the content that was free and a big
value to our quilters. And again,
remember, nobody was making cool content
for these people. And so I was one of
the very early ones saying,"I don't care
about video games or, you know, hot
20-year-olds traveling to Miami. I just
want to talk to you." And uh we made
this great content forum and spoke to
them as humans and it it worked out
great. They loved us. So would the Daily
Deal site even have been possible
without your YouTube channel? It went
without the YouTube channel for a little
bit. It wouldn't have I mean it wouldn't
been anything though in the beginning to
2009 when you launched a website.
Literally what what we did is we I I was
replying to blog posts in comments and
replying to comments on discuss and like
live nation I think was a comment
engine. I was just like, "Oh, that's so

[13:00]
engine. I was just like, "Oh, that's so
cool. I saw this other great blog over
here at Missouri Star, you know, like
that." And people would ban you and
you'd get you get shut down like you do
eight of them and they just they know
you're spamming. We went on like Kijiji
and Craigslist and tried to like respond
to stuff there. Oh, that's so cool. have
you thought about listing that? You
know, like like trying to do that and
again you're just getting you're just
getting blocked and like dude the my
marketing brain back then I was like I
don't know how to get this in front of a
bunch of people. We're in the Yahoo
directory and what else you know like
where else do you go and uh social media
wasn't really a thing. You just had your
wall that you post on. I don't even
think the friend feed was up yet or the
news feed. Maybe it probably was, but
like but like it wasn't get like we
couldn't just talk about the business
anywhere realistically. And so the uh
the YouTube channel ended up being the
only marketable thing that we really had
because otherwise we're just on sale
today. And and in quilting we don't have
enough SKs to on sale today a ton of
stuff. Now we do because we're big, but
like at the time, man, you only you

[14:01]
like at the time, man, you only you
didn't even have 30 products. Like to to
put one on a deep discount every day
would have killed us. Yeah. we had to be
real creative with it and the content
really was what became the thing that
made it big. So I guess yes it wouldn't
have existed but also like it it
definitely did exist without it. It just
wasn't anything interesting. And this
was also during the early days of
Groupon and Living Social too. So like
the the consumers were starting to
behave in a way that really benefited
this site, right? Yeah. Well, it's funny
now because I feel like I feel like the
the deal sites have sort of fallen out
of favor, right? It's still a big leader
for us because it's such a part of our
brand and things, but like but like I
noticed for myself, I don't care what's
on sale at if I don't if I'm not
shopping for a uh a set of kitchen wear.
I don't care that one's half off, you
know? Like I'm not driven by that
anymore. Where the earlier days of the
internet, the novelty was just the the
fact that something would be on sale for
so much. How could this even exist? Um
was so exciting. But I feel like a lot
of that has shifted now. If I understand

[15:01]
of that has shifted now. If I understand
it correctly, you opened the first quilt
shop and then you started growing and
you really needed more warehouse space.
Quote, warehouse space, but because of
the fact that you're in small town, the
price per square foot of a retail spot
versus a warehouse spot is kind of about
the same. So, if we're going to fulfill
online orders, why not do it in a retail
spot? Is that kind of what you were
thinking? Yeah. Well, that that Yes. Uh
there were no warehouses to buy, so I so
I could only buy these other retail
buildings. But also, I thought I
invented this, and I don't think I did,
but the retail warehouse, right? Where
like because they're fulfilling from
stores, it didn't matter that I was out
in the middle of nowhere. What I didn't
want was for customers to drive all the
way out, get here, and walk into my
beautiful store and have nobody be here
and very low energy and some lady doing
a crosswork, right? Like, that wasn't
the experience I was trying to give. And
so, what I what I was trying to get out
of them is like, let's be fulfilling or
so. So, they're cutting and they're
moving. I got 12 employees all buzzing
around and you open the door in this
tiny town. You say, "What is this?" You
guys, you guys are crushing it. Yeah,

[16:01]
guys, you guys are crushing it. Yeah,
you're doing something and this is
great. And I'm immediately energized by
what you're doing. And so that was that
was a lot of the intent was was I was
manufacturing the energy, right? And
trying to trying to create that momentum
that uh was kind of hard to do. I've
heard of restaurants doing this, like
restaurants that are slow. They'll go
rent like supercars and park them out
front or they'll like they'll do
something to generate people outside the
front door or inside and it's all kind
of manufactured but it it sends a signal
that hey this place is cool this place
is interesting. Yeah. Yeah. You were
doing that before. It was cool. 100%
man. Okay. So what were the big
inflection points along the way? Like
zero to one stores one to multiple. When
did you really feel like we kind of own
this town?
The big moments happened one when we
built our warehouse. I think that was a
big one for me. We had to do an SBA loan
and the whole thing and it was a it was
like not easy to do. We had to work

[17:01]
like not easy to do. We had to work
really hard at it in order to get that
to pull off. It was a disaster, an
absolute disaster, but like we mainly
because like I tried to do a lot of the
stuff myself. I don't know if you've
ever run into into any of that. I was
like, "Pallet racking? You're going to
charge me $10,000 to do pallet racking?
That's some bull crap, dude. I can do
that myself." And uh and turns out it's
actually like, I don't know, that's
that's pretty uh pretty good value to
spend that to get the pallet racking
done. And uh and then I was like, "Oh, I
need to run computers and stuff. Oh,
this a disaster, dude. I can't run a
network for 100 computers and like pull
all my own cable." Like I I screwed a
bunch of that up. So, it wasn't easy.
But uh but when we launched that, that's
when I was like I was like, "Dude,
there's something magic here." Like I'm
doing a I'm doing a really good job. And
we moved out of our existing stuff,
moved out there, and like I had real
warehouse employees. That was a big deal
for us. The other part was we bought our
our old hardware store, and our old

[18:00]
our old hardware store, and our old
hardware store was sort of a a beacon in
town, but it was it was one of those
that like the guy wanted to sell it. He
didn't want to be there anymore, which
is fine. And uh and sorry, I'm actually
You'll have to edit this out. I'm buying
my wife's birthday present as we're
doing this. I'm so sorry. Now that I
know you're buying your wife's birthday
present. I'm not editing it out cuz
that's hilarious.
I'm like trying I'm trying to check out.
They're asking so many questions. So my
wife loves this girl on uh Instagram,
Bioni, what's her name? Brioni Mashin.
She's over in the UK and uh dude, she's
rad and so she does these uh these uh
workshops on like mosaic stuff, right?
Yeah, I'm looking at it now. It's It's
cool. And I dude, all my DM I've DM'd
her like 10 times. I'm like, "Please let
me distribute your stuff in the States.
Your stuff is amazing. I think you're
awesome. Let me do your stuff." And uh
she's not. She's just this little shop
and most of her stuff is in like
workshops and stuff. And so uh so this
is my big surprise. Dude, I I spend all

[19:00]
is my big surprise. Dude, I I spend all
year just trying to find like something
I think my wife might jam on. Uh and
then I'm like, I'm getting this. I'm
gonna send her over to to London to do
this thing. We've got Mother's Day on
Sunday. I don't have anything yet. Oh,
dude. Here's my mood for that. So, every
year I buy my I my kids buy they don't
buy this. I buy them a uh like matching
suits or last year was a chef costume,
you know, and like like so we'll do
we'll do suits this year or something
and then they'll make breakfast in bed
and it's Dude, they're cute. They're six
and four. These kids rolling in there.
Mom's going to love it. It's going to be
great. That's my my hack for Mother's
Day. It's just a dress up in a little
breakfast in bed and we're golden. Okay,
dress up is key. Sorry. So, I got
distracted. But the big inflection
points, we bought this this hardware
store and turned that into like it was
J. C. Penneyy's 500th store and uh and
so like town loved it. We were able to
restore a bunch. We get some old penny
memorabilia put in there and then uh
made it into a thing. And with that, we
ended up owning an entire city block in
addition to our main couple of stores. I

[20:01]
addition to our main couple of stores. I
was like, "Oh, cool." And then we built
uh there the first building or the
second building that we bought had a big
vacant lot next to it. We ended up
turning that into I was watching a bunch
of like pedestrian flow TED talks on
YouTube and I was like, we just have a
big Broadway. It's like one big straight
road and I would kill for one of those
cool like courthouse towns that has the
square around it. It's so so easy to
build the center of town around that.
But like we had this big just strip and
so like I had to build a square for
people to gather and so I set it back
like 50 ft from the road and put a
little plaza there and let people so now
they know where to park when they come
to town they see that it's the center.
We did the restaurants there and so like
once I started building sidewalks and
putting in my own light post and crap
like I was like all right we've done a
thing. This is a big moment. The other
one the other one that was a big one for
us man was like probably 20 million a
year. I I' I've actually I've got this
chart I can share with you that my HR
guy gave me, a buddy of mine that um
consulted and worked with us for a
little bit, but there's like deliberate

[21:01]
little bit, but there's like deliberate
inflection points where it's like 1 to
10 employees, then you have to recreate
all the processes. Then at 28 employees,
you everything breaks. You have to
recreate the processes. 75 employees,
12, you know, like as it keeps going,
whether you're a service industry or a
or a software business, they each have
very predictable moments of both revenue
and employee counts where everything
breaks. It's funny, man, because like
it's hard to be on top of that because
you like for me, I build I built this
warehouse picking solution and it worked
great for when me and and Christy were
in there picking away and then all of a
sudden you have 20 people using the same
dumb process that I built and like to
raise your hand and say this process is
broken. I am going to declare it broken
and going to recreate it and think
through what's the right way to do this
for 20 people. Well, you can do that.
Anybody can do that. But it takes a lot
of sort of intellectual honesty to break
things that aren't broken, especially
when you're running at break neck speed
trying to just get the new things out.
And so to go look back at your process
and be like, "This isn't serving us
anymore. I've got to fix this." Um, is

[22:02]
anymore. I've got to fix this." Um, is
really exhausting and very hard talent
to build, but it it was one that we
we've had to get good at because man,
you you end up growing so fast and move,
you know, you move at those inflection
points. If you don't voluntarily crack
that bone and and refuse it, it's going
to come back to get you. So those were
the other ones. What percentage of
Hamilton do you own today? Whether
buildings or businesses or When I say I
own it, I I own the downtown district.
In our downtown district of the retail
shops, I own all but two stores. And so
so there's probably 20ish buildings and
we have like 18 of them, maybe a little
more. And then we have the theater. We
have an old library that we turned into
a studio. Like you got all we have all
the things around. But uh yeah, when you
when you drive through town, most of it
is us. And most of that stuff, man,
these small towns, our buildings always
swapped hands for like 20 grand. It's
just an old almost going to fall down.
You buy it for 20 grand. You have to put
100 grand into the brick so that it'll
stand for another 100 years and like

[23:00]
stand for another 100 years and like
like tuck point all that stuff and get
everything standing straight. And then
you got to like fix the inside, which we
just did like a shell. So a big drywall
shell with new electrical and water and
plumbing and all this stuff. And then
you've got a retail shop that's going to
stand for another hundred years. Whether
my company goes out of business or not,
this this town is better off for it,
which I love. We're in each one probably
close to like two 300 grand, right? But
like in in whatever small town you're
in, it doesn't like it's funny, man.
Some of these places, if you're an hour
away from an airport, not in like a
national park, it's cheap. It's super
cheap. Nobody quite knows what to do
with it. The town's lost its identity.
It doesn't really know what to do with
itself. And like, does anybody want to
start a business on Main Street? We had
we had a Casey's gas station and a
Subway sandwich shop. That was it. And
nobody else like there wasn't a reason
for anybody else to start a business
here because nobody was walking up and
down Main Street. So why would they? And
so when you're creating that from
nothing, I love like every e-commerce
brand I think should have as an homage
to its community. Like start a little
shop, put a thing in and then put your

[24:01]
shop, put a thing in and then put your
office in the back or something, right?
like put a representation, some physical
manifestation of your brand on Main
Streets that you're contributing
something and giving a little tax
revenue or something to the area. Like I
think that's kind of important. I'm a
big advocate of that. So here's how this
works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. Do you have any
numbers on like annual visitors to
Hamilton and how that's like a
like 50 just less than 150,000? And it's
cool because I mean because we run a
Shopify store, we know we know the zip
codes of everybody that comes through
and places a purchase. You get really
good data. Um and it's it's a bunch man.
What's crazy though is like Joel or not
Joann's um Waco Magnolia down in Waco.
She's doing like 60,000 a week. like
she's moving an odd 60,000 people a
week. Yeah, they move a ton of people

[25:01]
week. Yeah, they move a ton of people
through there. Again, I actually have
not looked at that number. That was told
to me, so I'm guessing, guys, I may be
wrong, but it's a number that I aspire
to, right? I'm like I'm like, great, we
can do it. But, uh, I mean, they've got
such a density of people with, you know,
an hour from Dallas and in Waco with a
bunch of, you know, like right near
Austin. It's it's easy to build the
destination for that, but it's actually
not a very interesting visit. It's a
shop, a bakery, and then they have a
restaurant a couple miles away. And so
like you park and go there. It's cool.
They built a cool experience. You walk
through trucks and then go into the big
store, but that's it, right? It was just
a line. I was just everything was just a
line. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Well,
you think about like, dude, if I could
turn my little town into something
great, do I deserve 10,000 people a week
to come through here? Is the bakery
incredible? Is the steakhouse awesome?
Is the Can I give a little bit of
something else, a little personality to
this town? Dude, I say all the time like
like when you're a hammer, everything's
a nail. My hammer is for sure you should
build a town, dude. I wish Nintendo had
a town. I'm a huge fan of Overwatch. I
play Overwatch on the Xbox a bunch cuz

[26:01]
play Overwatch on the Xbox a bunch cuz
I'm a child. I play it at night. Uh, you
know, before I go to bed, my wife reads
and I play and then we go to sleep. I'm
not a bad husband. It's all right. Sure.
But, uh, you Yeah. You know, but but
like if we'll edit that out. If that's
my if that's my thing,
why can't I go to their big physical
experience and do the stuff and dress up
as Yeah, you would like you're such a
fan. You would pay the and I'll go I'll
go spend a couple bucks and I'll eat at
the dumb cafe with a cookie that's
shaped like my favorite player and like
you you spend the things and you do it.
Yeah. Right. Lord of the Rings. Lord of
the Rings is funny because they have the
trail and they have little stuff down in
New Zealand but like still man some town
could just be like we are Lord of the
Ringsville and they would capture all of
that but you it takes any town could
just raise their hand and be that, you
know, right? That's right. Well, well,
it's funny cuz like cuz like my wife got
into beekeeping two years ago and I'm
like I immediately go where in America
there should be some town in Indiana
that I send you to for 2 weeks and
you're going to be an expert when you

[27:00]
you're going to be an expert when you
come home. You have all the gear and you
tried it on all the things. We had
twins. Dude, you should be able to go to
Lehi, Utah, to the twins capital of the
world and race baby strollers and try
out all 10 car seats and you're going to
spend $5,000 there because you're there
with an intent to buy. Or you should be
able to go to Wisconsin cuz you're into
cheese making and go to that county and
each town. One town is blue cheese and
one town is guda and one but like
there's this identity that's given to
these areas and it doesn't have to be
the entire town but you need a district
that is this thing. and you say, "We
embrace this identity. All you freaky
freaks, fly your freak flag here." And
because what you're creating is you're
creating a Comic-Con for that space.
We're like even quilting, dude. They're
they're hoarders at home. They come here
and they're connoisseurs and collectors
and people appreciate that they're
artists and quilters. And then they got
to go home to their kids who don't
understand what they do and just tell
them that they got a basement full of
fabric, but here they have an identity
that that's understood and appreciated.

[28:01]
that that's understood and appreciated.
You're doing that with, you know,
somebody make the baking version,
somebody make the woodworking version,
somebody make the like all of these need
somebody to say, "This is my spot. If
you're into this too, come here." Like,
dude, there there's a guy that he sells
fish tanks that I was talking to a year
ago and he's like, "Oh, we do a bunch of
fish and it's a mail or it's pretty
complicated. We do a bunch of it." I was
like, "Bro, fish town." Like it like
dude, have you talked to anybody that
runs like a seawater aquarium? They nerd
out. They're growing their coral and
they got their fishes, their whole
thing. And if you could walk into a
storefront that's 2,800 ft and it's just
coral and then one that's just whatever
fish and one that's just the the worms
and the eels and one that's near like
give a little identity to this stuff.
Your incentive is going to be through
the roof. As soon as that's your hobby,
you love it. And you got to hedge that
with your online sales because you
probably can't justify that expense at
the beginning. But dude, I'm telling
you, I'm I'm a couple billion media
impressions in on my story being told by

[29:00]
impressions in on my story being told by
media just saying, "Wait, you did what?
You built a quilt town. Hold on. Let me
put you on the front page of the Wall
Street Journal. Let me put you on CBS
Sunday Morning. Let me put you on NBC
Nightly News. Let me put you on NPR and
four." They're just begging for a story,
dude. They love to tell it because I did
something new and different and weird
and they've never told the story of Fish
Town and they've never told the story of
Cheese Town and they need stuff to write
about.
So, okay, my mind is like going crazy
right now. How I I love I love when I
find my fellow like small business
nerds, dudes. I'm just like we can just
riff for days. Yes. How many visitors
was Hamilton getting 20 years ago before
any of this existed? There was not a
visitor. There wasn't a reason to stop.
Of the 150,000 a year, that's like 98%.
That's right. Missouri Star. Yeah.
Anybody else was stopping at the gas
station to get a slice of pizza and some
fuel? That was it. Do you have any data
on like how many dollars you capture on
average like across all of your entities

[30:01]
average like across all of your entities
from each visitor? I have like like
visitors to my that spend with me. I
know. Is that what you're asking? You're
talking like like economic impact they
go to the restaurant then they go to
shop number four shop number four. So I
don't have I don't have the economic
impact for the area. But it's funny man
because when you try and do anything
that's like the economic impact is
something that's that's a very real
number that people should care about.
You go to a small town like us with a
mayor and four alderman and you talk
about economic impact and they have no
idea what you mean. But it's every like
it's actually affecting their lives more
than any other town too. Right. our town
and I I have such a distaste working
with the government in our town because
uh their their position is they don't
like because we are successful they
don't want to do anything that might
risk us being more successful. So any
investment I try and make in the town
that's backwards. They refute. I know
it's so bad. They should worship you.
You would think like if I get called
into a town, let me call up the biggest
business guy and say, "Hey, how can we
work together to get a park in? How can

[31:01]
work together to get a park in? How can
we work together?" Like here's the
things the c that the community wants.
Do you want any of these also? Let's
work together. These small towns, they
don't have that. There's just it's just
a fear and like and uh and a sort of a
backwards thinking. I mean, they've
never done business. Most of them are
like employed bus drivers or jobless
bozos. And uh it's just frustrating.
It's frustrating. It's a frustrating
political environment to work in for me
out here. But like whatever I buy, I
just get to do what I want with and
we'll go build great experiences in
spite of the people that don't want you
to do it. You don't have to ask
permission. You can just do things. Just
go build cool stuff. You can I have a
t-shirt that says you can just do
things. So it's true. Where would
someone start? Like if they wanted to
start, let's say they were they have
nothing. they just have an extreme
interest like uh sourdough bread making
and they want to make a sourdough bread
town like what's step one. So I got into
this with a guy who wanted to build a
creator town outside of Austin and I was
like I don't think it'll work. I think

[32:01]
like I don't think it'll work. I think
well and actually there's this great
town out in Kansas Humble Kansas if you
ever get a chance to go through. It's
the the town company is they make all
the trailer hitches sold in America or
something, right? like it's it's uh
they've got a great business and they
built an incredible town. They have
beautiful gym. They bought all the
downtown and fixed them all up and they
have a French candy store and they have
a cool bar and a hipster coffee shop and
all this stuff. The idea was we'll build
this and we think people will come visit
and they didn't. They built it and no
kind of nobody cared. It's just a nice
town in the middle of nowhere that
nobody goes to. Um and so for us, we
built we built an audience, right?
Right. And we built a community and a
and a company and pulled people to it.
So if you were going to build a
sourdough a sourdough bread town, I
think you need to be a sourdough bread
company first or partner with one or
partner with one and and bring it here
and say we're going to do this for you,
right? like like uh you know, go go find
your local dairy and you could build
some amazing dairy experiences. Like

[33:01]
some amazing dairy experiences. Like
here's the milk store and the cheese
store and the and the milkshake store
and the ice cream store and the and they
all sourced to each other, but like we
created an experience in what could have
been a cute little gift shop. We created
an experience. You need to have the
company not depend on the success of
that retail shop in the beginning. Um
and then and then you you need some like
spaces that are undervalued, nobody
cares about. So go buy your one, but
plan on buying like your two or three
and have enough that you have like what
you want is you want to put on a
billboard the sourdough capital of the
Mountain West. The sourdough capital of,
you know, the Mid Well, like whatever.
It's it's enough that you get to own the
tagline cuz nobody's got three sourdough
stores in a town. That's crazy. Yeah.
And so now you do and you've got you've
got the one that's all the starters and
you've got the one that's all the
cutting boards and the knives and the
special things and like and like
presents and all that stuff. And then
your last one is going to be your

[34:00]
your last one is going to be your
finished products and you're going to
buy it's the bakery. It's the San
Francisco style bakery. It's going to
have all the stuff in it and it's a
delicious coffee shop and and you have
little baked treats but mainly it's the
bread that comes out of there and you
kill it. Now you got that three. And if
you're driving along the highway and you
see the billboard for the sourdough
capital of the whatever, will you turn
off and go there? Absolutely you will.
What did it cost you to get that? Well,
it was $20,000 a building plus whatever
you put into fixing them up that you've
now financed over 30 years. Your monthly
cost is $25,000, three grand, right?
It's it's nothing. And then you have
your retail experience that you build
your product in there and one maybe one
employee per or one employee and cut cut
holes in the wall and run it like a
fairway at a out of six flags and that
one person is going to move between if
the if the traffic is slow. But like now
you own the sourdough capital of the
world and that's that makes it onto the
website and that makes it into the and
and the content that you get as you're
telling that story to your audience. We
bought these shops. Oh, we're gutting

[35:00]
bought these shops. Oh, we're gutting
them. Me and the me and the team are in
here pulling this out. I'm thinking
about this. Here's some sketches I'm
going to share about what we're thinking
about. It grows and you're you're
producing this content that everybody
loves. Your audience continues to grow.
And then because you took your audience
with you, they want to come see the
finished product. They just got to come
and check it out and they want to give
you a hug because you did this amazing
thing. And you don't need 10 to start.
You need like you need three. You need
enough that it's interesting. Two shops
is fine, but like get three buildings
and give me three experiences in each
and like put the billboard up and say
come check this out. That's worth it,
dude. We'll pull off the road for the
best cinnamon roll in the world.
Absolutely. We'll pull off the world for
sourdough capital of the world if that's
your if that's your jam. You could teach
classes like artisan style baking. Your
wife's getting you're getting into
sourdough like and you're making bread.
It's doing a cool thing. Great. Well, we
offer a sourdough class on how to cut
the designs in. You're going to practice
on 10 loads of sourdough in a day. We're
going to teach you the thing, give you
the stencils. You're going to do that
and fill that up a couple times a week.
I I went to a cooking class down in

[36:00]
I I went to a cooking class down in
Kansas City. My wife got me one for
Christmas, which was awesome. Um, and
it's a it's a kitchen store that does
cooking classes in the back. And what
they do is you you pay to go there and
pretty much you hire a chef and he comes
and makes you the meal, but he demos it
as he does it. So, you're not you're not
actually cooking, but like, oh, and
you're doing this. Oh, wow. And he's
like he's it's just an interactive
experience, but it's a dinner. It got me
in their store. Everybody there spent
100 bucks on cookbooks and whatever
else. And uh and we sat and ate a good
meal and that was it. And but like they
sold out the tickets. They all sell out
because they do one a week. It was
killer. So if you're in the sourdough
place, right? Like do the sourdough like
have the experience and you can come
there like come and stay for a week in
our town and take sign up for the five
pack of classes. You're going to be
there every night. You're going to
you're going to come out of here and
you're just going to love Sour Done.
It's going to be amazing. It's going to
do a cool thing. And then you go and get
your local dairy to come and take the
other side of the street. And now you
this abandoned town that nobody cared
about. Well, now you have a real thing
and there's a reason to stop there.
reason to live there. You want to walk
up and down the street when you when you

[37:00]
up and down the street when you when you
get there and like it's it's it's a big
win and you've saved your little town.
Of all these businesses that you started
and opened in Hamilton, what have been
like the unexpected cash cows? Like
maybe not a standalone business, but
like a product line or something where
you thought it would do okay and it just
really took off? One we did, man. So
like we had a big audience that that we
were like that we were showing these
tutorials to, right? And uh and so we do
these weekly tutorials. We don't make
any money off of those specifically, but
it's building our audience. They they
have an affinity to Missouri Star. And
one thing that we did that was great was
we we started uh repurposing the
tutorials. We took the last 10 tutorials
and put them in the magazine. And so we
started a magazine, put the last 10
tutorials in there, and then shipped
that every every other month to people.
And we needed like 10,000 subscribers to
break even. Uh, we got that in the first
like five hours. Like it it was just
like, "Oh, we've got 10,000 subscribers.
Cool. We got 50,000 subscribers. Cool.

[38:00]
Cool. We got 50,000 subscribers. Cool.
We've got And what were you charging?"
So we we were charging like six bucks
cuz to print a magazine cost like 80.
And I was like I was like, "Geez, the
margins on this are great." Uh, and
where where most of those businesses
break down is they have ad sales teams
and all that stuff. I was like, "I don't
want to put any ads to this. This is
just going to be my product. It's going
to be my tutorials and I'm going to
editorialize this." this. And so it took
me a staff of three people. They make
it, they print it, and it goes out to
this big distribution list. And uh now I
think it's like seven or eight bucks
per. But uh but it's a great magazine
and it's just repurposing our existing
content. But that was one that I'm like
I'm like, "Holy crap, there's there's
demand for this. People love reading
it." It's sort of a like we get to tell
our story in there when we got we have a
bunch of products. We have like a broad
range of SKs, like 30,000 SKs in our
store sort of thing. And so you do a
tutorial and that can show one line of
fabric that's like 20 SKs. And then you
do four of those a week. Maybe we do
another set of tutorials. That's eight
in a month that you get out. Then you're
going to send some emails. So there's
still a problem with like getting to

[39:00]
still a problem with like getting to
show enough product. And so that then
the magazine comes out. That's another
10 collections times 20 products that
get to be shown and put in the front of
people's mind. Cuz the problem with any
of these larger businesses is like did
people see the new stuff that we brought
in? Did we do a good job surfacing that?
And that's uh that's that's always a
challenge. So, we built this magazine,
helped with that, made some good money
for us, does a great job amplifying our
message, and lets people subscribe and
be uh be loyal customers to us. That was
that was a surprising one that like I
didn't think there was a much as much
demand for that as there was. So, it's
$6 per issue, one issue per month. What?
Every other month. We do it every other
month. Yeah. Tens of thousands of
subscribers. Yeah, dude. It kills it. It
kills it. That's like several million
dollars a year just repurposing my
YouTube tutorial. You make a magazine.
No, your a magazine probably would work
for you. I'm thinking about it right
now. I'm thinking about a lot of things
right now. It's just a still from your
short and then like what you just got to
flip through it on the toilet. Are you
sick of looking at your phone? We'll

[40:00]
sick of looking at your phone? We'll
save some hours on there and and read
read my Tik Toks. Well, like people are
paying you to be sold to in a different
way, too. You're just selling more
products through it. Absolutely.
Absolutely. You answered that better
than I could have ever imagined. Yeah.
You know, it's what I Chris. Thank you.
I was sitting right here in my office
two hours ago talking to my cousin/
business partner and we've been talking
about like this home services business
idea where think Groupon plus Costco
plus home services. It's Costco in that
a homeowner could pay $20 a year. $20 a
year to be on like a like a deals list,
right? Okay. And then so that's what
makes it like Costco. You pay 20 bucks a
year. Therefore, every time a deal comes
up, you feel like you need to buy it
because you're paying for it. You're
paying a yearly membership. And then,
let's say you launch in a neighborhood,
you partner with a pressure washer. That
pressure washer says, "If I'm going to
do a driveway in that neighborhood, it's
350 bucks because I got to drive there,
drive back. But if I do 10 homes in that
neighborhood, it's 250 bucks because I

[41:01]
neighborhood, it's 250 bucks because I
can have economies of scale." So then
you as the middleman come in to all the
people on your list that have offered 20
bucks a year and say, "Hey, this week
only, let me let me give you my idea and
then we can merge the two." Right? So So
So did you know you're supposed to
reseal your grout every seven years? So
video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week, very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week,
stuff like this. You're gonna love it.
All free. No sleazy salesbitch.
tkopod.com. Okay. Did you know you're
supposed to according to the big grout
recealers drain your water heater every
year? Did you know you're like, "Oh,
you're saying you play into that fear.
There's so much. Your your fridge is
supposed to get a cleaning once every
two years, and your dishwasher is
supposed to get a filter replaced, and
your washing machine has parts that are
supposed to be updated." And the truth
is, none of us do any of that. There's
no update that happens. And I think that

[42:02]
no update that happens. And I think that
there's a great model of like a dude in
a truck that again goes and sells into a
neighborhood and says, "I'll do all of
it for you. You're going to sign up.
You're going to pay 200 bucks a month,
500 bucks a month, whatever it is, and
I'm going to come one day a quarter."
And you can even do the stuff where
like, "Did your light bulb go out?"
Well, shoot me a text and my great
Filipino assistant is going to be my
dispatcher and she's going to say, "Is
this urgent because we can come and fix
it right now or it can go on your list
of stuff to get fixed when we get
there." And uh and then it's just part
of the part of the fee. And so you
charge a little upcharge if you got to
come out right away or you do the one
day and like the one guy with a truck,
you could put let's say you're doing one
a day but you need like 20 days free and
you're 90 days and a quarter, right?
you're you're doing 60 70 homes. Call it
probably less than that. That's 60
homes, right? And you're 60 homes at
1,000 bucks or 500 bucks a month or
whatever whatever your 200 bucks a
month, whatever it ends up being. But
they're paying for the one day that
you're going to come there and do that

[43:01]
you're going to come there and do that
quarterly maintenance that needs to
happen. I love that because I think
there's a lot of people that know they
should the idea of like having a
maintenance person for your home. Your
wife can text the garage door opener is
broken. and you say I don't know how to
like I'm just go call a garage guy and
the fact that now you have a bunch of
approved subs you do the other thing as
you were telling your idea like what if
you charged more you charge like 200
bucks a month but in exchange for that
you get the the deal version of all your
filters delivered and taken care of and
the deal version of all like all the
normal maintenance stuff that you sign
up for you're going to go and negotiate
your economies of scale on a large scale
for like toilet paper all the homegoods
stuff that's going to be normal and then
you have this like exclusive price that
you have access to and all that gets
delivered to your door once a month you
come through and just make your
deliveries, right? Like there's some
version of that. Honestly, all three of
those are probably great ideas that I
would love to see somebody out there
doing. They'd be killer. Agreed. Yeah. I
just I just think it'd be interesting
cuz we probably all need our our

[44:01]
cuz we probably all need our our
driveway pressure washed, but we're not
going to do it. But if someone said,
"Hey, 150 bucks off today. You're
already paying for this. You're paying
for the the right to have this
discount." I'd say sure. Yeah. Well,
especially if you build a a cadence
where like the guy comes through once
every three months or once twice a year
he comes through then every time look
because you do the same with like the
car cleaner guy. There's the folks that
come and gas up your vehicles at home,
right? Like like if you got me a deal on
that and he's coming through once a week
and it's like, "Oh, sure. Yeah, top it
up. That's great." I love going and
negotiating with those guys on behalf of
your neighborhood to do a thing. I think
that's clever. I firmly think that like
neighborhoods are sort of an
underappreciated asset class of like of
like dude little bodeas should exist in
in like you know small Phoenix
subdivisions and like they should have a
little like they should have their own
little personality in a gathering place
and a spot and a coffee shop amongst 300

[45:00]
and a spot and a coffee shop amongst 300
homes out there that everybody can go to
that's not going into the city, you
know, like that's interesting. I think
there's room for all that stuff to start
to be a thing again. And somebody that's
like going and representing those
neighborhoods to get deals and get pe
people to come out and give services. I
think it's super clever. Agreed. We We
got to save that bodega idea cuz I want
to dedicate a whole
That's a good one. I Dude, I've got I've
actually drawn out the blueprint for
this. Well, I want to I want to do it. I
think about this stuff all the time in
like 300 person towns. I'm from a 1500
person town in the middle of nowhere,
right? if uh rebar is the thing that
disrupts the steel industry to to you
know shoot at Clayton Christensen and uh
you know I I keep thinking about what's
going to disrupt Dollar General you know
how do I create an experience that
doesn't even need an employee at all
that I can go and drop in a 300 person
town in the middle of nowhere that has
you know nothing but like they want to
be able to gather in a spot they want to
be able to go and buy diapers if they
need to in an emergency. How do I give
that bodega type experience to a small

[46:00]
that bodega type experience to a small
town? If you can crack the nut on that,
there's 10,000 small towns from
Wisconsin down to Alabama tomorrow that
would all respond to this. I love it.
Yeah, cuz Dollar General won't touch a
town under 3,000. I've seen them in
towns like a thousand and we have 1500.
They're in our town, right? So, they
they will they have a small footprint
concept that they do, but like they're
still constrained. I I would love to put
one in. I've got this little village
township thing that's not even really a
town. It's got a school and a little bit
of other stuff, but then it's like a
farm community. And I'm like, you could
never afford to have somebody standing
there all day waiting for somebody to
come in and get a sale. Yeah. So, if I
could if I could build the version of I
think this is why I reached out to you
last time was I was like, there's a
vending concept in here somehow that
like gives me a shopping experience and
lets a town be proud of what they got.
It's funny. In my in my warehouse,
right, I've got a uh I've got one of
those like graband go snack things. And
so, it's just all open. It's not a
vending machine. You just grab your
stuff, go to the thing, and it tells you
how much to pay and you swipe your card

[47:00]
how much to pay and you swipe your card
and go. And I'm like, I kind of want one
of those, but you have to key fob in.
You know, I want to know who's coming in
and opening the door, but then like go
shop like a normal human and don't don't
put it all behind glass. There's
something like that that I think starts
to be meaningful. Agreed. I really like
that idea.
Everyone ignores those tiny towns,
especially if they haven't lived up near
one or if it's not on their radar. I've
thought about this with uh with with
like hotels, right? Real estate stuff
because to build a 100 person hotel or a
100 person apartment complex, multif
family, like that's that's right around
you start getting some of the economies
to scale your maintenance guys taking
care of enough and that's that's
attractive to some big real estate
organization to roll up. They want to
grab a couple of those. My town has like
a 10 person multif family apartment
complex, right? it it couldn't support a
100 person one but I have nine towns
around me that are all the same small
size and I wonder if like can a 500
person town support a 10 unit apartment
complex and then and then if you do 10
of those now you've got your 100 unit

[48:01]
of those now you've got your 100 unit
apartment complex you still have the
economies of scale because you need one
property manager to go to each of those
that's within an hour driving and now
through through uh much more creative
financing and all that stuff you've now
created a 100 unit apartment complex
that you probably couldn't have gone and
got financing to originally, but you
could do them 10 units at a time at a
million dollars instead of, you know,
the the hundred unit one at $10 million.
It's much more tenable. And you do a
couple of those, all of a sudden you got
a couple hundred units you can roll up
and it's going to be attracted to
Starwood Real Estate Group or something,
right? Like you can go you can go move
that around in an interesting way where
before you made that asset class, no
one's going to touch it. I mean, my
friend Kyler's doing this. He bought a
sixunit RV park in Miton, Utah, and it
is 100% full. everyone pays on time and
he's just he's starting to buy those up
in all kinds of little towns and
everyone pays online. He doesn't even
need anyone to stop by. So that's
there's something there. He doesn't he
doesn't care what you do. I mean you you
automate some of that stuff and put it

[49:00]
automate some of that stuff and put it
on a normal cycle and somebody's going
to go and put hands on and make sure
it's real, right? And so like as long as
that exists there there's even I was
playing with like an Airbnb concept
something like this. Like you go to any
tiny town, there's a couple people that
are trying to go there to visit mom or
they're passing through or something.
And if you could create sort of the it's
it's on Airbnb, but also we're built to
book tonight. You know, there's some
like like this is this is the rebar of
hotels of like, great, we've got five we
got five Airbnbs and that if they're not
renting out, you longterm them out for
700 bucks a month. There's always some
kid coming out of high school that would
love to not live at mom's house. And you
just have you you're doing a few of
these. I'm like, there's some model here
where you tiny home your way into an
entire nationwide uh Airbnb network or
something, right? Like I would love
traveling with kids, man. I hate staying
at a Hilton now alone. I love it. But
when you've got kids and you need two
bedrooms, like those things just don't
work. And if you gave me like I know 30
minutes out outside of any major city,
they're sitting one of these like Al's

[50:02]
they're sitting one of these like Al's
you know, Airbnb things and uh and I can
go and grab one of those and I know that
it's cleaned. I know that's there, but
like somebody's just they're expecting
it to rent out once a week. They're not
trying to get it to rent out nightly and
I'm going to come and flip the sheets of
all of them one time in a week. You
know, I think your labor distributes
enough that you can actually pull
something like that off. That's
interesting to me. Well, I think we're
both out of time, dude. Let's do this
again, man. This is great. I want to
have you on again. This is amazing.
People are going to love you. Where can
we find you if anyone has any questions?
I'm on I'm Dr. Bill Nye on all the
socials. Obviously, we all picked our
our moniker when we were 14 playing
Unreal Tournament, didn't we? That's
what we all did. I mean, my uh AIM
screen name was Wow, I like waffles. All
caps. See, and if you would have gotten
rich sooner, you would have never had to
let that go. My problem was success came
too early. I never had to roll out and
get a real email. My main weakness is I
got rich too young. You know, I'm I'm
too caring. I'm too early. And I got

[51:00]
too caring. I'm too early. And I got
rich volunteer way too much. Yeah, you
know what it is. Okay, let me know in
the comments if you want me to have Al
on the podcast again because he has way
more stories and business ideas than
we'll ever have time