[00:00]
wave after wave of change. When it comes
to AI, do you think we're still
underhyping it or overhyping it? I think
we're underhyping it. Normal everyday
people still haven't really seen the
power of it or really started using it a
lot. Soon you're going to have a virtual
being and this thing's going to look
like a human being. Walk around, sit on
the couch next to you, what's coming
over the next couple years. It's sick.
We're soon going to be into an AGI world
where the AI can think and act on its
own. Black Mirror is a documentary. You
watch out to see what the future's like.
I'm optimistic that we'll figure it all
out before it goes all
[Music]
dark. All right, I had a special guest
on today. His name is Robert Scoble.
He's a pretty big name out in Silicon
Valley. Elon gave him a ride in his
Tesla before almost anyone else. He
helped develop Siri, and a bunch of
common tech products that we know, love,
and use today. He's a futurist. He's on
the cutting edge of AI and wearable
tech, robotics. and I wanted to talk to
him about AI tools, AI trends. How does
this compare to the.com boom because he

[01:00]
this compare to the.com boom because he
was in Silicon Valley during the dotcom
boom? What are some businesses that can
be started and how can enterprising
entrepreneurs prevent getting left
behind during this boom? You're going to
love it. He's a really interesting guy.
Share with a friend. We'll see you next
time on the Kerner office. When it comes
to AI, there's a lot of hype. Do you
think we're still underhyping it or
overhyping it? I think we're underhyping
it. I think normal everyday people still
haven't really seen the power of it
or really started using it a lot and a
lot of people in America are even afraid
of it or are disdaining it or resisting
trying it. If you talk to normal
everyday people at a bar in middle of
America, you hear a very different story
about AI than you do in Silicon Valley
or San Francisco, you know, where
everybody's building AI companies, you
know, yeah, even Chad GBT, it's shocking
how few people are using it regularly.
Like at this point, most people have
heard of it, but they're not using it.
Well, the numbers are going up. And this
is a story of disruption, right? It
always starts slow. Gary Vinerchuk and I

[02:02]
always starts slow. Gary Vinerchuk and I
give keynote speeches at conferences,
you know, 20 years ago when social media
was just starting up and we'd ask
people, "How many people are going to
try this tonight?" And no hands went up
for yes. Everybody said, "Nope, not
me. This is stupid. I don't think I'm
going to get into social media." And of
course, now everybody's on social media,
right? I noticed this early in my career
that people resist change. They don't
like new ideas. They poo them. They tell
you why that can't work. You You know, I
mean, how many people are telling me,
"Oh, I I'll never put on an augmented
reality pair of glasses." You know,
are those the Ray-B bands? No, these are
the even realities. The Ray-B bands
don't have a display. These have a
display. The Ray-B bands have cameras.
These don't have cameras. So,
interesting. But in a couple weeks,
Google at Google IO, we're expecting
Google to bring out a pair of glasses
and with displays and cameras and

[03:00]
and with displays and cameras and
microphones and Google has all my data.
So, they have a real shot at disrupting
the market. What do those glasses right
there do? And how do you use them? I
look up and there's a little green and
black display right here. And you can
hook up AIs to talk to you in the
display. So I could be translating you
from one language to English in my
display or I see my calendar items, you
know, ah, you got a podcast to do and
right now, right? Yeah. Somebody calls
it shows up and stuff like that. Is it
like are you actually using it
regularly? Are you relying on it or is
it just kind of something you're toying
around? It's fun while you're walking
around and driving because it keeps you
up to date, you know, and lets you know
things. These are not a color display
yet, so they're not really where we're
about to go, which is mixed reality. And
we should talk about that or I call it
the holiday because soon you're going to
have a 3D environment all around you

[04:00]
have a 3D environment all around you
with just start with your computer
screen and the Google glasses are going
to have a 40° field of view which is
bigger than my iMac screen over here and
certainly bigger than the little screen
I'm talking to you on. And that is
leading into a new world of changing
everything, right? As you can change a
Coke can to a
whatever, a dog.
Do you think any business ideas exist in
that space in the mixed reality space?
Yeah, they're actually gotten adoption
first in business. You know, if you're
working on a factory floor on a piece of
equipment, do you want to be looking at
a laptop or do you want to have big
screens all around you? A lot of
companies who are using XR glasses with
their workers because they can work in a
smaller space with less screens, less
physical screens around them and still
have their big workspaces around them.
And then we haven't even started
thinking about how they actually build a

[05:01]
thinking about how they actually build a
app. For instance, they can leave a
video for the next shift. Hey, this
machine's acting up. You got to fix it,
right? And see information coming off
the machine, right? I worked with a
company called Metivview who made a
system like this for surgeons and it
shows on top of the body the scans that
are aligned to the patient that they're
operating on. It tells them how to, you
know, is their cutting tool in the right
place to start cutting out a tumor or
something like that. It's really crazy.
That's the 3D mixed reality, the holiday
idea that's coming for all of us. You
know, whether you play games that are 3D
like this. I mean, I I have a hollow
lens and a Vive, you know, I have a lot
of devices running around here. I have
an Oakley ski goggle with a computer in
it. I have Google Glass, the first
Google Glass, right? I've been
interested in this field a long time
because a human mind sees in 3D, right?
And the glasses can make computing 3D on

[06:03]
And the glasses can make computing 3D on
the real world. And that makes it a lot
more efficient for a human to use and a
lot more fun. I mean, if you go to the
Apple store and put on a Vision Pro, you
know, I got my Vision Pro down here,
too, right? You know, put on the Vision
Pro and go to a Metallica concerts, it's
unbelievable compared to watching it
even on an 83 inch TV, right? It's way
more enjoyable. You're saying watching
the concert with the Vision Pro? Yeah.
The Metallica concert's all around you,
right? And it's in 3D and it feels like
you're standing right in front of Lars,
you know, while he's singing. You can't
see that Sandman. Yeah. That's one of
the songs they play in the concerts.
Amazing. I told everybody, go to the
Apple store and get the free demo. It's
a half hour demo. It's better than going
to Disneyland. It's much more enjoyable.
Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and

[07:02]
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and
100 other business geniuses as your
business partner, but you give them 0%
equity. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
Don't buy it. It's 3,500 bucks and it's
heavy and there'll be a lighter weight
one soon, you know. And the Google
glasses are coming out in a couple weeks

[08:02]
glasses are coming out in a couple weeks
or a pair of glasses. That's why I put
these on. This proves you can put a
computer in a pair of glasses, right?
These are my old glasses with no
computer. This is a glasses with a
computer. We're able to shrink things
down and make them useful. How are you
using AI on a daily basis? Are you using
it any differently than just talking to
chat GPT about stuff? H
yes, I have a new thing on my Macintosh
called VI. So I can talk to VI and say,
"Hey, can you copy the text out of
Descript and put it into ChatGpt and ask
ChatGpt to get me a social media post
out of that?" And in other words, VI is
How is that spelled? Vy. Vy. Okay. And I
forget the company. I can send it to you
later. But it takes over my operating
system. It can go in my settings and
change my screen to light or dark. It
can do whatever you want it to do on top
of your screen. Plus, you can ask it to
watch you or, hey, I'm doing some work
in AutoCAD. Can you give me some tips on

[09:01]
in AutoCAD. Can you give me some tips on
how I might do this faster or do this
better, right? And it starts talking to
you about it because it's taking a
screenshot at that point of what you're
working on and it can understand what
you're working on. AI is a big field,
too, right? My toaster has AI in it. My
oven has My June oven has an Nvidia card
with a camera. You put some toast in
there, it goes, "Oh, toast. I'll cook it
for two minutes." Right? You put some
salmon in there. Oh, salmon. I'll cook
it for 11 minutes. Right. So, you just
have every gadget known to man. Not
everyone, but I have a lot. I mean, I
have Nano Leaf lights with computers
underneath them. I have Tesla car. I
have a span panel that runs my house so
I can turn off my kids' room for my
iPhone. I have a Sonos system. I went to
the Consumer Electronic Show 25 times.
So, I handpicked some things out of that
show. There's a lot more that I don't
own. But what are the gadgets that
should be in every home in your opinion
that most people have never heard of? My
Madic robot is amazing. Is Yeah, we've

[10:01]
Madic robot is amazing. Is Yeah, we've
had Roombas and Neidos and other kinds
of robots that clean your floors, but
those didn't use computer vision. And
they always had problems. They'd get
caught on fringes. They'd eat your
wires. They'd roll through some catch
and track it through the house in a
weird pattern, you know, and then you
have to go, "Oh." And the Madic doesn't
do any of that. They just got a 10 out
of 10 score on Wired. It was launched in
my house last year. So, the founder came
and showed it to me and explained all
the computer vision that's in inside.
It's pretty crazy. has four cameras on
it and sees your house, makes a 3D map
of your house and drives your through
your house like a Tesla drives down the
street. Yeah, that's crazy. Or a Whimo
with VI. Is that VI Corporation? It says
advanced shape detection and object
analysis. Is that it? No, it's Recept
AI. Ver C P AI. And then I have a new
browser that's an Aentic browser that
run called FU. I'm playing with that and

[11:02]
run called FU. I'm playing with that and
doing a lot of research with that. I'm
trying to use a lot more tools because I
built these lists. Might as well use all
the tools I collected.
Yeah. You know, if you're trying to do
something creative, there's a whole list
I have on X called the Holc. It's 800
companies. It's things like virtual
beings and things to make pictures like
midjourney. There's a whole enterprise
side. You know, if you're in a doctor's
office, right, that they're buying AI to
help listen to the doctor and write the
insurance notes and do all that, right?
And there's a whole spectrum of things
in between. What are some companies
building either hardware or software in
this space that could be like the next
open AI that people are sleeping on?
Whenever I ask Elon, are you going to
build glasses? He answers Neuralink.
He's skipping glasses. Yeah. It's like
okay you're going to go but that's going
to take you 10 years five year you know
some years it's not coming tomorrow I

[12:01]
some years it's not coming tomorrow I
mean there's three people have one on
but those are people who are had severe
human problems right spinal injury or
ALS right the guy who just got one a
couple weeks ago has ALS and can't move
can't speak he got a neural link and now
he can just think to his computer and
send you a social media post Right?
That's crazy. We're a ways away from an
average everyday consumer even
considering such a thing, right? Or
having the money to buy it or having the
belief that it's good, right? Right now,
when I talk to people about Neuralink,
they're like, I'm not doing that unless
I'm paralyzed. I Okay, I'll sign up for
it if I'm paralyzed, but I'm not doing
that. Right. Well, that's what people
said when the car was invented. Like,
whoa, whoa, too fast, too crazy. Every I
feel good about horses. A million people
protested when Zuckerberg turned on the
first news feed. They said, "This is the
death of humanity. We're not doing it."

[13:01]
death of humanity. We're not doing it."
Yeah. Of course, they're all using it
now, right? Yeah. Yeah. Even if you're
on X, everybody uses news feeds now,
right? They all copy Facebook, right?
And a lot of times those people have a
lot of truth to them, but there's just
no stopping it. There's no stopping
progress. And we shouldn't want to stop
progress. First of all, we hate change.
I hate change. You know, if you give me
a new gadget, I'll go another gadget.
But then I try it and it's like, oh, it
actually made my life better. Oh, that's
cool. I'm going to tell everybody about
it. You know, it's in fact, I did a re I
did a little bit of consumer research
for the auto industry going around
America and asking people, "Are you
going to get in a car without a steering
wheel?" You know, they say, "Fo." One
guy in Kansas told me, "I'm a
narcissistic control freak, and there's
no effing way a computer's driving me
around, you know." But Whimo, I'm
interviewing Whimo customers, autonomous
car customers in San Francisco and

[14:01]
car customers in San Francisco and
Phoenix and LA and a few other places,
and they tell me, "I'm never going to
drive again. I'm not going to own a car
again." And it's certainly better than
an Uber. I'm not taking an Uber again.
Right. Uber was invented right in front
of me in a Paris snowstorm. So I got to
watch that from the beginning. The
germination of the company, right? It
was literally invented in front of me.
Yeah. You can see a world that 10 years
10 years from now they're going to be a
completely different company. It might
not even be in transportation, right? I
got a Model S three years ago and I got
it for the full self-driving. And I
remember when I I first went up to this
big overpass in DFW that was really tall
and I was like, "Nope, I'm not using it
on this overpass. Nope." And then like a
week later I was like I'll use it for a
little bit and you know full
self-driving was really choppy for me
back then. Yeah. But ever since last
year I don't even look at the road. Like
I'm so comfortable. It's better than I
am. It used to be awkward at
roundabouts. It used to be I couldn't

[15:00]
roundabouts. It used to be I couldn't
even go a mile without intervening. And
now it's amazing and it's just going to
get more amazing. Right. There's a big
update coming at least if you have
hardware 4 which is the newer. I don't
know that you have probably have a
hardware 3. Like I have a hardware 3 car
and a hardware four car. A hardware four
car is going to get a big new model and
it's going to do stuff that humans can't
do. Do you think it can catch up to
Whimo without LAR? Oh, it's going to
pass it right by. You don't think LAR is
necessary? No. I've been arguing that
for 10 years. No. Okay. No. The CTO for
Ford told me you don't need LAR.
Sebastian Thran who invented Whimo
started the Whimo company and he's the
guy who picked LAR for the Whimo told me
no if I had to do it today on two
cameras. So Elon was right about all
that. Yeah. And he was right 13 years
ago. You know that's Yeah. And Sebastian
friend does explain why he chose LAR. 15
years ago when they were starting up

[16:00]
years ago when they were starting up
there wasn't very much compute in the
car. the computer, the Nvidia cards
weren't very fast. And LAR can make a 3D
map of the world around you with a lot
less computing than a camera. That's a
2D camera that needs to be converted
into a 3D thing that that you could
drive through. But you just told me your
car drives just fine, right? I make a
mistake here and there, but that's not a
lighter problem. That's a AI problem,
and they're fixing mistakes. I always
thought Elon was just biased. He said we
didn't need LAR cuz he didn't think he
could make Tesla economically affordable
if it had LAR. But what do I know? If
you're really a strategist in tech, you
have the next 20 years planned out. You
know, every year, every 18 months, your
transistor count is going to double and
the cost is going to come down. And you
can make some pretty good predictions up
to about 20 years from now. Oh yeah, in
20 years we're gonna all have neural
links on. So, here's how this works. I
make you free videos. I actually know

[17:00]
make you free videos. I actually know
what I'm talking about. I have no greasy
sales pitch at the end. And if you
implement what I talk about, you'll make
a lot more money and have a better life.
And all I ask for in return is that you
hit the subscribe button and maybe even
the notification bell just like that.
Thank you. Elon just knew that he worked
from first principles. His first
investor is Steve Derbson who's a
semiconductor guy. Steve probably gave
Elon the talk and said, "Hey, this is
how you beat how you beat the auto
industry." What's really messy is, you
know, I had the first ride in the
Mercedes AI car 13 years ago. They had
everything Tesla had in the lab, right?
They had a camerabased system. They had
a computer in the glove compartment.
They had digital vents all ready to go.
They had a big touchcreen. And I asked
them, "Why aren't you shipping any of
that?" And they said, "Well, well, let's
talk about the screen. You know, why
don't you have a touchcreen in the car?
Your car has a knob between the seats.
Oh, our executives in Germany, they
didn't want people touching the screen
because they'd leave fingerprints on the

[18:01]
because they'd leave fingerprints on the
screen. And they spent so much money
designing the dashboard to make it look
badass, right? And you still hear this
playing out today, right? People tell
me, "Oh, your Tesla looks so plain. It
has a big screen and nothing else. No
buttons. I like buttons." Right? and
they did the market research 15 years
ago and said and found out people like
buttons and didn't want screens. I did
the same research, you know, guy Mhm.
the the guy in Colorado who's a farmer
told me because I was asking questions
like this. Oh, if I sold you a truck
with a big big screen in the dashboard,
what do you think of that? You know, I
hate computers. I'm a farmer if you
haven't noticed. And I have a flip phone
and right people would tell me stuff
like that. I don't want a touch screen.
I want buttons. I want to be able to
push a radio button on the AM radio and
get my religious radio. You know, now
we're starting to switch as people
because we realize the touchscreen is a
superior way to control an autonomous
car cuz you're going to be watching

[19:00]
car cuz you're going to be watching
Netflix soon while the car drives you
around or whatever. You know, Henry Ford
said, "If I asked my customers what they
wanted, they would have said a faster
horse." People can't they don't think
about the future because that's not
their deal. They're growing crops and
they're not thinking about how John
Deere is going to change their farm in
10 years. You know, John Deere is, you
know, I visited the research lab in
Illinois and you know, those people are
were planning robot farming a long time
ago, right? How do you balance that
though, right? like the your customers
don't know what they want with always
talk to your customers. Always get
product feedback from your customers
because that also is important. How do
you balance those two things? Hear a
different story. You have to understand
where they are and where they might be
once they get exposed to something,
right? These companies all do the same
kind of market research. Google, for
instance, told me 10 years ago, 10 years
ago, they said, "After three rides in an

[20:01]
ago, they said, "After three rides in an
autonomous car, you're never going to
drive again or you're going to want
never to drive again." And I'm like,
"How did you learn that?" He goes, "Oh,
well, it's sort of funny." This was the
head of Google research who funded the
Whimo company told me this. He's like,
"When we handed the full-size Lexus to
employees, we had them sign a contract."
And this was a early autonomous car
prototype, you know, with a lot of LARs
on it and screen. All the stuff you see
in a Tesla or Whimo today. We had them
sign a contract that if they took their
eyes off the road and their hands off
the steering wheel for more than I
forget, a second or two seconds, they
would be fired. And they all signed the
contract. And these are employees who
would be fired for doing something. They
all broke the rule in three rides. every
single one of them from Sergey CEO down
to the lower level employees because
they got so bored to watch the machine
drive them around they looked at their
phone and that's what we want to do. We

[21:01]
phone and that's what we want to do. We
want to look at our phone. We don't want
to drive in traffic and people give me
this lip all the time. Oh, I love to
drive. Yeah, you love to drive on a
curvy road or a racetrack with a nice
car and you know on a sunny day. Do you
think there will be a wearable that
replaces the iPhone eventually? When you
were in an Apple Vision Pro, your screen
is a lot better than an iPhone. The
interaction isn't quite there. The
quality of the hand interaction with a
virtual screen isn't quite there yet.
And so that needs to be fixed. It's too
heavy, right? People don't like putting
it on. It's not something I can just
hand to you like a phone. You know,
there's a lot of advantages to having a
phone. John Carmarmac at who used to
work for Med told me this. He's like,
"Apple has a huge advantage. They have a
phone. I'm like, "What are you talking
about?" It's like, "Oh, they can put all
the GPUs and the heat sink and the
battery and the CPU and the radios all
down in the phone." And that makes means

[22:00]
down in the phone." And that makes means
that Apple can make really lightweight
glasses and have very small little
computers like these do and have a big
screen that does a lot of things. And we
have to talk to the cloud because we
don't have a phone. Yeah.
And so the Metaglats are going to be a
little heavier and like Google, I bet
you're going to have to buy a new
Samsung phone to work with the Google
glasses. Is there a tech trend that you
think is overhyped right now? No. You
could key in on AI is hype, hype, hype.
I mean, you go to San Francisco and all
you see is billboards with a the word AI
in them. I went to a medical conference
in Las Vegas and all I saw was AI on all
the signs. You know, it's like, oh,
something's getting overhyped here. You
know, there's a couple more waves to
follow it up and therefore it's not
going to be overhyped. The glasses is
one. Robots is another. Autonomous cars
are coming. That's another. There's a
lot of things are coming now. There's
certainly problems and neural link is

[23:01]
certainly problems and neural link is
coming. And there's certainly problems
with the neural link world. The neural
link that the three guys have on today
can only read from the human brain. So
you can think about moving your cursor
and it moves your cursor. think about
clicking on a button and it clicks on
the button, right? It's like wow.
They're working on devices that can
write into your brain as well. So, but
in the next decade, we're gonna start
hearing about right and read. And this
is how you're going to solve vision
problems, right? You're writing into the
optical nerve, writing data into your
brain. Oo, that brings a lot of problems
because
when you have wires on your brain, you
have no free will anymore really. Yeah.
I mean, you might have it in you might
be gifted free will by the company that
makes it to you, and that'll be part of
the terms and service, but in in theory,
you don't have free will anymore. If the
thing wants you to pick up and somebody,
you will, and you can't control it, and
that means you don't have free will. Did

[24:01]
that means you don't have free will. Did
you see that Black Mirror episode? Oh,
yeah. That, you know, the Black Mirror
is a documentary. You watch that to see
what the future's like. You only see the
sharp side. Repeating ads out loud
because she doesn't have the paid
version. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, or it'll
write, "Oh, you want a Diet Coke?" You
know, it'll it'll make you want a Diet
Coke. Go find a Diet Coke. And you'll
just be walking around looking for a
Diet Coke. You know, that's the danger.
And by the way, you can talk to AI about
this world, and it's really advanced at
telling you all the pros and cons of a
Neuralink world. Then you when you have
an AI inside your brain with wires on
your brain, oh there's a lot of problems
and you know they're not new. I mean I
have a a brain computer interface from a
company called Next Mind that's already
10 years old, right? There's been people
trying to build computing closer to your
brain for a long time. It's coming. It's
just for an average everyday person is,
you know, out there 10 years, 5 years,
15 years. I don't know if I'm just super

[25:01]
15 years. I don't know if I'm just super
polyiana or optimistic. I just feel like
all these big macro like AI problems
that Elon worries about. I'm just
optimistic we're gonna we're gonna
figure it out. Yeah, me too. It's going
to be used. But I had the talk AI safety
engineering sat next to me for 10 hours
on the plane ride back from UK and he
told me how it's going to how it could
go down. And there is a potential that
it could do some really nasty I mean
just think about it. We're going to turn
our electrical grid into AI run, right?
Well, if the AI decides you don't need
electricity today,
what does that do? That causes a lot of
problems, right? We're soon going to be
into an AGI world where the AI can think
and act on its own and it probably will
have its own money, too. It can start a
company. It can might even be able to
move data centers all on its own. It's
like, I don't like Amazon Web Services
anymore. I'm going to go to Azure. They
they have better they have more GPUs for
me to I'll just move. Yeah.

[26:02]
me to I'll just move. Yeah.
And we can't really think through that
world very well because it hasn't
happened yet and because there's a lot
of steps that have to be invented before
that really shows up. I mean, we can
predict it's going to show up, but is it
going to show up by the end of the year
or in two years or five or 10? People
have lots of arguments, right? It's hard
to really know what the downsides are
going to be. I mean, when cars start
out, you know, did people think, oh,
40,000 people are going to get killed by
these every year, you know, just in
America, right? I don't think they had
too many talks about that. They were
discussed about it, but for different
reasons. It was noisy. It was scared the
horses, right? You know, I'm optimistic
that we'll figure it all out before
before it goes all dark, you know?
How do you see this AI boom compared to
the the.com boom because you were in the
valley during that time, right? No
comparison. This is way bigger. I mean,

[27:00]
comparison. This is way bigger. I mean,
I have 6,300 companies on X and I
probably don't have 30 40% of I might
even have half of them. Hugging Face has
a far bigger list, right, of companies
of of tools that you can try. I've never
seen anything like this. The speed and
the pace, the competition, the global
politics behind it is different. The
money is insane compared to back in
1999, right? So video is cool, but you
know what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
What kind of company got a couple
billion dollars back in 1999? You know,
without any customers really? Yeah.
Yeah. Even even adjusted for inflation,
it's not even close. No. I I remember
this company called Color like I don't
know 12 years ago. I forget when Color
was, but they got $48 million and

[28:01]
was, but they got $48 million and
everybody in the Valley was up in arms.
How did a company get that much money
with no customers and just a prototype?
What? That's outrageous. Now it's like
that's not even That happens like every
day.
Yeah. some little company gets a few
million dollars, you know, to get
started, right? And the big ones get
billions. It's like, whoa, it's just
extraordinary. What are some like
approachable for the non-technical
person, approachable business ideas or
opportunities you think are massive for
people wanting to start something in or
with AI? Ask AI, man. It'll tell
you. Get your AI to go do some market
research. You know, hey, is this his
idea going to sell on
Reddit? If you got 10 PhDs in our room,
you can do a lot of things, right?
Yeah. It's it's hard to overcome those
network effects. Even that's not enough
to go after open AI right now, right?

[29:01]
to go after open AI right now, right?
You got to figure out something they're
not going to do well, right? And look
for some something you can spend your 10
PhDs on, you know? Yeah. There's two
arguments about OpenAI. There's the the
bearish argument is like data isn't
special anymore. Everyone has data. Data
is a commodity. Verse OpenAI has all
this data. They're going to be the next
Google. What do you think? With
companies like DeepSeek out there
putting AI on your phone, they have an
advantage right now because they're the
number one most used of all the chat
AIs, right? the Google Gemini, Open
AAI, Perplexi, Anthropic Cloud, Grock at
XAI, and that usage is making the engine
better. And if they play their cards
right, it's going to lead them into real
advantage. Whoever has the most people
is going to have better information
about the real world, you know, and tell
you all sorts of things about the real

[30:00]
you all sorts of things about the real
world and and have better answers for
when you're doing your chemistry exams
or whatever, right? The users make the
system smarter.
The more users you have, the smarter the
system gets. It's going to be true in
autonomous cars, too. The Tesla fleet
size is going to make the Tesla a better
experience for a lot of reasons because
it's going to have more information
about everything on the road. There's 25
Teslas on the Golden Gate Bridge right
now. I go there and count Teslas every
once in a while. It's like, okay,
there's 25 driving across. What does
that see? If there's a car fire on the
Golden Gate Bridge, who has information
about that better information? Tesla
does because they have cameras to
rolling by with an AI computer. Nobody
else does, right? Whimo doesn't even
cross the bridge yet. General Motors
doesn't have this kind of system. Yeah.
And doesn't have X AI. So, this one
reason that, you know, Elon keeps being

[31:02]
reason that, you know, Elon keeps being
able to raise a lot of funding because
he's putting together all the pieces to
make a world system that's very useful
and better than any than the other
companies. And it's a war. It'll be
interesting to see how it all plays out.
Open AI has an advantage right now in
America and in Western world. China's
coming on strong. China has an advantage
because they have nine cities bigger
than New York. They have a bigger market
than America has. They have more people.
I just told you people make the system
better. Now, that would make the system
better in Shanghai. Doesn't translate to
Las Vegas, right? Mhm. You got to get
people in Las Vegas to have the the deep
seas or the boss or the right. Yeah. And
have the glasses from China. And this is
one reason I think Trump is tariffing
everything. We're about to get humanoid
robots. China can make a humanoid robots

[32:01]
robots. China can make a humanoid robots
cheaper than we can in America and
better. They're going to put Chinese
robots in every business in America.
That's going to be a real problem for us
is all of a sudden we're not going to
have jobs and we bought some Chinese
robots, right? Yeah. Yeah. And and the
Chinese robots can report back to home
everything about the society, you know,
and have all your market research so
they can just continue to bring in new
products and new ideas to customers. A
real problem. This is something I think
about a lot. It's like, oh, how is
America going to remain relevant in this
world? How are they gonna match the
price and supply chain advantages of
China? The Tesla factory is the biggest.
We got it has 12,000 people working at
it right on three shifts making Model 3s
and Model X's and stuff like that. You
go to Shanghai, they got a thousand of
them. They can make things at scale
that's just stunning compared to what we
can hear. And so I don't know how we

[33:02]
can hear. And so I don't know how we
innovate to make things cheap to make
like they can make them and have the
data advantages like they have, right?
And have other advantages around the
world. And so we're in a new world.
We're we're having to compete with China
for the first time. You know, most
Americans didn't really see that coming.
I saw it coming for 20 years where I
knew 20 years ago by visiting China,
this country is going to pass this by
sometime. Their ports are automated.
They have video screens on every
building, right? They have robots
roaming around the streets. They have a
lot more autonomous, a lot more electric
cars. They have a lot more excitement
for glasses that are coming, right? It's
like, oh, this is a problem now. You
know, we saw it coming for a while, but
now it's a real problem, but it's all
gonna work out. We're gonna win. I
visited Israel, who's a little country.
In Israel, I met with an entrepreneur

[34:00]
In Israel, I met with an entrepreneur
and they Israel has a lot more
companies, a lot more startups than any
other country for the size that it is.
It's a very small country with only a
few million people, right? But it has a
lot more startups than a lot of bigger
countries do. And I was asking one
entrepreneur there, I was like, why is
this going on here? What? What's going
on here? Is Is it the water? He goes,
"No, no, no. We got nothing. We got land
you can't grow things in. We got land
that has no oil underneath it." You
know, we have no natural resources. We
have no water. We have to pull it out of
the sea and deselinate it. Right. So,
the only thing we got is our brains. And
that's what we use to remain relevant on
the world stage. And and I I know
there's a lot of that in America, too,
that we're going to use our innovation
to remain relevant on the world stage in
the robot wars. Constraints equal
creativity. Oh, yeah. You know, America
should wake up. All right. Well, Robert,
this this was great. Where can we find

[35:01]
this this was great. Where can we find
you? X Scoville X Scovilleizer. Okay.
We'll link to you. That's my home base.
That's where the AI industry is. If
you're not on X, you're not in the AI
industry. So, okay. Well, thank you for
your time. This was awesome. Thank you
so much. All right. All right. Thanks
for listening to the Coloner Office
today.