[00:00]
He spent half hour of his time, $10 in
materials to hand deliver that to me for
$9,000. Really smart. It's a no-brainer.
So many lives could be changed by just
thinking about something a little more
creatively. One little unlock. If you go
through usual channels, that is not the
way you stand out. I only needed to
reach out to about two dozen people.
100% of them responded. 100% of them
agreed to meet. All of them became
clients. Paid $28 for it. That led to $2
million order.
69,500,000% ROI. Well, that's
interesting. Who else can I reach?
started reaching presidents and prime
ministers and really basically almost
just about anyone. And when you do that,
man, magic
[Music]
happens. Okay, you're going to love
today's episode. Whether you own a
business or you want to start a business
or you never want to start a business,
if you'd ever have a need to get an
important meeting with an important
person, this is the episode for you. If
you check out episode 144 entitled How
to Get Whatever You Want Out of Life,
that was my episode with Jordan Mix
about permissionless marketing, doing
really cool things to get the attention

[01:00]
really cool things to get the attention
of cool people. This one is kind of
similar similar vein. This guy literally
wrote the book called How to Get a
Meeting with Anyone. He literally wrote
the book and it was a bestseller and he
knows all the tricks, all the stories.
He's talked to dozens or hundreds of
people that have done really unique
creative things to get meetings with
important people to make a lot of money,
to find a big partnership, whatever. You
could also call it a white whale, but
it's told in a different way and it's
very, very tactical. For instance, a guy
that makes $1,000 custom swords or buys
them and sends them to companies that
are in trouble so he can turn them
around and make millions of dollars. He
has a 100% response rate. There's
several stories about people that have a
100% not just response rate, but close
rate because their outreach methods are
so unique and personalized. And in the
age of AI, this is more accessible than
ever. So, please enjoy. Please share
with a friend, anyone you know that
would love to get a meeting with anyone
on the planet. They could use this
episode. It's really hard to grow a
podcast and so sharing it is one of the
only ways I can spread the good word far
and wide. So please do if you be so
kind. Please enjoy. A big feature of

[02:01]
kind. Please enjoy. A big feature of
contact marketing is it's not mass
marketing at all. It's finding the
people like you know at the most 100
people but I'm always talking about a
top 100 list but the people who can
change the scale of everything. So who
are they? are they could be clients or
they could be mentors. They could be
potential partners, but whoever they
are, you need to connect with them and
in a unique way or you're not going to
stand out. Nothing's going to happen if
you can't connect with them. So, because
of all that, I thought, well, that
campaign hit the 100% response rates
across the board. Well, that's
interesting. Who else can I reach? I
started reaching presidents and prime
ministers and but really basically
almost just about anyone. And then I got
really curious about what were you using
cartoons for all of this outreach? All
of that. Yeah. Okay. And then I got
curious about what everyone else was
doing and discovered there's just the
craziest there was a shadow form of
marketing out there and I had to call it
something. So called it contact campaign
in how to get a meeting with anyone and

[03:00]
in how to get a meeting with anyone and
people have been doing these amazing
things to get meetings. So it's just
rife with with all these really
entertaining stories of things people
have done. It's just so much fun to to
see what just kind of how creativity
across the race just forms and expresses
itself and just the things that it led
people to do and then the results that
they got were have all been just
stunning. I feel like so many of us
become enamored with big numbers and
we'll spend 5 hours like trying to set
up a cold email campaign to reach 10,000
people whereas what happened if we took
5 hours trying to reach like the 20 most
influential people that could completely
transform our business? We would
certainly have a higher percentage
response rate, but we could even have a
better raw number response rate. Yeah.
Well, you know, when I went into direct
marketing, the pundits of the genre were
saying a lot of things that were
interesting. They turned out to be
interesting. One of them was is
impossible to get 100% response
rate. And so, you know, my first contact
campaign did that. And so, I didn't talk

[04:01]
campaign did that. And so, I didn't talk
about it to anyone. I just thought, you
know, it's be like saying I've been
abducted by aliens and your your
credibility window. So the metrics that
I've seen in contact marketing, they
easily hit 100% response rates. It
doesn't happen all the time. It's not
common, but it does happen. And it's
actually common enough that it's a
feature of contact marketing. the
highest response rate that I'm aware of
and ROI that I'm aware of are let's say
for response rate it's somewhere north
of 300%. So what that means is you
produced a campaign or maybe I should
explain what the campaign was, but you
produced a campaign and the thing that
you used to make contact was so
compelling that the recipients shared it
and then so it basically went viral and
other people responded to it, I suppose,
is the best way to put it. But so but
that's interesting to get beyond 100%
response rate. What that means? So this
one marketer's case, he ended up

[05:00]
one marketer's case, he ended up
reaching somewhere between three and
four times his audience because they
spread it. The other one, this the ROI
figure came from a dental startup. A
dentist had invented a new tongue
scraper and so he started a company,
hired some young guys to do videos for
him on YouTube and they were selling the
tongue scrapers pretty effectively on on
YouTube. And then about a year into
that, they just decided they were trying
to get into Walmart. They wanted to have
it rolled out throughout their 6,500
stores. So they went through the usual
channels. I think this is kind of a
feature of contact marketing as well,
that if you go through usual channels
and you do the usual things, that is not
the way you stand out. So certainly that
wasn't the way they were going to stand
out. So at some point the young guys
decided, you know what? We're tired of
waiting for Walmart to respond. So they
put together a little just a little tiny
Facebook ad, static Facebook ad, paid
$28 for it. They targeted the

[06:02]
$28 for it. They targeted the
Bentonville, Arkansas headquarters and
you know the right demographics and so
forth. They were targeting Walmart
headquarters and their spokesperson the
sort of tongue and cheek or many things
the scraper and cheek tongue scraper and
cheek. Yeah. Their character was sort of
a dentist liveaction dentist with a
giant tongue scraper. So that was what
was on the ad and then it said Walmart
employees have bad breath but the
ability if if they contact us and
feature our product or something like
that I can't remember what it was rather
I think that's a key distinction because
it's not enough to just target Walmart
employees it still has to stand out and
cause someone to say what oh yeah
absolutely yeah you have to have people
oh my god who you know what is the well
in this case so here's how this works I
make you free videos I actually know
what I'm talking about I have no greasy
sales pitch at the And and if you
implement what I talk about, you'll make
a lot more money and have a better life.
And all I ask for in return is that you
hit the subscribe button and maybe even
the notification bell just like that.

[07:00]
the notification bell just like that.
Thank you. They heard from Walmart's
legal department first about 48 hours
after the ad went up and they said, "Are
you the ones behind this ad?" "Oh, yeah.
Would you take it down?" "Oh, of course,
sure. Of course, we'll be happy to do
it." Oh my god. Can you They're still
trying to figure out if they're
containing damage. So they said, "Was
this run nationally?" And they said,
"No, we targeted your headquarters." How
did you do that? This was a while ago,
so this was no still news to them. So,
how did you do that? Well, we selected
this way and that way. And they said,
"Wow, you're actually pretty astute
digital marketers." And they said,
"Yeah." Anyway, that led to I'm going to
introduce you to our dental products
buyer. They did. And they exited that
conversation with a 20, what was it? No,
$2 million order. So, geez. So, that's
cool. I interviewed the CEO about this.
So when I asked him, I said, "Well,
okay, you went into that conversation in
one form. You were a startup. You'd been
in business for a year and you left it
with a product that's now about to be

[08:00]
with a product that's now about to be
rolled out in Walmart. What did that do
to the valuation?" And he said, "Well, I
think it 10xed us." And he figured that
their value was 2 million at that point.
2 million be going before going into
that conversation and then 10xed to 20
million. So, if we take all of that into
account, it's a
69,500,000% ROI
from a $28 Facebook ad. From a $28
Facebook ad. Yeah. I mean, Stu, I don't
know if you know my story, but I have a
similar story. Do you know the company
BIES, the gas station company? Yeah, I
think so. They have about 50 massive gas
stations across mostly the Southeast.
Anyway, my audience has heard this, so I
won't go into it, but they didn't sell
online. and they don't sell online and
they have this huge billion-dollar
brand. And so I bought one of everything
from their stores. It cost $1,500 and I
launched a business and I cold emailed
20 reporters. It went viral. The legal
department reached out to me much like

[09:00]
department reached out to me much like
in your story and I've since learned
that's usually a good sign. you have the
attention of the higher-ups and it's
been five years since that business and
we do millions of dollars a year and we
sell all of Buckyy's products online
unofficially. They're not an official
partner of ours, but we are the industry
leader by far and it all started from a
2000 or $1,500 order and a few cold
emails. Oh my god. Well, since your
audience already knows the story,
sometime we'll have to get together
offline. I want to hear the whole thing.
Yeah.
But I just think it's so interesting
that so many problems could be solved or
lives could be changed by just thinking
about something a little more
creatively. One little unlock. And I
think back to the time I was like 23,
24. I owned an iPhone repair shop. And I
just opened a new location in
Huntsville, Alabama. And I was sitting
in there and it was a small business. So
I was still manning the store. We had
four locations at this time. a
commercial realtor walked in and he had

[10:01]
commercial realtor walked in and he had
seen in the tax records or somewhere
that I had just signed a lease on this
store and because of the fact that I had
opened a location, the local news like
the Huntsville Times or whatever wrote
an article about me that was like buried
somewhere in the business section, few
paragraphs and he had taken that paper
and laminated it and like framed it and
it was a picture of me fixing a phone
and then he put a note in there and it's
like next time you open a store talk to
me and I'll find you at your next
application. And you know what I did? I
took a picture of it. I texted it to my
wife. I texted it to my friend. And
that, you know, 100% response rate
became a 400% response rate because I
shared it because it was so meaningful.
Now, to him, the value of me as a
conversion is, let's say, $3,000 a month
on a 5year lease. That's $36,000. That's
$180,000. He's going to get about 5% of
that. So $9,000. He spent half hour of
his time, $10 in materials to handel
that to me for $9,000 in my next lease.

[11:01]
that to me for $9,000 in my next lease.
Really smart. It's a no-brainer. Yeah,
really smart. So, look at the ROI on
that. It's It's a pretty good ROI. Dan
Walshmitt is a turnaround specialist and
he is also a big blogger, sales blogger.
He writes a blog called Edgy
Conversations. He's a an extreme
athlete, runs 100 mile races and wins.
You should have him on your show
actually. But he's amazing. So, but he
has this really interesting process for
reaching out to CEOs of companies that
are in trouble. And I would say that
earlier AI probably now picks that up.
But before that, there was no way to buy
a list of companies that were in
trouble. And so, the way that he went
about first of all finding them and then
contacting the CEOs was he scan the
business news every morning looking for
stories of missed earnings estimates.
Kind of like your realtor. not the same
triggers, but he was doing the same
thing. And then he has this sword made
up, this beautiful sword made by the
propmaker for the movie Gladiator. So
these are beautiful swords. Wow. And

[12:01]
these are beautiful swords. Wow. And
fortunately, they're not sharpened.
That's a good good thinking. Do you know
what they cost to make? About $1,000.
Wow. Okay. But the cost Yeah, I'm
waiting to hear the cost of his
conversion or the value of his
conversion. Oh, well, you'll hear it in
a second because I was going to say that
has that sword made up. It's inscribed
with the CEO's name and one of Dan's
favorite inscriptions. If you're not all
in, you're not in at all. That goes into
this beautiful wooden box, felt line.
So, that's part of the thousand dollars.
But it all goes into a box with a
handwritten note. And handwritten notes
show up all the time. An element of some
of the best performing versions of these
campaigns. So, anyway, the handwritten
note says, "Dear Chris, business is war.
I noticed you lost the battle recently.
I just wanted to let you know if you
ever need a few extra hands in battle,
we've got your back." He's like, "Wow,
the battle with you, side by side with
you. We'll swing a sword with you. We'll
help you win this battle." He gets a
100% response rate to this campaign so
far. Not every one of them engages him.
So that's not 100%. But still, when he

[13:01]
So that's not 100%. But still, when he
does engage that, the engagements are
worth a million and up. And I don't
know, actually, so what I don't know is,
and I need to ask him this now that I'm
thinking about it and we're talking
about it, but what has he then generated
from the swords he sent out? I'll bet
it's just enormous. Does he charge like
a flat fee, a million dollars to come in
and fix the company or does he like buy
equity stakes or I think it's a stake in
what he's able to produce as a as
results. Okay. I don't know. Wow.
Actually, I don't know. Does he do any
follow-up? Like if he gets 50% response
rate the first week, does he then reach
out again and say, "Hey, did you get my
sword?" or is there no followup? He only
sends the sword and then waits. Well, I
don't think he waits. I think he reaches
out. But he's just saying that he get
and I don't know how many times he may
have to call with you. So I would
imagine you don't just reach out and
they're ready to go. But yeah, he's
getting through to literally all of
them. I think the follow-up is such an
important distinction because people
might go and try this and they're like,
I only got a 30% response rate, which is

[14:00]
I only got a 30% response rate, which is
probably a hundred times higher than a
cold email campaign. But if you call
them and email them and it's not a
normal call or an email, you got to
reference the thing that you did. I'm
remembering a story that happened just
recently and I this gentleman might be
listening right now. I don't want to
offend him, but I've talked about
sending people Venmo transactions or
PayPal transactions of a dollar, $10
just to get their attention with a note
attached. And so someone used my
medicine on me and they sent me $50 on
Venmo. They've just found me randomly.
And then in the Venmo comments, because
you can only leave so many characters in
the transaction. In the comments, in in
the name of the transaction, he said,
"Read the comments," which no one reads
Venmo comments unless you point to it.
And in the comments, it's like, "Hey, my
name is soando. I love what you're
doing. I want to come help you film
content. I live nearby. I want to film a
video with you. I can hold a camera,
whatever you need." And super cool.
Thanks for the $50, but like I I don't
need that right now. I'm not looking for
someone to hold a camera. I will

[15:00]
someone to hold a camera. I will
eventually. It's relevant to me. It just
wasn't an immediate need. And so he
followed up by sending a dollar with
more comments. And I still didn't
respond just because I was busy. He
never followed up again. This was about
a month ago. And then just yesterday, he
came to mind. Yeah. I just thought of
him and I'm like, you know what? I need
someone to go into my Instagram reels
and look at like my swipeway rates and
find the reels that have the best
swipeway rates and then watch the reel
and see what the hook is. like how can I
replicate that? I need someone to just
kind of be a data analyst that knows how
to read the trends like someone who has
a mind for it, which he was. He had a
lot of experience with content and
someone who can make recommendations.
Hey, just so you know, this video didn't
do very well, but the swipe array rate
was your best ever. So, I think if you
made X, Y, and Z changes, the retention
boost would make this go massively
viral, and it would only take you three
minutes to refilm it. So, I was looking
for him to do that. Yeah. So, I reached
out to him and I'm like, "Hey, thank you
for the $51. It's been a month. I'm
sorry for not getting back. I don't need

[16:01]
sorry for not getting back. I don't need
anyone to hold the camera, but I need
this." And I explain to him, response.
And then a day goes by and he says,
"Okay, well, like what is your long-term
plan for me?" And I'm like, "Dude, I
don't know. Like, I just I have a need
filled. You seem like you were really
motivated. Like, you gave me money and
so like I don't know. Oh, are you going
to be a long-term employee, equity
holder, business? I I have no idea, but
you got to buy a guy a drink first.
Like, let's do this for 30 days. I'll
pay you above market for 30 days. Like,
let's do 30 videos or something and then
let's just see how it goes. And he never
responded. Oh my gosh. And so, wow. I
think that's another important
distinction of like the response might
not be what you're expecting, but like
if you liked that person or that
opportunity enough to send them a $1,000
sword or $51, then you got to be
flexible, right? Yeah, I would say he
really blew it on the back end. He did
fine on the front end. That's
interesting. I've never even heard of

[17:00]
interesting. I've never even heard of
anyone That's cool, too. I've never
heard of anyone using a Venmo account
and sending a payment. And that is a
great way to get a hold of someone's
attention. it is, you know, and also I
was going to say I think that when we
reach out to people, hopefully there's a
good reason to do it. So if there's a
compelling reason to do it, great. That
helps. But then we have to realize he's
auditioning to you. The first part of
his audition was stellar. Sending the 50
bucks, he got your attention and he got
top of- mind awareness as well. So that
when you had something else, you reached
out to him. So that's amazing. But it's
not just that we're selling something.
We're auditioning for a relationship and
for doing business together. Just what
will it be? Or if it's business or maybe
it's job related, but what would it be
like to work with this person? He made
it I it seems like I don't know where he
maybe someone else told him the idea. I
don't know. Maybe it's not his idea, but
he made it interesting in the very
beginning and he had a great start going
there that they didn't they really
missed it afterward. That's terrible. I

[18:00]
missed it afterward. That's terrible. I
know. Maybe he'll hear this and have a
change of heart, but I'm curious about
the cartoons that you originally spoke
about. What was different about them?
Was it personalized? What was the
follow-up sequence on that like? So,
first of all, my entry to cartooning was
interesting. I wanted to use cartoons in
those mailings. That's where it started.
But, okay, I don't want to just offer my
cartoons to my clients. I want to get my
heroes of cartooning. So from Playboy
and the New Yorker, I wanted to get some
of the greatest cartoonists out there in
my group and I did. I got him in in my
group. It it became this amazing
mentorship opportunity was it was
amazing. So first of all, it's the
style, the look of it, and I would say
cartoons not popular today as they were
before. But anyway, so these styles, the
art styles were highly recognizable.
Maybe even the signatures are what they
look like. I don't know if you could
read some of them, but part of it was
topnotch cartooning that was happening.
It wasn't just somebody that from the
background that draws goofy pictures.
And then yes, there mine were always

[19:01]
And then yes, there mine were always
imbued with personalization. So the
cartoon always going to be about the
recipient. And because of what cartoons
do in magazines and newspapers anyway,
we talked about that a little earlier
that they're the best read and
remembered parts of the publications. It
made the mailing stand out. We used to
get a lot more mail than we do now. So
it made it stand out in the stack of
mail that people would get and they'd
engage with it. They'd open it. So it
was a combination of recognizable styles
and of cartoons or andor sort of
cartoons and then personalization and
that all kind of super simplifies
something that's not very simple to do
because you got to come up with
something that's funny. If the recipient
is let's say disparaged because of the
humor, don't send that out. feel a big
waste of time on a giant scale. It's
always people talking about them in I
mean in the cartoon it's always someone
talking about the recipient of the
mailing or whatever it is but it's of
the cartoon and so the recipient's out

[20:01]
the cartoon and so the recipient's out
of frame always otherwise people are
going to look at it and say well that's
not the color of my hair I'm male I'm
fem whatever it is everything will be
wrong for most of the audience and so so
you don't want that so always out of
frame and then they just have to come
out on top in the humor whatever it is
that's happening in The humor has to be
something that pays them a compliment. I
think that's that's what's worked best
for us. I mean, you would know better
than anyone. I think that's the test
history behind it for sure. Yeah. I
think on one hand, you could say, you
know, how relevant are cartoons today
because newspapers aren't as relevant.
But then like I love looking at the
first principles, like the base reasons
for things, right? And if I were to
think about the first principles about
what makes cartoons memorable, I would
think, and you kind of said this, it
stands out in the mail. It's like a
pattern disruption. It's just something
different. It stands out from the other
ads of like, drink this refreshing
CocaCola. Like, okay, we've seen that.
Also, there's like a there's a nostalgia

[21:00]
Also, there's like a there's a nostalgia
factor because we're thinking back to
our childhood days. Maybe we looked at
Marvel comic books that like we just
kind of feel affinity to it. And also
it's like it's kind of like the same
protection that standup comedians have.
Like you can go up on stage with a mic
and say things that might normally be
offensive, but because of your role in
the room at the moment of being a
stand-up comedian, you're not cancelled,
right? Like to an extent like you can
you have more freedom and flexibility in
what you say because you have that
safety buffer of being a comedian. I
think that cartoons are similar and that
like you can be a little more they are
you get more leeway. They definitely
are. So, what are you showing us here?
You got a FedEx envelope with like a
window cut out of it. This is the Heinek
window. Patent pending. It's a design,
but really it's a method for using
cartoons to get people to pay attention
whatever it is that you sent, whether
it's a mailpiece or an FedEx envelope,
for example. We know that this much is
going to get their attention. It's
cartoons, but it's only part of the
cartoon. And for you to get the full

[22:00]
cartoon. And for you to get the full
payoff, you have to get inside the piece
now. And you know, then you get the
whole cartoon, you get the final, you
get the full payoff. But that's great
because that gets their attention just
like it had been in earlier Yeah.
generations. But now you have to get
inside the piece. And so it's a it
carries it a little bit further. Well,
it's like first principles of any good
copywriting or video, anything. You got
to have a hook. You got to have a
payoff. The hook is the window. You can
see part of a cartoon. The payoff is
pulling out and seeing the whole thing,
right? And then it continues on. It's a
cartoon about you. It's there there
there's all kinds of things that that
are happening there. But that is cool.
That's the Heck window. So video is
cool, but you know what's better? Long
form audio via podcast and my
newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales
tkopod.com.
Just to quote a couple of examples. So
there's one one of my cartoons. There
are two women having coffee in a coffee

[23:01]
are two women having coffee in a coffee
shop. And one of them is telling her
friend, "Well, let's see. I'm going to
personalize it because won't make sense
without it. It's written so that it's
personalized." So, in this case, I sent
one of these to Mark Cuban that So, the
woman is telling her friend, Mark Cuban
says, "You can tell a lot about a person
just by looking at their Mavs tickets."
I tend to agree. She's got a reaction
from her friend and like, "What are you
talking I guess what are you talking
about?" So, I sent that to Mark Cuban on
a big Well, I call it a big board. It's
a big foam core board. How big are we
talking? I'll show you. It's 18 by 24
in. Here it is. Wow. Okay. And message
on the back. And so that's frame that's
up on his wall in his office. Oh wow.
The quote is you can tell a lot about a
person by their ticket just by looking
at their math tickets. I you think with
the age of AI, I could really see
cartoons or stuff like this,
personalized marketing making a comeback
because with one prompt, I could say,
what are some really insightful things
that Mark Cuban has said that might be

[24:01]
that Mark Cuban has said that might be
off the radar like not and then if you
were to make some sort of thing out of
that quote that he remembers but no one
else would, Yeah. you could really stand
out. Also, with the cartoon generation,
I'm going to share my screen for those
watching. I did something interesting
here. Uh, let's see. I gave it a prompt
and I said, "Make a cartoon image that's
funny about a sales pitch offering
unique marketing outreach methods to the
Rolling Stone." And in 30 seconds, I had
this image. For those listening, it's a
picture of a stone sitting and there's a
guy pitching him in like an old school
setting. We can do unique outreach
marketing. Like, it's not very funny,
but with one more prompt, we can make it
funny. We can make it ironic. And it's a
lot faster than handmaking a cartoon,
right? Here's the interesting thing, and
I should mention I wrote the book How to
Get a Meeting with Anyone, right? You
literally wrote the book. So, that came
out in 2016, did really well. Last year,
it was named the number one sales book
ever written on prospecting by Sales

[25:01]
ever written on prospecting by Sales
Daily. So, it's done really well. And
now, for those who can see, here it is.
It's coming out June 3rd. And so, so
here's what prompted because what you
just showed me is exactly what part of
what prompted the new edition. I mean,
obviously things have changed since
2016. That's a long run for the book.
We're either meeting virtually or in
person. People are either working in the
office or not or they might be returning
to the office. There's all kinds of
trends back and forth there. The real
driver was AI. I just want to say from
just my own personal view on it is that
it's AI is miraculous. It's just amazing
what it's allowing us to do. And if and
I see people either reacting to it with
fear or with a with great excitement.
And I think the ones with great
excitement even the ones and
particularly the ones that say I'm
excited now I want to get behind it and
I want to start something in it really
taking the right approach. But I do
think that when we're reaching out to
create you know humanto human connection
with people as AI just becomes more and

[26:02]
with people as AI just becomes more and
more pervasive in our lives. I think
there's going to be an equal and
opposite reaction. I think that people
are going to be saying the things that I
think are amazing. I don't know if
they're even going to say it
consciously, but I think there will be a
clamoring for things that are uniquely
human. I think that particularly if
we're trying to make contact with other
humans. So, what you just showed me was
a great example of how AI does it um
versus what it looks like when a human
does. Let's say when a talented human
with a very practiced human does it,
it's totally different. And I've watched
this particularly with cartoons to see,
well, how does AI do? If you ask it to
produce a cartoon, it comes up with
something that's sort of like, you know,
and it looks like Yeah. I mean, you
wouldn't look at it and say, "Oh gosh,
that's done by my favorite cartoonist."
Yeah. Yeah. There's none of that. So,
yeah. So, I think cartoons and
cartooning might be one of those things
that stands out in the age of AI as
something uniquely human. Pool of those
things is shrinking. AI will write music
for you and perform it, you know. Yeah.

[27:01]
for you and perform it, you know. Yeah.
Do really well. They'll even do it.
They'll do it with your voice and
perfectly tune it and so on. So those
things then become more artificial and
not so special. I agree. I think that AI
is going to make in-person interaction
that much more relevant and effective. I
think in-person sales is going to boom.
It's going to have a heyday because
there there are so many AI agents out
there doing emailing agents like cold
calling agents. That's all AI. None of
it it's all just going to be noise and
fluff. response rates will go from the
1% that they're currently at to 0.1%.
Right? Which still at a large number, it
could still work, but showing up in
person is going to be more effective
than it's ever been. Imagine, I don't
know if you're married or not, but I am
finding your significant other using AI
and using AI to pitch them and, you
know, get the first date. I mean, how
silly would that be? There are certain
things that are just going to remain
human. Yeah. So, agree. Anyway, I know

[28:02]
human. Yeah. So, agree. Anyway, I know
the cartoons so far have really withtood
that that challenge quite well. When you
showed me that drawing, that image,
here's one of mine. I It's one of my
favorites of mine, but describe what
you're showing. There's a little child
at the kitchen table facing the viewer,
facing us, and he's he's spilled his
cereal bowl and his milk glass, and he's
just rolling his arms back and forth
making a big mess on the table. And
behind him is his mom who is a little,
you know, harried, let's say. And she's
going, "Oh, no, not this now." And so
she's turning around and she's calling
little Roland. And she's saying,
"Roland, you're acting like and then I
can fill in almost anything." And some
of the things that he gets he's been
called. We're told he he's acting like
are pretty crazy. I mean, when they
first did this, the caption was not
personalized, but she's she was telling
him, "Roland, you're acting like a
Democrat." or roll a director like a

[29:00]
Democrat." or roll a director like a
Republican or a member of Congress.
Insert anything. Yeah. Anything. Yeah.
Yeah. That's a good example of how the
same cartoon could be customized to a
larger audience, right? Like, you know,
millions all at once. Yeah. That is one
thing that AI could do very well is you
hand make a cartoon and but you have AI
plug in thousands or hundreds or dozens
of different variables that make it
custom to each person you're sending it
to. You could I mean this sounds silly
because it's like one great grain of
sand on the beach then describe it but
one of the uses that would be
interesting is to just have dossier
produced let people really quickly find
some handle something that they they
love to do that they're always talking
about something like that they're just
posting about now that would be very
cool one thing that you can do with deep
research is you can go take someone's
let's say their Twitter handle let's say
it's Mark Cuban but and his let's
pretend that Twitter handle is

[30:00]
pretend that Twitter handle is
basketweaving42 and it's like basketw
weaving42 interesting and then you go to
deep research or just Google but for a
more surface level approach you just
search in quotations basketw weaver 42
and then you can see oh he had a Tumblr
account from 2008 where he wrote a
thousand words a day about his love of
basket weaving yada but like he's never
talked about it in decades but you know
that's not him now you could use that
angle to approach him in a way that you
can guarantee no one else is using cuz
surely he's getting hit up by all kinds
of people. Don't you find things like
someone is coaching, this is actually a
real story, but someone spouse, so the
target person's spouse was coaching
their little little league team and so
the person that was to reach out decided
to become a sponsor of the little league
team and and so those are things that
you couldn't do. Yeah. You just wouldn't
know about what's going on to to say,
"Okay, that's something we could we can
sink our teeth into and do something
actually kind of a nice thing to do."
The sponsoring of a little league team

[31:00]
The sponsoring of a little league team
anyway. It's great. It's a great
purpose. Yeah. I mean, what if you had a
physical product like the tongue brusher
and you found out that one of the buyers
in the dental category in Bentonville
who had a son on Little League and you
paid $300 for like you that guy's
relationship might be worth $3 million.
You pay $300 for a logo for the tongue
that you will never sell any through
that ad alone. And he may that guy might
not even ever even know that you
sponsored it. He might not ever even
notice the sign on the outfield. But if
you reach out to him and you reference
it, that's the key. And then he can
reference it. He can fact check you and
be like, "Whoa, this guy's committed.
Holy cow. Oh, okay. I'll take your call.
I'll take your call." Right. I think,
you know, when people see that that goes
back to that auditioning again. When
people see that kind of well, let's say
audacity, but also just I don't know,
just gumption. Yeah.
They are they're very proactive. They
get things done. I mean, just how they
get things done. People want to act
rather they want to work with people

[32:00]
rather they want to work with people
like that. Yeah. I mean sometimes it can
be as simple I did this with the late
John McAfee. I cold emailed him to pitch
him something which is a very generic
loweffort way of pitching someone. But
how I differentiated was by saying I
want to pitch this in person. I will be
at your house. You name the date and
time. And he said okay. And I showed up
at his house and I spent all day there.
Right. And I I meant it. I had no plane
ticket to Yeah. Yeah, I had no ticket to
Lexington, Tennessee, but I bought one
after he said, "Come to my house." So,
well, kudos. You can also like That's
great stuff. Thank you. Yeah, you can
find hybrid approaches. You can use like
the generic loweffort methods to, you
know, to lead into the higher effort
methods. This whole notion of getting
meetings that change your life. I was
just on a mastermind earlier today and
someone had asked, well, you know, I
work with people who are they're in the
middle of job searches and they're kind
of worried about they don't want to look
like they're silly or I don't know what
it is. Like they don't want to be
embarrassed, I suppose, because then

[33:01]
embarrassed, I suppose, because then
maybe they wouldn't get the job. And I'm
thinking, well, what you're describing
is someone who's saying, I don't want to
stand out so that I stand out for the
job. How's that supposed to make sense?
It doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Yeah.
It's kind of like the principle of like
bringing donuts with your resume to the
office, right? Instead of just emailing
it in. Yes. They don't want to look
dumb. And we actually talked about the
doughnut box. Well, two donut two donut
boxes. So, one one was the donuts full
of I mean the box full of donuts with a
resume taped to it perhaps, but then
another is one that Dale Dri does that
is an empty box. So, it still has it has
the stain donuts were in it. So, you
could see that there oil stains and so
on and little sprinkles and so on. And
then there's a note inside that said,
you know, I I bought the box for us to
celebrate, let's say, our new deal
together, but I was waiting I kept I was
waiting for so long I ended up eating
all the donuts and Oh my gosh. So, he's
giving that is so genius, you know,
experience, you know. Oh, that is so
genius because here's the thing, like a
box of donuts at an office is

[34:01]
box of donuts at an office is
ubiquitous. It's not special, right?
It's not really going to get around that
there are donuts though. Still still a
good idea, you know? No, hear me out.
I'm saying like a box of actual donuts
is like, "Okay, cool. He's unique, but
we've seen it before." A box with no
donuts is like, "Hold up. Wait, there's
a guy that brought Are you sure that
someone like people just start talking
and that's the whole idea, right?" Oh,
yeah. Absolutely. It is. Yeah. I like
that a lot. Absolutely. And I could
share with you there's so many cool
stories. I mean, Leonardo da Vinci was
the earliest example rather. He was
involved with something that was the
earliest example I've heard. And I'm
sure it goes much further back than
that, but that was pretty cool. Again,
it's a we're auditioning and that's how
you show up to people.
That's amazing. It's like, wow, who is
this? I have to instead of going because
we're interrupting if we're doing this,
if we're asking someone for a meeting,
we're asking basically I mean, what
we're doing is we're interrupting their
day. So, if we're doing that, we want it
to go from I guess their questions,
their impression to go from who's this

[35:01]
their impression to go from who's this
to oh my god, who is this? And when you
do that, man, magic happens. That's
amazing. Oh, Stu, this has been amazing.
There's a lot of gold in this. I'm
excited to share it. So, tell us the
name of your book again so we can go out
and buy it. It is called How to Get a
Meeting with Anyone. And I'll I'll hold
it up if you're watching. There it is.
How to Get a Meeting with Anyone. Okay.
By Stu Heinik. June 3rd. Comes out June
3rd. And oh, it's already out. It's been
out for a long time, but the new edition
comes out June 3rd. Thank you for
joining us, Ste. This was amazing. Where
can we get in touch with you
if you can either go to my author site
that's
steinik.com and then the other way to do
it is to just connect with me on
LinkedIn and mention that you listen in
on our conversation. All right. What you
think? Should I have Steu on again? Tell
more stories, more examples. Let me know
in the comments. See you next time on
the Kerner