[00:00]
So, open AI, I told you first. Yeah, it
told me first. Oh my gosh. And gave me
the juice before their CEOs even
announced it. Your competitors are not
doing this yet. This is the easiest I
could make it for someone that doesn't
know AI well and doesn't want to hire an
agency. You can entirely launch it off
of this strategy. Low lift, zero out of
pocket. You're going to start getting
customers on day two. 300 bucks a
customer starting now. All you have to
do
is
Ideas, ideas, ideas. My brain is hurting
right now. Back in September, I had my
friend Brandon on. And Brandon owns an 8
figureure marketing agency. This was
episode 60. It was a fan favorite, so I
wanted to have him on again and talk
business ideas, specifically small
business growth hack ideas. I don't
think we've ever fit this many growth or
business ideas into a shorter episode. I
had to split it into two episodes or
else your brain would have exploded.
You'll hear part two of this episode a
week from today. I don't even know where
to begin. You're going to love it. So,
without further ado, please enjoy. Okay,

[01:02]
without further ado, please enjoy. Okay,
so here's an idea. QR codes on yard
signs. If you're a home services
company, a lot of times you'll leave a
yard sign afterwards, right? Or you'll
ask the homeowner if you can, whether
it's, you know, landscaping or window
cleaning or whatever. So, here's my
idea. On the yard sign, have your little
logo on the top. Have a big old QR code
and then a big bold letters. have it say
like scan for a prize and have that be a
lead genen for you for your business
where they just have to enter their you
know name
email phone number whatever and have a
prize give away Amazon gift card or you
can aggregate you know a gift card to a
restaurant plus something plus something
else all from local businesses but I
feel like if especially if it's in a
regular neighborhood where they'll get a
lot of walkbys from your other neighbors
It'll be something that people would
actually look at and scan if it's right

[02:01]
actually look at and scan if it's right
there instead of just a random thing
that's, you know, Joe's Landscaping
call, you know, 916 blah blah blah for
service. I love that idea. Would you put
like the brand of the home services
company on there as well or is it like a
total they don't know what they're about
to get when they scan it? I think both
because I think without the logo it
would be it could almost be more
intriguing like why does Maryanne have
this big old QR code in her front yard?
I'm just going to scan it to see what
she's doing. But then yeah, also have
the version that has you know your logo
but still scan for prize and then see
what happens. But okay, I like that a
lot. I'm trying to think of other ways
you could take it. It's kind of like
you're you're merging online and
offline. Like you're bringing a lead
magnet. And for those listening, a lead
magnet would be like, let's say you have
a landscaping business. You see online a
lead magnet to get greener grass. Ebook,
a free ebook on how to get greener
grass. And then you're in their
marketing funnel and maybe they'll

[03:00]
marketing funnel and maybe they'll
they'll hire you as your landscaper. You
could totally do something like that.
Like let's just say with landscaping,
it's like Chris's landscaping. Scan here
for a free prize. And then it's like
free appetizer from our local Applebees
or something. Or maybe it's just a
drawing for a $100 Amazon gift card and
they scan you get their email and then
you start marketing to them. Yeah, I
think it'd be good. I love it. And
related to that, I thought of another
idea. And all the ideas I'm going to try
to share today are like things that
someone could do without hiring an a
marketing agency or whatever. So, this
one I just called like neighbor blitz.
So, when you're if you are the type of
business that goes to people's homes,
when you go,
bring coupons and door hangers. Door
hangers so you can easily just like, you
know, bring six and just put it by the
six closest neighbors. But coupons to
give to your client, your customer that
they can hand out to their neighbors

[04:00]
they can hand out to their neighbors
that is customized to them. So, you
know, they could give if I just had
landscaping done, they could give me
five coupons to share with my friends.
It's like, mention you got it from
Brandon on, you know, Central Avenue and
you get 10% off or 20% off your first
service with this company because I
would be much more likely to give
someone a coupon than to just shout out
to the masses, hey, go hire Joe's
Landscaping. Pretty please. They did a
good job for me. It's like an incentive
for a referral, right? Yeah. Yeah. I
haven't seen anyone do either of these,
at least not where I live in Utah, which
is why I was thinking they would
probably stand out. Yeah. I mean, if
someone was doing it, it would be in
Utah, right? Yeah, that's true. So, so
let's say you cut someone's lawn, you go
up to the homeowner, you hand them a
flyer, right? And what's on that flyer?
It's the coupon that it says it'll it

[05:02]
It's the coupon that it says it'll it
would say my name. So it' be ideally
it'd be a little bit customized and so I
could hand it out to my neighbors and
they would get the 20% off if they just
mentioned they got it from me. Okay. 20%
off the service or something else. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's like So it's kind
of a similar vein. You're merging online
and offline. You're bringing affiliate
marketing to home services. Yeah.
Genius. low
lift,0 out of pocket. Do you think this
would be like a custom QR code? Like
basically it's an affiliate link that's
linked to that QR code. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, why not? Cuz if you do that, then
you can track it by person. And if you
do have a neighbor or two, you know, a
customer or two that's really doing a
great job, then you might want to hook
them up and turn them into an actual,
you know, lead gen source for you. This
is something I think about all the time
that like 98% of business owners are not
nearly aggressive or assertive enough in

[06:00]
nearly aggressive or assertive enough in
asking for referrals. Right. Right. It's
usually like a if they do anything, it's
a throwaway comment as they walk away.
If you need anyone else who needs a
bounce house, let me know. But why not
like, hey, post a picture of this bounce
house with all these kids playing right
now in front of me. Show it to me and
I'm going to give you $100. That's it.
$100. And You don't know what the
conversion rate's going to be for the
first five to 10 times, but after that
you will be very confident to maybe say
$200 or maybe only $20. Yeah. You know,
because the average mom's going to have
700 friends. Of those 700, 200 are going
to live in that local area. Of those
200, maybe 5% of them, 10 people are
going to get a bounce house rental. 500
bucks a pop. That's five grand. And you
give them a $100 Amazon gift card for
that. Like, why aren't people more
intentional about that? Maybe because
there isn't a a system like this that
enables them to do that more easily,
right? Yeah. I mean, riffing off of
that, you could try to get a
partnership. I mean, everybody likes
restaurants, right? So So here's how

[07:00]
restaurants, right? So So here's how
this works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell, just
like that. Thank you. try to get a
partnership where you might buy gift
cards to local restaurants at a discount
yourself. So, you could buy a $50 gift
card from the restaurant owner for 30
bucks. Then, you give the $50 gift card
out as the prize and you could ask the
homeowner once you're done with the
service, whether it's pest control or
window cleaning or whatever, you can
say, "Hey, are you a part of any like
neighborhood Facebook groups?" And
they're like, "Oh, yeah, I'm actually a
part of whatever, you know, Dallas Moms
Unite." And then you're like, "Well, our
owner us this thing where if you just
show me that you post on it, then I can
just give you this gift card right now.
Do you want to do that?" And then just
kind of act like like it's this weird
thing like be willing to sit in the
awkwardness for 20 seconds or whoever

[08:00]
awkwardness for 20 seconds or whoever
your employee is. But a lot of people
would be like, "Oh, yeah. I mean, I love
you already, so sure, why not?" And then
boom. to there's a lot of money to be
made by being willing to sit in the
awkwardness. And serving a mission is a
great way to practice this. When I
taught seminary, early morning seminary,
I'd ask them a question and they would
just give me these blank stairs and I
would just be like I would just stare
back and it would be like 90 seconds
sometimes, like a painful amount of
time, but I just wouldn't give. There's
I mean I wasn't making any money doing
that, but it's the same principle. Yeah,
you could even take it a step further
and say, let's say it's in a mom's
group. My wife's in a mom's group. It's
called Moms That Get Around. The worst
named Mom's Group ever. Okay. But it's
like it's just chalk full of referrals
and hey, I need my car fixed. Any auto
body guys? Like, and they like these
these referrals are sacred. Even though
the moms, most of the moms don't know
each other personally, but they've all
been in this group for years. And so,
it's a very high trust society in there.

[09:01]
it's a very high trust society in there.
You could take a step further and say,
"Hey, give you 50 buck Amazon gift card
and I think it's important that you have
a physical Amazon gift card like in your
truck right then, right? $50 Amazon gift
card and I'm going to text you a link.
This is a custom link and I'm going to
give you an extra 20 bucks for everyone
who signs up with your link. Tell them
that you'll put the link in the top
comment so Facebook doesn't deboost the
post." Yeah. That way they're
incentivized to not delete it after you
leave and they get their money and
they're incentivized to really ham it up
because they're they could make five
times as much money through the
affiliate link. No one is doing that
with bounce house rentals or pressure
washing or landscaping or anything like
no one. Yeah. And if you if you were to
tell them, you know, once you have a one
case study, you could say, "Yeah, last
time we did this, Shelly posted, she's
the neighborhood over. She posted and we
ended up paying her 450 bucks, which We
thought we were going to pay her, but I
mean, we got some good customers from
it, so we're all happy. And then that,
you know, whoever is hearing this heard

[10:00]
you know, whoever is hearing this heard
that Shel made 450, they're going to
want to do it. Yeah. Oh, man. That's so
good. Let me bounce one back at you. I
keep thinking about this rock in a Flyer
idea. Over the summer, I interviewed
Daniel. He owns a pressure washing
business. He he owns like a bunch of
home service businesses. And he said,
"The only thing you need to do when you
launch a home service business is to
find a targeted neighborhood, get a
bunch of rocks, buy a bag of rocks at
Home Depot for 10 bucks, get a bunch of
bags." And he he named specifically,
he's like, "They need to be like 4 by 10
in open, not nothing sealed, not a
ziplock. You need to get a flyer that's
the same shape as the bag. You put the
flyer and the rock in the bag. You
staple it and you drive around and you
throw it on the driveway. Throw it on
the driveway." And then he said, "You
don't ever pick up the phone the first
day because almost 100% of those first
day calls are people that are angry at
you, but from the second day on, you
pick up the call." And he he swears, and
I don't remember what the exact
percentage was. They go back and listen

[11:00]
percentage was. They go back and listen
to it. It is going to be
episode I've never heard this strategy.
This is awesome. This episode did really
well. Episode 123 and episode 127. He
came on, it was a two-part episode. He
swears that his response rate is like 10
or 20%. With this method and it's really
high and the cost on this is like 10
cents plus like 10 seconds of time
because it's really quick. He's like, "I
set them up in my basement. I get my
kids. We set up a sixoot folding table.
Rock, fly, bag, staple, done. Load up
like a milk crate full of them." And
he's like, "It's very important you pick
the right neighborhood." He's like, "If
we're doing Christmas lights, we go to
this neighborhood. If we're doing
pressure washing, we go to that
neighborhood. If you get the
neighborhood right, you will have a
double digit percent respon like not
response rate, like close rate. That's
amazing. Okay. Cuz it's like you just
see a a piece of trash with a rock in it
sitting in your driveway, you're 100%
going to read it. So, I was just
thinking like, how could you scale that?
Like, could you offer that as a service

[12:01]
Like, could you offer that as a service
for other home service businesses? Could
you launch a higher ticket home service
business only on that type of marketing?
Yeah, I feel like you could. I mean,
it's just so different than the packets
of mailers that I get like every 3 days.
I have 40 mailers in them that I don't
even see anymore because they're just
endless. That's a genius idea. I feel
like you could do it with the pitch, but
you could also do it with like a
giveaway. It could just be more like a a
PSA, like, "Hey, we have a giveaway.
Here's what it entails. It
entails, you know, a free bid on this
and this, which is yours and something
completely non-related. It also is, you
know, $100 to whatever BO's Mexican food
restaurant,
$100 to the Airborne Trampoline Park,
and $50 in flowers. And it's like, oh
gosh, I get all that stuff. All I have
to do is scan this code or call this
number. Yeah. Or what if like you opened

[13:01]
number. Yeah. Or what if like you opened
uh you open a restaurant and you just go
to the neighborhood around your
restaurant and it's like free egg rolls,
free appetizer only to those homes right
there that are going to be driving by
your restaurant every day. Like I would
just love to AB test that against direct
mail. Yeah. Because direct mail still
works even for restaurants. Yeah. I just
love like oh this is my retirement. My
retirement is finding really niche
marketing methods like these and just
testing it with the most offthe-wall
things. Like I get roofers knocking on
my door every week and the second I see
their face, I hate them. I just I just
hate them. It's nothing personal. I I
knock doors for two years. I just don't
like usually just cuz they're
interrupting me and I'm only answering
the door because I think it's someone
bringing my wife something. Yeah. Yeah.
And I don't have a a keyhole or whatever
of people. But if I needed something
done with my roof and I had one of these
on my driveway, for me personally, it
stands out cuz it's not intrusive and it
it's just different. Like, no one thinks
the ads work for them, but they they

[14:02]
the ads work for them, but they they
work for all of us. Like, I I was
shopping for homeowners insurance and I
got a piece of direct mail for
homeowners insurance and I called them
up. Yeah. I was thinking about getting
like True Green to come spray my lawn. I
was just thinking about it and I got
direct mail from True Green and I called
them up and it was just it was right
time. Yeah. And I think that's a lot of
it. But yeah, for sure. Next one. Okay,
this is this is the easiest I could make
it for for someone that doesn't know AI
well and doesn't want to hire an agency.
Here it is though. Large language models
like Chad GBT, more and more people are
using them as Google, right? Your
competitors are not optimizing to be
found in the search from Chad GPT.
Guaranteed. Okay? Okay? Cuz it's so new.
So, whoever is listening to this, your
competitors are not doing this yet. So,
all you have to do is be first and write
out content to post on your website that

[15:03]
out content to post on your website that
is the type of content that ChatGpt
likes and will surface for the answers.
So, I put in I just a landscaping
website just as a test into chat GBT. I
said, "I own blah blah blah.com
landscaping. Can you write me quality
in-depth blog posts for my website that
will rank well in LLM searching on chat
GPT tailored to specific and relevant
searches?" That's all I did. So, it's
not like a fancy prompt. And then
ChatGpt's reply to me, I'm looking on my
screen right now, but it gave me a ton
of topics, why it would work in
ChatgPT's search engine, an extra angle
on how to beat competing answers and my
competitors, how to structure the
content, and then it just says, "Do you
want me to start writing this?" And I
said, "Yeah." And then it just started
writing all the answers. And then you

[16:00]
writing all the answers. And then you
just take that and just put on your put
on your website, put on your blog. Now
your blog is the only one in your
competitive market who has the the
relevant content that these new
language models are going to be using to
find the answers from. You could also
throw in your FAQs like what are the
most normal FAQs that you get as a
business owner? What are the normal
questions that you get? Add those to the
list. have chat GPT do it. You do you
you heard my prompt. It was not fancy at
all. It'll just do it all for you. Copy
paste on your blog. Boom. You're done.
And you'll beat everyone in the gradual
future. I love that. My only potential
push back is do we know or how do we
know that chat GPT is actually telling
us like a method that they actually use
to find content on the internet? you
know, is there any way of really knowing
that? That's a that's a fair question. I

[17:00]
that? That's a that's a fair question. I
don't know that we know 100%, but the
the answer that it gave me was really
good, which is true, which is like the
way that chat GPT services answers is
very similar to the way that Google
surfaces the like people also asked
questions. That type of more structured
content is how is kind of what these
large language models look for. That'd
be my answer to that.
Also a few weeks ago when it was it
became rumored that chat GPT is working
on an e-commerce integration.
So then I myself chatted to chat GPT
asking them if those rumors were true
and it replied saying yes they're
working on a Shopify e-commerce checkout
integration. And then like later they
announced it publicly as did the CEO of
Shopify. So So Open I told you first.

[18:00]
Shopify. So So Open I told you first.
Yeah. It told me first and I Oh my gosh.
Yeah. And I tweeted about it and it it
it was my you know I'm I don't ever go
viral but it was my most viral tweet of
the year because it was just so funny
that it answered my question and gave me
the juice before their CEOs even
announced it. That's amazing. And now
you have me sent down a rabbit hole. I'm
currently looking at my Google Analytics
and YouTube Analytics to see how much
traffic that ChatGpt is sending me. I
want to share my screen real quick. That
is my YouTube traffic from ChatGpt. It's
not big numbers, but they're climbing.
Yeah, they're climbing. And it's the
only LLM sending me traffic. None of the
other ones are. Yeah. And what's
interesting is my average view duration
is 3 minutes 54 seconds on that and it's
3 minutes overall. So 30% higher quality
viewer which is interesting.
Interesting. And I think that's going to
be the case in general is for the decent
while your traffic totals aren't going

[19:03]
while your traffic totals aren't going
to be huge from chat GBT, but the
quality of people and conversions are
going to be a lot higher because
typically it's going to be a much more
specific question that uh it's answering
and then sending your way. I just can't
believe that like Chad GBT told you
stuff that wasn't public yet. Like did
some engineer screw up there or what?
Like yeah, I don't know. Maybe people
were like guessing about it and it used
that, you know, maybe I asked it
only a few minutes after someone had
tweeted a screenshot of the source code
on Twitter. It's not like it was it had
a it didn't have anything really to pull
from yet. So video is cool, but you know
what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter.
Tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.

[20:00]
it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.
tkopod.com. I think that's a really
interesting kind of a subtle marketing
or sales tool. We can learn from Chad
GBT. You said, and I noticed this every
time I use it, but I don't think it used
to do this. ChatGpt ends its responses
with a like a a request to prompt it
again.
Right. Mhm. He's like, "What did you say
just a couple minutes ago that it asked
you at the end?" After it gave me the
whole outline, it asked me, "Do you want
me aka chat to start writing all the
content that it gave me the outline
for?" Oh, right. Said yes. Right. From a
surface level, it's like, "Well, that's
stupid." Like, they're burning so many
millions of dollars on this processing,
all this compute power, right? Like, why
would they be begging us to use it more?
It's like, well, they want us to be
addicted to it. They want us like and
but there's a lesson Amazon started
when it was undercut everyone because
they just wanted to hook you. Yep. I
once heard from like I don't remember
but in the sales world you never want to

[21:01]
but in the sales world you never want to
get off like a sales call or maybe
you're just an account manager. You
never want to get off that call without
having another call in the books
already. And I don't care what it is
that you're selling. Maybe you're in
sales, high ticket, B2B, SAS, doesn't
matter. Yeah. Bam fam. That was the
saying I learned. Book book a meeting
from a meeting. From a meeting. That's
what it is. Book a meeting from a
meeting. And that's the same principle
that chat GBT is using. And it's the
same thing that Facebook does. Facebook
Messenger does inside Facebook
Marketplace. It removes the friction.
It's like you just click a button. Are
you interested? And then you can click a
button. Yes. Like where is it? And
that's become like a meme. I've seen so
many reels of people like reenacting
Facebook Marketplace in real life. Have
you seen those? Uhhuh. Where it's like
there's just like a guy pulling up in a
truck and he's like, "Hey, is that
dresser still for sale?" And they're
like, "Yeah, it is." And then he just
drives away. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like
that's so common because they've removed
all the friction. So, it's so easy for a

[22:01]
all the friction. So, it's so easy for a
potential buyer on Facebook Marketplace
to just bounce. And we're all guilty of
it. That's just the trade-off. That's
that's what was making me think when you
talked about the yard signs with a QR
code. You could put nothing on there,
just a QR code, and it's like, "Oh, I'm
going to scan because I'm curious." But
there's a trade-off. You'll get more
scans, you know, lower intent. Whereas,
if you say, "Scan this to get a free 20%
off coupon at Applebee's." Fewer people
will scan it. Many people don't like
Applebee's, but the ones that do will be
much higher quality, higher intent,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Oh, man.
We're covering a lot of ground here. All
right. What's next? Here's another one I
heard the other day in in the TK owners
community actually was somebody was
saying how why don't more companies
partner with each other where they don't
overlap at all. Why don't more roofers
partner with painters? Yes. And just
co-arket all the time or something that
maybe is is seasonal. You know, why
don't more Christmas light companies

[23:01]
don't more Christmas light companies
partner with whatever landscaping
companies? Because the the your customer
is used to somebody coming to their
house to perform a service. So, just
just work together. So find other
companies in your local geographic area
that also are, you know, well-rated and,
you know, meet with the owner and maybe
similar size as you and just figure out,
you know, you have 400 customers, they
have 370 customers, you guys don't
compete at all. Work figure out how to
work together and and help each other
win. I think that's also one maybe
because it takes a little more effort at
the beginning, but it's just time, a few
hours. figure out a how do you do it
logistically could be as simple as just
sending out texts and emails promoting
the other person's service but but
definitely a very low lift with a very
high potential ROI a thousand% I'm so on
board with that I'm finding examples of

[24:00]
board with that I'm finding examples of
this right now so one company that was
so good at this and it's kind of it's
kind of similar kind of different AOL
right we all remember AOL's viral
marketing strategy I did a deep I spent
like three hours one day learning about
how they sent their free internet CDs
around the world and it's just the best
thing in the whole world in my life that
I love the most. Okay.
It was this woman, I forget her name,
but AOL had just burst out onto the
scene. They were one of a thousand new
internet service providers. They were
generic. And she's like, "Let's send out
some CDs." And they were like, "What?
Huh?" You like, "Yeah, let's just, you
know, some free 100 hours of internet."
Okay, cool. They sent it out and it
crushed expectations. Like absolutely
just crushed like delivering free
internet in the mail to the internet
curious that just got a computer in the
home for the first time. Yeah. Right
place, right time, product market fit.
Okay. And then they were like they they
were putting over $und00 million a year

[25:02]
were putting over $und00 million a year
into this one marketing campaign, which
is just such a a brilliant testament to
like, yeah, test everything except
drugs, but find the one channel and just
beat it to death and still until it has
a negative ROI. So then AOL got even
more creative and they're like, you know
what, we don't compete with Blockbuster.
Let's stick ourselves on every single
Blockbuster video. Done. You know what?
Why don't we put ourselves under the
seat of under every seat at the Super
Bowl? Done. Let's put a CD in every new
modem and printer that's sold. Done.
Software boxes, cereal boxes, popcorn
boxes, free CD racks, checkout lines at
the grocery stores, end caps, like
millions and millions and millions. And
then they kept going up on the hours,
100 hours, 500 hours, thousand hours
free because all of their testing showed
that it just worked. It converted
amazingly. Yeah, I'm having deja vu now
remembering 1995 when I was 11 years old

[26:01]
remembering 1995 when I was 11 years old
man and just seeing those CDs everywhere
at the grocery store and stuff. They at
one point 50% of all CDs produced in the
world were these AOL free internet CDs
and they spent over $300 million on this
campaign. Couple more facts. They
acquired one you new user for every
three CDs sent. 33% close rate on like a
SAS product, right? They went from like
10,000 users to 35 million users over
the course of like three to four years
with this one channel. Yeah, that's
that's amazing. They were spending a
dollar on per CD including shipping and
everything. So spending $3 to acquire a
customer that would pay $50 a month for
years. Yeah. I'm trying to find. Okay,
so they still every now and then I hear
about what their revenue is from that
initial cohort of customers and in a
quick Google search they in
20 21 they were still making 180 million

[27:03]
20 21 they were still making 180 million
in annual revenue from the AOL advantage
program which is basically internet
security like protection stuff. So,
they're still doing nine figures a year
in revenue from that business life. Oh
my gosh. Another company that does this
really well today is Crumble. Like
there's a Crumble cereal. They have like
Crumble scented like lotions out there.
They partner with influencers like Kylie
Jenner for like special crumble cookies.
Like I just I love finding companies big
or small that are just brilliant
marketers and just saying, "Okay, I'm
going to copy that." like how can I copy
that? Yeah, I I saw a big private equity
firm just acquired a big stake in
Crumble actually like a week or two. I
saw that. Yeah. Back to your original
idea. I didn't mean to get us off track,
but like I don't see a reason why a
plumbing company isn't partnering with
an HVAC company or roofing company, like
you said, with a painting company. I
mean, maybe they're so busy they don't

[28:00]
mean, maybe they're so busy they don't
need to, but it's a no-brainer. Yeah. I
mean, if this is growth hacks for small
businesses, then theoretically whoever's
listening wants to grow. So try it.
Yeah. Yeah. Or like even if you don't
have a business like this is a
piggyback, right? Like Yeah. You could
you launch a painting company and you I
would find a home service business that
has like a very high volume of
customers. So I wouldn't go to a roofing
company, right? But like a landscaping
company, someone that's serving 50
customers a day and say, "Hey, would you
mind dropping our name to the homeowner
and I'll give you $300 for every
customer we get?" Yeah. you know. No,
that is a good that's a really good idea
actually. If somebody wants to launch a
business, launch it. You can entirely
launch it off of this strategy.
You can get your website by your website
first. Throw it up super quick. Get a
phone number. Make sure that you or
someone you know is going to be ready to
handle the, you know, calls and the
customers. And then do exactly what you
just said and just go to a landscaper, a

[29:01]
just said and just go to a landscaper, a
painter, whatever else if you're doing
window cleaning and say, "Yeah, 300
bucks a customer starting now." And
you're just you're going to start
getting customers on day two. All right,
what' you think? Come back in one week
from today for part two with Brandon
because that one's even better. Thanks
for listening here on the Kerner