[00:00]
Did you know that people are making
money with 11 Labs pretty passively? I
have zero doubt. Tell me about it. I
have videos right now that are
indistinguishable from humans. You might
as well monetize it. Facebook is
probably paying them six figures. I need
an AI army of faces that I trust to like
actually go and say exactly what I need
them to say when I need them to say it
so I can go make these ads. Generating
leads without my face or without a real
human needing to shoot content. It's a
no-brainer. Listen, get rich. We all
want silver bullet. Yeah, everyone wants
to get rich, dude. Let's get rich
[Music]
together. Welcome to the Ker office. I'm
back with Sam today, my good friend.
He's been on about 12 or 15 times, and
we caught up today about this
hummingbird nectar e-commerce business
that he launched in public. He's got
thousands of dollars in sales the first
few weeks. We didn't get to that to the
end, but it's really, really
interesting. We talked about video
generation. We talked about Hey Genen,
content creation, making money by having

[01:00]
content creation, making money by having
your voice cloned with 11 Labs and then
licensing out your voice to others. Of
course, we talked about Facebook ads,
billboard marketing, comparing the two.
Lots of gold nuggets in here. It's going
to be a two-parter, so come back a week
from today for part two and share with a
friend. Did you know that people are
making money with 11 Labs pretty
passively? I have zero doubt. Tell me
about it. They're like basically
licensing out the rights to their voice.
Sick. They're like uploading their voice
and saying this can be one of the voices
that 11 Lab users choose from. They pay
out like a proportional rev share of
that. Actually, isn't that cool? Yeah.
So, I actually noticed when I was
picking voices yesterday, I was like,
"These feel userenerated." Like, they
didn't all follow like the 11 Labs
default voice vibe. It was like it felt
like actual everyday people that were
like uploading it. I didn't know they
had a monetization model on the back.
Yeah, that's awesome. Honestly, like,
and you don't have to have a killer
voice to do that. I spend so much time

[02:00]
voice to do that. I spend so much time
on 11 Labs trying to find
nonprofessional sounding voices
because like I don't always want studio
quality like deep. I don't want Morgan
Freeman reading my ads. Like I want
Sally from North Carolina in there like
to run. One of the commenters was saying
like, "I have a really stupid voice or I
have a thick accent." Like, "I'm an
Indian-American with a thick accent. It
wouldn't work for me." And the original
poster was like, "This is the best for
you." Like, you have like an outlier
voice. Yeah. Unique voice. Like, that's
People want it. It's a no-brainer. So,
for those listening, you want to make a
few hundred bucks a month, go clone your
voice on 11 Labs. I might do that. Like,
get this voice all over the internet. I
want to do it, but I'm kind of scared.
Like, are people going to copy my
content even more perfectly? True, true.
They had my voice. True. I would I'd be
over here with a AI version of you in
two minutes, dude.
[Applause]
To be honest, it's not going to stop
them, dude. They just download all your
podcasts, upload them all into 11 Labs,

[03:01]
podcasts, upload them all into 11 Labs,
and clone your
anyway. Yeah, you know what I mean?
That's the frustrating thing about that
guy on Instagram that copies me is I
can't file any copyright strikes because
it's a different language. Like, the
algorithm doesn't care. It doesn't see
it as the same thing at all. Yeah,
that's fair. But if you post it first in
language, then you can. Absolutely.
Oh, I see what you're going. That's
easy. Have you heard of Cling AI? K L I
N G. That's the backend video engine,
the 2.0 version. Most expensive, takes
the longest, but by far the best. You
can get similar results from 1.6, but
you have to be way better at prompting
versus 2.0. You can just like let it
ride, dude. It's so nice. Okay. So, like
I I still want to get to hummingbirds,
but there's like three things I want to
talk about before then. That's fine,
dude. It's fine. It's all It's all about
YouTube retention, baby. It's cool.
We're going to talk about hummingbirds
at the end. Everyone's dying to hear
about hummingbirds. They're like, "Dude,
what are they saying,
dude? Hummingbirds." The weakest

[04:01]
dude? Hummingbirds." The weakest
retention hack ever. Hummingbirds.
It's this Facebook account that posts
100% AI generated videos. They post like
5 to 10 a day and it's I swear it's just
some click farm out of China. You could
tell they're trying to look westernized.
All right, Jacob and friends. This
popped up in my feed and I'm not trying
to offend any of our older listeners,
but this is Boomer Bait. I'm calling
this Boomer. Okay, so look at these look
at these videos. You can tell before
even clicking that they're I know it's
good. Yep. Millions of views. I'm going
to click on this one that has Okay,
here's one.
[Music]
Oh jeez.
The tiger got hit in the face by the
chainsaw like four times. But it's
totally fine.
Oh my gosh.
Like, okay, it's AI, right? It is AI,

[05:02]
Like, okay, it's AI, right? It is AI,
but like it's so realistic. Is it? Or am
I just There's another one. Oh, he's got
one with the the snow leopard underneath
the log, dude. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To your
Oh, that one, too. Oh, this one has
blood on its mouth, too.
That guy looks real. His movements look
real. Like this right here, this looks
100% real to me. I know it does.
And then this the one that that popped
up in my feed. It's always babies.
There's always a baby in danger because
they know that no one's going to swipe.
Look at this. Look at all these tree on
animal videos. The tree on animal work,
dude. There is tree on lion helicopter
picking up giant turtle. Oh my gosh.
Okay, here we go.
[Music]
This is a baby floating in the water in
a flood and a German Shepherd is in a
car pulling the baby up out of the
[Music]

[06:00]
[Music]
water. Okay. So, so here's how this
works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. What do we do with
this? Is this just interesting? Can this
be monetized? Like these guys are
monetized. Facebook is probably paying
them six. And that's what it is. It's
it's I think that you're you're limited
in your monetization, right? because
you're just getting paid for impressions
really like at the end of the day. But
like that's not a bad business model.
Like if you can get to the scale of
content like let it ride. Do you know
how to make videos like these that are
this long? Because Yeah. You just you
put multiple scenes. Cling video. Yeah.
Scenes together. Okay. You just keep
adding on to it. Yeah. I just love that
they found a format like, oh yeah, a
tiger under a tree is going to work, so
let's do a lion under a tree. Oh, a baby
in a flood's gonna work. Let's do a baby

[07:00]
in a flood's gonna work. Let's do a baby
in a house fire, you know? Yeah.
It's just wild. It works, dude. There's
a bunch of people that are doing similar
like micro movies. I'm trying to get to
that spot with ads as well. Yeah, it's
an interesting use case. Like these just
look like they're like impression
farming, right? Like they're just trying
to get as many views as humanly
possible. All of these boomers are
sending it to their friend like, "Oh my
gosh, look at how real this AI looks,
right?" Like, yeah, the whole thing. And
they're getting paid for that. And
that's sick. Yeah, that's awesome. You
see the comments. Oh, amazing. Wow.
Thank you, dog, for saving the baby.
Great work. Well done. Yeah. Seriously,
someone stood by and filmed this.
Oh my gosh. So funny, dude. So, what is
this cloning business? How are you
cloning people? Basically, the problem
that we've been running into is at scale
content creation specifically for ads.

[08:00]
content creation specifically for ads.
Because like when I'm testing ads, I
want 15 variations of hooks, of
headlines, of all of these different
pieces, which gets hard when you're
dealing with real human beings. people
are busy and it's just not on their
priority list and it slows me down from
being able to generate ad creatives. And
the ones that perform the best, like we
use statics, don't get me wrong, but
like the ones that perform the best
generally have some degree of a video
element going on. And so I was like,
"All right, like I need a I need an AI
army of faces that I trust to like
actually go and say exactly what I need
them to say when I need them to say it
so I can go make these ads." And so this
week, I just decided that I'm just going
to solve it. I was like, I'm just going
to figure this thing out. And when you
say solve it, you mean get it from good
to great. Yeah. like actually where the

[09:02]
to great. Yeah. like actually where the
hit rate cuz that's the issue when you
go on a hey genen out of the box and you
like type in your script and whatever
your hit rate on I don't have a term for
it but it's like there's like when you
watch an AI generated video there's
things that like show you that it's AI
generated right like there's little
tells yeah like there's little pieces of
it yeah that just like they don't get
the inflection on on sentences right or
like one sentence doesn't flow into the
next in the same way cuz it's all this
AI stuff. And so it was just like
unreliable and I decided that we're
going to make it reliable at this point.
And so we're getting pretty close. The
stack is chat GPT to generate the image
asset that you're going to automate. It
also can do like the script writing and
stuff like that's its own piece. But
like we generate the image that we're

[10:00]
like we generate the image that we're
going to use. We take that image, we pop
it into
Photoshop cuz chat GPT likes to for the
for the YouTube crowd that can see my
face, chat GPT likes to give you like
this much of the frame. But on on an ad
creative, you want to be able to layer
in text and and other elements. And so
you go to Photoshop and use generative
AI expand to create fill in the gaps to
create framing. Yeah. So that you have
way more space. I found this other tool
that does AI face swapping. I could take
a photo of you and put it into chat GPT
and say, "Hey, you know, describe this
person well enough so that you can
replicate them in a photo, but they
never get the face right. Like it'll get
close enough." Then you go into an AI
face swapping tool that actually like
mimics your face directly
on that image and it's just it's way
better. We're just talking about still
images right now. Yeah, we'll get to the
video part. So then you face swap and so

[11:02]
video part. So then you face swap and so
now you have an expanded frame with
their face of them in we've been doing a
lot of like podcast style and so it's
very much like them sitting in front of
a microphone because all of the AI
voices are studio quality and so like
when you're listening to like what is a
fake selfie video and it's podcast
quality audio it's a tell. It's one of
those tells and I'm like all right we
can't mess with that. So it's all
podcast right now. I'm gonna get to a
spot where it's better and I can do the
the other one. I know how to do it. I
just haven't gotten it yet. So then you
take all of that, you go to one of our
favorites, 11 Labs. Mhm. And what I
realized
is everybody's just being lazy with 11
Labs because they are doing text to
speech. Everyone's doing text to speech.
Yeah. They're typing in their prompt or
copy and pasting from chat GPT and
they're going text to speech which is
what causes those weird inflections and

[12:03]
what causes those weird inflections and
the uns smooth dialogue. And so what I'm
doing is the voice cloning feature in 11
Labs. I record myself saying the script.
Do you have to record yourself or can
you just upload like a podcast of you
talk? You could upload a podcast for
sure, but for for something as specific
as an ad where I have specific pauses
and like how I want that, right? Like
you want your hook to be like very
emphasized. And so like when you record
that, you can control that better than
an AI. Uploading the podcast and stuff
is going to be the voice cloning of
myself,
right? And so I'll have whoever is going
to be the face of each of the things
give me as much audio as possible so I
can create the voice clone, but then
also pop in there and record what I want
them to say. So then I take the voice
clone, which matches my inflection, so
it's voice to voice. Take that output.

[13:02]
it's voice to voice. Take that output.
Then you put that image, the face
swapped expanded image into Hey Jen with
their new Avatar 4 model, which is Oh,
is it a big a big leap? Oh, it is way
better. Give me a scale. If 100% is a
human talking, Avatar 3, what percentage
was that? What percent is Avatar 4? I
relate that very much to like hit rate,
right? And so like on Avatar 3 maybe 60
60%. So 6 out of 10. Avatar 4 I have
videos right now that are
indistinguishable from human. Okay. What
are we doing? Show me. Come on. Okay.
You think I can wait for this? Dude, I'm
so down, bro. Jeez. I'm so down. So this
is Ethan, our head of sales, okay, at
Service Scalers. But I'm going to show
you this one. Unlimited content writes
and publishes daily SEO blog posts for
your business. 100% done for you and

[14:01]
your business. 100% done for you and
optimized to rank. For only $399 a
month, we'll handle everything from
keywords to publishing so you can grow
traffic, get more leads, and build
authority without lifting a finger.
I don't know if I'm being too critical.
It it feels like it went from not
opening your mouth enough to opening the
mouth too much. That one though I've
sent to people and they were like,
"Wait, is this real?" This one, and this
is like, "We're getting there." This is
the Ethan one. Are you tired of sitting
by the phone waiting for leads that
never come? You work hard, you deliver a
great service, but if no one's calling,
your business can't grow. And referrals
alone don't cut it anymore. That's where
we come in. And this is of a real
person.
Like that's of Ethan. This is a fake
human that just Okay. Chat GPT came up
with. I feel like Ethan's better. Is it
because it's a real person or is it just
a like yours get consistent there? His
messes up on this piece right here where

[15:01]
messes up on this piece right here where
it says high quality. Yeah. It's like
yours. Get consistent high quality leads
every single opens really wide. Really
wide. But it's like I actually started
running these ones as ads. Okay, one of
them, actually, this one specifically,
cuz I do a bunch of headline testing,
right? And so I'm testing all of them.
This one specifically is getting me uh
$10 booked calls, which is wow, unheard.
And what's the show rate? I launched
them yesterday, so I don't know yet, but
okay. Generally, our show rates been
like 60% across all of the ads that are
both of me and others. Crazy. And like
this is 100% AI. This is a fake human
being. The voice is fake. Like the video
is a like the whole system. I wonder if
if you had something I don't I can't
tell if I'm staring at the mouth because
that's where the tell is or if that if I
normally do that. So So yeah, the other
piece on this one which might be helping
is the subtitles because it pulls your

[16:02]
is the subtitles because it pulls your
it pulls your attention away from the
mouth a little bit. I found that to work
even on Avatar 3. Mhm. And so like that
generally helps. It's getting there.
Here's my barometer. They are converting
on ads, right? Like are they good enough
to actually support the use case that I
want to, which is generating leads
without my face or without a real human
needing to shoot content. And that
answer is yes. And so like that's what's
exciting to me. There's going to be more
iterations of it for sure, but yeah,
it's getting super close. That's
exciting. Like, oh jeez, it's
frightening. It's exciting. I want to
share my screen. There's like five or
six guys that copy me on Instagram.
Yeah, I remember. I remember you telling
me about it. Yeah, one of them is like
not good at all. One of them is I'm
going to show Let's see. I'm just going

[17:01]
going to show Let's see. I'm just going
to pick one at random. Spot in Dubai of
mini burgers in stylish little boxes
with different sauces. It's convenient,
delicious, and visually striking. This
idea can easily be implemented in
existing mouth cafes, delivery services,
food trucks, or food court stalls. Many
What do you think? Is that obvious to
you? Yeah. I think the other piece of it
though is like we stare at AI generated
content all day trying to and so like we
pay attention to it, but I don't think
obviously like it's working. Sure, you
can nitpick it all we want and like
yeah, it will always continue to get
better, but like if people are liking it
and commenting on it as if it's real,
then I think it's passible, dude. This
freaking guy right here, he uh he takes
I'm just going to show you. You know
what? Hold on one second. Let me show
you this. I go here. Let me show you
this. There it is. All right.
You spend half a million bucks on an
ugly house that looks like this when you
can spend half a million bucks on a 3D
printer that prints houses that look

[18:01]
printer that prints houses that look
like this and then build all your
neighbors houses as well. The future
belongs to the owners. All right, so
there's that. And then this dude, he's
in Canada, but he speaks in Hindi. He
takes 100% of my
videos, translates them verbatim to
Hindi, changes not a word, and recycles
all of them. Wow, that's
sick. Dude, I hate it so
much. Someone Well, you need to go
launch. So, you can do that in 11 Labs.
The overdub. You should just launch. So,
so Mr. Beast does that. That's where I'm
going with this. Just to wrap it up,
there's this guy that's copying me in
Hindi. And I'm going to beat him to the
bunch and publish everything in Hindi
before he can. Yeah. Using 11 Labs. I'm
going to be big in Delhi, dude. It's
going to be my next t-shirt is going to
say the current office big in Delhi. Big
in Hyereabad. It's like that. You know
that meme of the guy standing in like
the corner of the room and he's like,
"None of these people know that I'm big
on Twitter." It's like, "None of these

[19:00]
on Twitter." It's like, "None of these
people know I'm famous in Hindi, dude."
I felt like that in Nashville. We went
to Nashville as a family and this guy in
a random boot shop was like, "Oh my
gosh, I follow you on Instagram." And I
was like super embarrassed but flattered
at the same time. And then for the rest
of the trip, I was like, "You guys don't
even know. This guy recognized me in a
boot shop." Whatever. If you had any
idea. I don't even know. That's so
funny, dude. The whole dream is to use
this to just more video ads at scale.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think there'll be a
world where I'm using it specifically
for the Facebook ads use case, right? I
think that there's a world where I can
go and and get to like AI influencer
level in a very real way. I think a lot
of people talk about it. I'm Dude, I'm
saying like I've been deep this week in
like 15 different Discords with all
these nerds using all these different
tools to achieve all sorts of stuff. I
mean, there's there's even a few like I

[20:00]
mean, there's there's even a few like I
know we want to we want to talk ecom a
little bit. I'm getting there on UGC
creatives as well, user generated
content. Yeah, for physical products.
I'm getting there. And so, very similar
flow but using a different tool. So
video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter.
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. Did you see what Icon, the
company Icon that launched? They're all
over Twitter. Icon.com. Yeah. What do
you think about that? So for those
listening, icon.com is this new startup.
They raised $24 million. They spent half
of it on the domain name icon.com. Half
of people say their landing page is ugly
and terrible and poorly optimized. The
other half people say it's genius. The
point of the matter is people are
talking about them. Anyway, what icon
does is it they're just putting AI in

[21:01]
does is it they're just putting AI in
the meta ads library. Like so you
basically let AI run all of your ad
campaigns. So you can AB test thousands
of times. You can iterate the moment
that it sees something that needs to be
iterated. What do you think about all
this? It's very interesting. I mean,
obviously like with Creative OS, like
I'm in that world. I haven't played with
them as
much lately just because I've been
trying to figure out like more of the
back end. It to me comes down to hit
rate again, right? like and that that
like when I think about AI generated
content that is the metric that I'm
paying attention to is like you create
10 versions of something what percentage
of them is good enough where like you
trust that that output on a consistent
basis is is going to work a lot of the
out ofthe-box tools there's a bunch of
them like I think makec.ai AI there.
There's like a handful of people that
are stepping into this space and trying

[22:01]
are stepping into this space and trying
to move it. And I think that the hit
rate is the piece that causes pause for
me on a bunch of those out of the box
tools, which is why I've stayed away
from them and gone to trying to build my
own. I think that I need more control
over it to limit the fups. But for
people that aren't as technical or just
like want to move faster and are okay
with spending the money for 10 videos
knowing only two of them are going to be
good and knowing that you're getting
charged a premium on all the models that
they're using. All 90% of you know these
tools are using the same video
generation models on the back. And so
for me, I just kind of decided to go
straight to the source and I was like, I
just trust it direct, which is the tool
that I've actually been using more is
called Flora Fauna AI. Ooh, yeah. Very
interesting. More control. Really like
what they're doing. Following a very
similar flow that what I was doing for
the the podcast clips. Let me show you

[23:01]
the the podcast clips. Let me show you
one more thing. So, did I tell you my uh
my Billboard test to grow the podcast in
Houston? Mhm. So, I spent like all
morning trying to see if that has
actually been working or not because
it's been one month to the day that my
billboard has been there. And so, I'm
going to share my screen and I'm going
to show you these numbers. And I want
you to break it down for me. So, all
right. Okay. So, what you're looking at
here is basically my last 30 episodes,
not on a per day basis, but on a per
episode basis. So, episode 140, 141,
yada yada. The blue line, this is
basically when the billboard started.
Yeah. Okay. Now, this these yellow rows
is when I was running Facebook ads with
pictures of 30 different variations of
the billboard to find the winning one in
the same Houston area to people that did
not follow me because the people that
drive by aren't going to follow me.
Right. Right. Right. And so, here's
what's very interesting about this. This

[24:00]
what's very interesting about this. This
number right here in column I, this is
the percentage of people in the Houston
area, the greater Houston area that
listen to my podcast. Before any
Facebook ads, before anything, it was
consistently 1 and a.5%. Okay? While I
was running Facebook ads, it was about 2
and a half%. Okay? But here's the
kicker. I only ran ads for two days. The
27th, which was like right here, and the
28th. And so most of the downloads came
after those two days because people
subscribed but then they started
subscribed and then saw the next ones.
Yeah. Right. And so here's the thing. I
spent
$260 a day for two days to get these
downloads. So basically I increased my
downloads. These are the the raw
numbers. An average of 74%. I mean you
almost I was going to say you almost
doubled. Not quite but yeah. So Oh,
average was 74. I got you. I mean that
37%
if you take out the outlier on 37. Yep.

[25:01]
if you take out the outlier on 37. Yep.
So, call it like 50% growth in the
Houston area by spending $250 a day.
Yeah. Okay. Now, for the billboard in
the Houston, it's just one billboard in
like kind of rural outskirts of Houston,
but it gets 20,000 cars driving by a
day. My averages, now granted, my
podcast as a whole has grown 30%. and my
podcast in the area have grown 60%. So
basically I can double the growth rate.
Double the growth rate. And so here I'm
spending $20 a day for the billboard and
getting almost as many new downloads.
That's sick. So on one hand, like a lot
of the people on Twitter when I posted
about this were like, "Dude, just just
use Facebook ads." And it's like people
don't use Facebook ads to grow podcasts.
Either that's because no one's ever
tried, which I doubt it, or because they
don't work. And so I I used them like I
had a link to the podcast. So I wasn't
just getting data for the billboard, but
I was leading people to the podcast and
it worked, but it worked 10x worse than

[26:01]
it worked, but it worked 10x worse than
the billboard does, right? What do you
think about that? Break it down for me.
Yeah, I vibe on it. I think the the big
piece on it like on the even the comment
where like Facebook ads don't work for
growing podcast. I think that's more of
like a a cash conversion cycle issue for
most podcast creators than it is a like
doesn't work. I hear that all the time.
People love to say Facebook ads don't
work. And it's like no no like your cash
conversion cycle on that media spend is
actually what's making it not work. you
can't afford to have $1,000 a day of
cash y sitting out there for 30 days
since you don't have direct monetization
on that subscriber like you're paying
like CAC to LTV payback period game two
I think that that's awesome the most
interesting to me is like okay how do
you scale that how do you identify where
those billboards need to be have you
ever looked at blip billboards.com
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. For like a day or like

[27:02]
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. For like a day or like
six minutes for every hour. Yeah. It's
all the digital billboards. I haven't
had a use case for it, but it's one of
those like you know me, I'm a big fan of
obviously Facebook ads, but like
nontradition marketing. Yeah. Like
non-traditional advertising, which like
hilarious that we're saying that about
billboards. That was like historically
one of the most traditional ways to
advertise. I think that most people in
the digital age like aren't thinking
about it like that. And it again just
comes down to like potentially slower
growth, but also like your lift per
dollar spend is significantly better
because you went through all of the
steps to go and do that. Here's what's
really interesting is the billboard
actually went live on the 14th right
here. This is kind of an outlier right
here, this green, but really no bump for
the first month. But then my account
manager slfriend David, he drove by it
in person. and he lived like an hour
away and he's like, "We actually have a
billboard 300 yards away. Same side of
the street, same street, but like your

[28:02]
the street, same street, but like your
billboard, it appears like as you come
around a corner and this other one
you've got like a full frontal of it for
like 30 seconds as you approach it."
He's like, "This one's a little more
expensive, but if you know, we'll move
it for free and I'll keep the price the
same because I think you're going to
have a better experience." And I was
like, "Do I have anything to lose?" He's
like, "Not really." Like, "This is
objectively a better billboard."
So on the 21st right here
and then look at that it so for those
just listening like it went from the
ratio which higher is better in this
case went from
65% to 95 to 120%. Yeah. After moving at
300 yards down the road same side of the
road. Do you think that that tapers off
in terms of performance? If and I think
it depends on placement, right? Like
there's a nuance there of like you said
20,000 cars a day. Sick. What percentage
of those cars are the same cars? Because
like when I think about it from a from a

[29:01]
like when I think about it from a from a
Facebook ads perspective, right? Just
because there's like very quantifiable
metrics across Facebook ads. Your repeat
rate, right? Yeah. Frequency, right?
Like, okay, cool. Does that taper off
over time where you kind of max out that
audience? If it, let's just say that
it's like a a major commuting highway
with 20,000 cars going, do you only
spend that money for three months?
That's how long my contract is. It's
funny you would say three months. Yeah.
And so the three month piece to me, I go
like you probably hit kind of your max
on people that are actually going to
download it, right? Like Yeah. I think
there's two things at play. I think with
any marketing, you would agree, you need
repetition. You've got to see that thing
five to 20 times before you click,
right? No doubt. So, that works in my
favor. Yep. The longer it's there, the
more people are likely to click. Another
thing that works in my favor is the fact
that every day a unique person will
drive by that will never drive by again,

[30:02]
drive by that will never drive by again,
right? That will never change. Maybe
it's 1% of the drivers, maybe 50%, I
don't know. But then what works against
me is the fact that probably 70 to 80%
of those drivers are going to see that
thing hundreds of times. And if they
didn't click at time 10 or 20, they're
never going to click and wasting ad
spend on them, right? Which you're also
dealing with finite amount of ad spend.
So it's like it's okay. It all comes
back to like what's the math of it all,
right? Where it's like you sat there and
you were like 20,000 people, x
percentage of them are are probably
interested in business. Cool. three
months, they probably drive by it x
number of times with this conversion
rate. It's a little less. The reason I
always talk about Facebook ads is
because you get such quantifiable data
from it to help you like make decisions.
Something like that, you know, you had
to go and build all these spreadsheets
and do a bunch of back-end math to like
work your way into that. But like the
math is still the same. It's impressions
times viewers times unique times
conversion rate, right? Like it's all

[31:00]
conversion rate, right? Like it's all
the
same metrics, the same stuff. Can you
see that? Yeah, that's awesome. That's
the billboard. So, that one out of 20
different really all of the pictures
look the same, but the phrase and for
those listening, it was get rich. That
one won like and I tested it a number of
different ways. So, it just speaks to
what we all want, which is like a silver
bullet. Yeah. Everyone wants to get
rich, dude. Yeah. That's why they listen
to us right now. That's right. That's
why we use each other together. I know,
dude. We're no different, right? No, I
just want to get rich. I think the
billboard accounts for like 30 extra
downloads per episode. The question is,
what is that going to look like once the
billboard's down? How many like loyal
lifetime listeners am I going to get?
That's all that's Cact LTV, like you
know, all of those pieces. It's probably
a little bit more challenging to track
that with that channel, but it doesn't
mean that that channel doesn't work.

[32:00]
mean that that channel doesn't work.
It's similar. I mean, when we run ads,
it's the same. Like, there's down river
stuff of of LTV. We close a client.
What's the close rate? How long are they
a client? What's their average spend per
month? What's our like all of the
numbers behind it all? I've just been
telling people a lot more like
entrepreneurship is two things. To build
like a very solid business, you have to
have a really good understanding of
people. Like you have to be super
empathetic both to like your customers,
your employees, right? Like your
vendors. Like you need to understand
people really well and you have to
understand math, tracking metrics,
tracking the right metrics,
understanding what levers you can pull
to create results. Like it's been the
thing that I've been super focused on
this year is like all right this is a ma
like business is a math equation at the
end of the day like how do we get the
equation to work the way we need it to.
It'll be interesting on that to see like
how many loyal people come out of it for
what price point how you monetize them

[33:00]
what price point how you monetize them
at on an average of like was that ROI
positive at the end of the day. Yep. Not
to mention, I've noticed this too, like
you get because of the the media side,
secondary ROI from doing that because
your tweet about doing that also
attracted people on, right? Like it's a
flywheel. Yeah. And so it's like for
some people I think it can happen very
much in a in a vacuum, but like I've
noticed that like even with the
community like me tweeting about
hummingbirds like has caused people to
join the community which I'm monetizing.
And so it's like even though
hummingbirds isn't necessarily like
super profitable, I'm still picking up
secondary benefit on the other side. And
so it's like it's interesting when you
play that game, especially with the
media piece of like the personal brand
is like just do interesting things
because you'll get the secondary benefit
even if the thing independently isn't
profitable. Yeah, agreed. All right,
what' you think? Come back a week from

[34:00]
what' you think? Come back a week from
today for part two, conversation with
Sam.