[00:00]
Every now and then I like to speak to
high schoolers about entrepreneurship.
And the other day I was asked to come to
a homeschool class of about 20 high
schoolers and tell my story and answer
any questions they had about
entrepreneurship, how to start a
business, what would I have done
differently, etc. I thought I might as
well go ahead and film it so you guys
can learn something from it. So if you
know a high schooler or a student or a
young person or anyone that's interested
in entrepreneurship, please share it
with them and they might end up doing
something incredible with their lives.
I have been an entrepreneur my whole
life and my dad wasn't an entrepreneur,
my mom wasn't. It doesn't really run in
my family, which happens a lot of time.
I spent the first 11 years of my life in
Logan, Utah. And I we were kind of poor,
like not really poor, but not middle
class, somewhere in between. And that
was just kind of frustrating to me. Like
I I just wanted to buy candy. And I
really love fruit. I wanted to buy plums
and peaches. And I wanted a bike because
my friends had a bike, but I couldn't
buy any of those things. And so I
started selling golf balls out of

[01:00]
started selling golf balls out of
necessity because I just wanted some
side money. And as luck would have it, I
lived across the street from a golf
course. It was called the Logan River
Golf Course. It's still there today. And
it's kind of funny because I never would
have thought to do this if I didn't live
across the street from a golf course. I
don't even like golfing. I didn't then
and I don't today. which is a good
lesson because like a lot of times the
best opportunities are the ones around
us because it's the ones that we notice,
the ones that are convenient to us. And
so I lived on this busy road and these
golf balls would fly into my yard. And I
don't remember what gave me the idea to
do it, but I just started washing them.
I'd put them in a wagon and I got this
big piece of plywood and some paint and
I put golf balls, three for a dollar.
And I leaned this sign up against my
mailbox. It was a really busy road. And
then all summer these random golfers in
polo shirts would walk up to my house
and knock on the door and buy golf balls
from me. And I made hundreds of dollars
a summer or a week or a month. I don't

[02:00]
a summer or a week or a month. I don't
even remember. But it seemed like I was
a billionaire at the time. And I would
take that money and I used it to buy a
bike. I'd get on my bike and I'd ride to
the Macy's grocery store and I'd load up
with candy and fruit. And then I'd ride
the bus to school and I'd go to the back
of the bus and I'd share all my candy
and fruit with everyone. And I just felt
like a baller. It was amazing. That like
switched a flip in my brain. And I
always like to say that because when you
earn your first, say, $100 yourself not
having a job, it switches a flip in your
brain. And it gets you to look at the
world a little differently and you can't
really turn that off. And it's a good
thing because it's it's kind of like
food storage, right? Like in our church,
our leaders encourage us to have food
storage in case something happens. Well,
having a skill where you don't have to
depend on an employer is kind of like
food storage for your bank account. And
I recommend everyone develop the skill,
learn a skill, even if you never end up
being an entrepreneur. I don't recommend
everyone become an entrepreneur because
it can be very stressful and I'll get

[03:00]
it can be very stressful and I'll get
into that, but I do recommend everyone
tries to flip that switch in their brain
so they can learn those skills for
themselves. So that was at age 10, 111.
Then I moved to Florida from Utah to
Florida. And that skill kind of went
dormant for a while. We were still kind
of poor, but I waited tables. I
delivered pizzas. I cut lawns. But
mostly I just had jobs and I was chasing
girls and surfing. And I was on the
wrestling team. And I was just
distracted. So then at age 19, I served
a mission for my church, the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I
went to Hungary, which is in Eastern
Europe. And in Hungary, it's not a third
world country, but it was under
communist rule until about the year I
was born in the late '8s. And so the
people in Hungary just don't have much
opportunity. They don't know what
opportunity looks like. I would meet
these amazing people that had two
college degrees that were smarter than I
was and they made $4 an hour and that's

[04:01]
was and they made $4 an hour and that's
they didn't really have a pathway to
make more than that. They didn't it
wasn't even an option for them. And that
just blew my mind. And I thought, well,
well, you go to college and you get a
good job. These guys went to college
twice and they can't even feed their
families. What? And so it was that
contrast between America and Eastern
Europe that really got me to appreciate
America. Growing up, my, you know,
Fourth of July, my dad would always cry
during this Star Spangled Banner. I
never saw him cry. And I remember being
embarrassed as a kid. I was like, "Dad,
what are you doing? Get yourself
together. Come on." And then I went to
Hungary and I came home and I get it
now. It's a special place. We live in a
very special place and we take it for
granted because that's human nature. We
take everything for granted that we get
used to, right? It's not that we're bad
people. We just don't know any
different. And so I came home from
Hungary and like that switch that was
flipped in my brain at age 11 was like
like an overpowered mode. And I just
came home ready to take on the world. I

[05:02]
came home ready to take on the world. I
didn't realize it at the time. This is
me looking back. But looking back, I
just had so much confidence because in
Hungary, all I did every day was knock
doors in a language called Hungarian,
which is not a romantic language. It's
not a Slavic language. It's not
Germanic. They call it an alien language
because there's nothing really like it.
It's hard to learn and it's hard to
speak. And so all day, every day, I got
rejected to from strangers that were
pretty grumpy. My friend just went to
Hungary on a cruise and he was like,
"They're really grumpy there, Chris. You
didn't tell me how grumpy they were." I
was like, "I don't know. They're great.
That's all I knew, right?" Kind of like
that's all we know is living in America.
But of course they're grumpy. Like they
lived under communist rule forever. And
you know, 40 35 years ago is is not that
long in the grand scheme of things. And
so I counted roughly and I got rejected
like 40 to 50,000 times in two years.

[06:03]
like 40 to 50,000 times in two years.
Rejected to my face either on the street
or at a doorstep. We didn't really have
many members that would give us
referrals. We just had to go talk to
strangers. That was the best thing I
ever could have done. It was hard. It
was life. It was all I knew. And it was
amazing. And it was the best two years
ever. And so I came home just like ready
to conquer everything and I got a job
working in for this random company, but
I wanted to be an entrepreneur. I like I
I went back to where I was as an
11-year-old and I didn't know what I
wanted to do. I just knew it should be
international business. I didn't know
what that meant. I just thought that
sounds really cool. And so I married my
high school sweetheart five months after
coming home and she was a student at the
University of Alabama. And so I moved to
Alabama with her. We went to college
together. We waited tables. And while I
had that internship, right before we got
married, I would take Fridays off and
I'd go to Barnes & Noble. And I was too

[07:02]
I'd go to Barnes & Noble. And I was too
cheap to buy books. So, I would spend
all day at Barnes & Noble and just read.
I would never buy I didn't buy any book
from Barnes & Noble, but I read dozens
of them about business and real estate
and investing. And I was just learning.
And it was like that summer was more
valuable than the two college degrees I
got. And that's not to say don't go to
college. I'm not saying that. I went to
college, graduated, and then I went to
college again and graduated. So, I do
think that's important. But I learned
more reading those books than I learned
from college. And so, I moved to
Alabama. I didn't know anyone. I had
about $1,000 to my name. Started waiting
tables. Full-time student. And then at
the time, President Obama had an $8,000
tax credit. and if you bought your first
home, the government would give you
$8,000, no questions asked. And so I
thought, hm, that's cool. So we bought a
home. It was a $90,000 home, which you
can't even find those anymore. And we
paid for the down payment with our

[08:00]
paid for the down payment with our
student loans, which you really
shouldn't do, and we got $8,000 back.
And we took the $8,000 and we bought a
second home for
$60,000. That was the down payment for
the second home. And that became our
first rental home. So then we were then
we were landlords at age 22 and we
really never had any money. We used
student loans. We had tips from waiting
tables. And then I just started
experimenting with all these side
hustles. I started this business called
Textbook Crook. And our our slogan was
we steal the competition because I'd go
to the bookstore and buy a $200 textbook
and then four months later when the
class was over they'd only pay me $20
for it. And it was I didn't even crack
it. I mean I didn't even open the
textbook. I'm like what are you doing?
This is brand new. I thought there needs
to be a way for students to buy and sell
textbooks to each other. And so that's
why I started that website. And I just
started all these random businesses. And
then I learned about these guys in
Louisiana that opened an iPhone repair
store. And this was 2010. iPhone had
come out three years before, but it was

[09:00]
come out three years before, but it was
still brand new. And they were breaking.
People drop them and the screens break.
And these guys were making a lot of
money. And I don't know why, but I just
thought, I can do that. I'm going to do
that. And it was probably just that
confidence from getting rejected on my
mission for two years. I didn't know how
to fix iPhones. I didn't like I didn't
have an iPhone. I barely knew what they
were. But I went back to a guy I met on
my mission. And I knew that he had
money. And I said, "And I need $20,000.
I want to start the store. I really
think it's going to go well." And he
said, "Okay, send me your bank
information. I'll send it." But before I
went to him, I went to my boss and my
old boss and everyone I knew that I
thought had money. and they all said no.
But this guy believed in me. And so I
opened this store and I la I started an
iPhone repair store. And that was like
my first real business. And people would
come in with broken iPhones and I would
say, "Okay, it's $80." And then they
leave. And then I'd learn how to fix the
iPhone on YouTube while I fixed it. Not

[10:01]
iPhone on YouTube while I fixed it. Not
smart, but also it is smart. It's not
smart because I didn't know what I was
doing. But it is smart because I didn't
let that lack of knowledge prevent me
from starting a business. Because a lot
of times we have what's called analysis
paralysis where we're like, "Okay, I got
a business idea. I'm going to go do some
research. I'm going to make a business
plan. I'm going to go talk to my friends
about it. I'm going to go buy a domain
name. I'm going to file an LLC. I'm
going to do this." And that's what I
call friction or like an advanced form
of procrastination, right? And really,
we're afraid to do the thing. We like
the idea of starting a business, but
we're afraid of it. And so, we do these
things that give us the illusion of
productivity without actually doing the
thing. And the thing is selling
something, right? And you don't need a a
website, an LLC, a business plan. You
don't need any of that to sell
something. But as soon as you've sold
something, you're in business, right?
And so, what I did wrong was not
learning more. But what I did right was
not letting that prevent me from

[11:00]
not letting that prevent me from
starting a business. And so that
business did well. Didn't do well at
first, but we grew and we did some
marketing and I could get into all that,
but it'd be a three-hour talk. So, I
ended up opening four of those stores
over the next two years and then sold
them to a competitor. And then I sold I
started another business the very next
day called LCD Cycle where we would take
broken iPhone screens and ship them to
China. And then in China, they would
remanufacture them. They'd scrape off
the broken glass and put on new glass
and then ship them back. And so we would
get our foot in the door with iPhone
repair shops, the one like the one I
just had, by saying, "Hey, we'll pay you
$3 for every broken iPhone screen." And
they were like, "Why do you want my
broken screens?" And they said, "Well,
we can get them remanufactured." And I
didn't remanufacture them, but I I got a
cold call one day from a Chinese company
that wanted to buy mine. And so I
basically just copied their idea. I
thought, "Hm, that makes sense. I could
do that. Coincidentally, this other
company wanted to buy me around the same

[12:00]
company wanted to buy me around the same
time. So, I thought, okay, if I sell
this business, I'm going to start that
one because I think that one is even
better. And it was. So, we started
selling iPhone parts to repair shops and
then getting their old broken screens
recycled in China. And that that grew
pretty fast. That was we had that
business for 9 years and it grew like a
rocket ship, just super fast. And that's
the business that brought me from
Alabama to Texas because I wanted to be
more centrally located so we could ship
our products out faster. So after that,
I started buying mobile home and RV
parks and that ended terribly. I had two
partners that I didn't get to know well
enough and it went south and lost
everything. And throughout all this
time, I was starting different little
side hustles and businesses. I've
started over 75 in the last 15 years
businesses, most of them never even
getting revenue. Some of them failing,
some of them being abandoned, some of
them very successful, some of them just
moderately successful. But about three

[13:01]
moderately successful. But about three
years ago, I
started talking about everything I'd
ever done in business on the internet.
And it grew really fast. And I I grew a
Twitter account. And then I started
posting videos a year ago, and that grew
even faster. So today I have some level
of ownership from like 1% to 100% in
like 12 different businesses. Some of
them profitable, some of them not. Some
of them struggling, some of them doing
amazing. And then I also publish content
on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Tik
Tok, all the places about everything I'm
doing and everything I've done and
everything I've learned. And that's how
I spend my time today. Any questions?
What's the greatest advice you'd give to
an Sell it before you have it? Don't
kind of like what I was saying, the
first thing you should do is to sell a
product or service. Get an idea and then
see if anyone will pay for it. Even if
it's your mom, honestly, and then see if
you can get someone that you're not

[14:00]
you can get someone that you're not
already friends or family with to pay
for it. Maybe it's washing windows.
Maybe it's a custom t-shirt that you
make. But if you can like attempt to
receive even $1 of revenue before you do
all those fancy procrastination things,
you will be way ahead of the game. Yeah.
What job would you recommend to earn
enough money to kickstart your entire
day? That's a good question. Oh, so
door-to-door sales, I really recommend.
I've never done doorto-d dooror sales. I
just did my mission. But it worked great
because you can test at every door. If
you knock on a 100 doors, that's a 100
different tests. All right, I'm going to
test if I smile like this when they
open. All right, now I'm going to test
if I don't smile at all. Now I'm going
to say, "How are you?" Now this time I'm
going to say, "I am Chris." Like you can
just test, test, test. So after hundreds
or thousands of doors, you have it dial
in and you know exactly how to talk to
the person at the door, which means you
know exactly how to sell. And if you
know how to sell, you will never go

[15:01]
know how to sell, you will never go
broke ever, right? So door-to-d dooror
sales, you don't need to have a job to
do that. You can just go do that in your
neighborhood with your cookies, right?
Or with your window washing skills or
like waiting tables is really good.
Mowing lawns is really good because it
it's hard work. Waiting tables teaches
you how to interact with people or like
working at In-N-Out or Chick-fil-A.
Those are amazing jobs for saving good
money and learning valuable skills. So
what degrees did you get out of college?
So, at Alabama, I got a business
management degree with a minor in
entrepreneurship, which makes sense. And
then, uh, TCU, Texas Christian
University in Fort Worth. Eight years
ago, I got my master's in business, uh,
administration degree. And I got that
because I'm very like shoot from the hip
and unorganized and I have terrible
attention to detail. And I wanted to fix
that. So, I thought that if I paid a lot
of money for a higher education, I could
fix that. And it was good and I met

[16:00]
fix that. And it was good and I met
great people and I don't regret it. But
I've since learned that like it's better
for me to take those weaknesses I have
and find people that have those as
strengths and to take my strengths and
just do a lot more of that. It's not bad
to try to fix your weaknesses, but if
you can find people that compliment you,
then that's a lot more efficient in my
opinion. Should we get to the
presubmitted ones? Thank you. All right.
The hardest part of being an
entrepreneur. Oh, there's a lot. It's
not all roses. So, I have the most
patient wife in the world. Like,
seriously, I have a lot of friends that
are entrepreneurs and some of them have
wives that are less patient and it's
understandable because this is not an
easy thing. But my wife is just very
like, I trust you. Yeah, it'll work out.
It's fine. And so I couldn't do it
without her. That's a fact. The hardest
part is the volatility, right? I've had

[17:00]
part is the volatility, right? I've had
I've been doing this for 17 years now.
And I've had years at a time where I
didn't make any money. Like multiple
years in a row where my taxes said zero,
and I lived on good investments I had
made in prior years. And then I've had
one year, you know, spotty years here
and there where I made more than I made
in multiple years combined. It's just a
roller coaster, feast or famine. And
that's really hard, right? You feel like
a billionaire one day and you feel broke
the next day. And that can last a long
time. It's it can be a grind. So, it's
unpredictable and it's exciting. It's
never boring ever. But it's it's really
hard to to experience consistency in
entrepreneurship. That's the hardest
part for me. How to think of business
ideas.
So once you flip that switch in your
brain, you're going to start seeing
them, right? Or like if you consume
content that kind of shows you how to
look at things in that way, which is one

[18:01]
look at things in that way, which is one
of the things that I do in my content,
you can kind of train your brain or just
read books. Someone, just as a way of an
example, someone point out something in
this room and I'll try to come up with a
business idea about it.
Those red cups. Red cups. All right. So,
these are nostalgic. This is a solo cup.
These are nostalgic. I know a I went to
a lot of people in college that drank a
lot of alcohol out of these. I never
have. And so, nostalgia sells. People
will pay a lot of money for nostalgia.
And so you could make candles where this
is like the vessel that holds the wax
and it's just kind of like a nostalgic
thing. Or you could make artwork with
these and sell them on Etsy. Or you
could make like t-shirt designs with the
solo cup at the center. You can make a
tumbler that looks like a solo cup that
people carry around that's like
insulated and it just looks like they're
walking around with a solo cup, but it

[19:00]
walking around with a solo cup, but it
has a lid and it's like a proper
tumbler. So, that's how I see the world
and that's a muscle. And those ideas
might not be good. I'm not saying
they're good, but there's just like
anything can be monetized, right? And it
like any muscle, you just have to you
have to work it out. And you you usually
don't work out unless you enjoy it or
else it's not sustainable. I genuinely
enjoy it. I like seeing the world like
that. I like seeing opportunity and
everything. And so you have to hang out
in circles with people or content that
sees the world in that way and you'll
naturally learn from that. Why did you
do it? Why did I become an entrepreneur?
I became an entrepreneur out of
necessity. I just didn't want to not
have money as a kid. Honestly, like I
wish I could give you some flowery
answer of just like I want to make this
big impact on the world. And I do. I do.
That's one reason why I put out content
to encourage people to start businesses.
But that's not why I started. I started
because I I just wanted to have a more

[20:00]
because I I just wanted to have a more
comfortable life. My secret to success.
What is my secret to success? I don't
know if I've ever been asked that.
Here's the thing. Secrets to success.
People have written a lot of books about
this and they've spent hundreds of pages
describing that. It's answers that we
hear all the time and it's
persistence. Just not quitting. You just
can't quit. And quitting looks
differently to different people.
Quitting could look like pivoting. I've
started a lot of businesses that started
as a t-shirt business and ended as a
powerwashing business. I'm exaggerating,
but you never finish where you start.
So, never be afraid to pivot and to
adapt as you see things change in the
market. You just have to be persistent.
Whether you have a job or whether you
own a business, you just can't. It's
just not an option. That's the big
secret. Other things I could attribute
to my success are, you know, having a a
spouse or friends that are supportive.
There's people that you'll find along
the way that give you bad advice. A lot
of times those people are giving you
advice based on their insecurities or

[21:00]
advice based on their insecurities or
that how they feel about themselves or
maybe they don't want you to succeed
more than them. They want you to stay at
their same level, which is a natural
feeling, right? And so don't take advice
from just anyone. Take advice from
people that either have more experience
in that industry that you're thinking of
than you or take advice from people that
you know have nothing to lose if you
gain like your parent. Either of your
parents want you to do better. They want
you to do better in life than they did.
And so you should take their advice, but
some random person or a friend at
school just kind of run it through a
filter first. How do you recommend
getting money to start a business?
Believe it or not, you don't need money
to start a business. You don't you need
a money to start a lot of businesses,
certain types of businesses, a
restaurant, but anyone in this room
could go to the house next door and
knock on the door and say, "I'd love to
wash all of your windows. You clearly
have a lot of windows. I charge per
window. I'll go do a free quote. Um, you

[22:00]
window. I'll go do a free quote. Um, you
can pay me and I'll be done by this
afternoon." You go do a free quote. You
say, "That's going to be 250 bucks."
Okay, here you go. You take that 250
bucks. You go to Home Depot. Use 50 of
it to buy supplies.
You come back, wash the windows, you
have $200 profit and then every job from
then on out is profitable, right? That's
not abnormal. Like you could do that in
multiple businesses. You can collect
money up front. You could do a service
business that requires no hardware or
materials at all. Uh you could pull
weeds. You don't need money to start
that. And so one of my favorite sayings,
if I were a tattoo guy, I would get this
tattooed on my forehead, is constraints
equal creativity. Constraints are good.
They're very good. So if you, you know,
in Silicon Valley, the mindset is to
raise a bunch of money to start a
business. Those businesses that have
tens of millions of dollars are more
likely to fail than a business you start
doortodoor or you start from home

[23:00]
doortodoor or you start from home
because they don't need to be creative.
You raise a hundred million dollars.
Companies are raising tens of billions
of dollars. Now when you raise that, you
don't have to be creative. I know what
to do. You hire this guy, that guy, this
guy. You hire all these people and then
it gets out of hand and you don't know
where all the money is going and then
it's gone. So it's very very good uh to
have constraints. I was just telling a
story. I went to a concert a month ago
and this band, it was their first time
playing in seven years. And I go to the
concert and I really wanted a shirt and
the line was so long that the people at
the end of the line were missing the
actual concert just to buy the shirt. I
was like, I really want a shirt because
it was like their one tour ever. They
had three shows. It was a limited
edition shirt. It's my favorite band of
all time, but I'm not going to miss the
show to buy a shirt. And so I thought,
okay, I go to the front of the line. I
tap a guy on the shoulder and say,
"These shirts are 35 bucks. Can I Venmo
you 50 bucks right now to buy me a
large?" No problem. So, I Venmoed him,
he bought it, and I went and watched the

[24:01]
he bought it, and I went and watched the
show. That was a constraint, right? That
was a I had a problem. No one got mad.
Didn't take him any extra time. He just
said two instead of one. I got my shirt.
And no one else did that. No one else
did that. So, sometimes we just take
things at face value. We see it and like
that's just how it is. That's just the
way the world is. But not all the time.
Don't take things at face value and
you'll be surprised what you come up
with. Are you happy with your job? I
have the best job ever. Genuinely, I
love what I do. I will be talking about
business ideas and building businesses
for the rest of my life because it it
feels like retirement. I'll do it in
different ways for sure. I've gotten a
lot smarter about what businesses to not
start. A lot of times we think of an
idea, we think that will work. So I'm
gonna do that idea where and that's
probably good for the first five years
of being an entrepreneur, but after a
while you have to say that will work.
Should I do that? Is that the best use

[25:01]
Should I do that? Is that the best use
of my time or is this business a lot
more a headache than this other business
idea that I have? Because after a while,
you're problem too many ideas. That is a
real problem and you'll have to pick the
one that you think is best. What tips do
you have to get a business out of your
head and into the real world? Same
thing. Sell it before you have it. It's
a great question. You have to find
demand for it first. It drives me crazy.
A lot of times people are like, "I'm
going to do this. I'm going to build
this. I'm going to launch this. If I
build it, they will come." Most of the
time they don't come, right? Because
strategy is wrong, your marketing's
wrong, something's wrong. But there's so
many things we can do to test the
market, test the demand before ever
spending a dollar. I like to go to
Facebook Marketplace. Like, if you guys
learn Facebook Marketplace, you will be
so much better off. That's my That's my
big tip, okay? Forget everything I said.
Go to your parents and say, "I want you
to bring me everything that we need to
sell." Because everyone has things

[26:01]
sell." Because everyone has things
around the house that they need to sell.
Selling is a pain. No one likes to do
it. I pay my kids 40% to sell anything
that I allow them to sell. But they have
to do the whole thing. They take the
pictures, they learn how to list it.
They can use AI to generate the
description. I I taught them about, you
know, put a video first, it will get
more traction, do the market research on
pricing, looked at the sold items, be
very responsive, and then they have to
do the worst thing in the world, which
is meet the person at the door and
accept money. That's the awkward part.
My kids, half of them are introverted,
half of them are extroverted. They don't
like that part, but they do it. And so
if you can learn to sell things on
Facebook Marketplace, then you can learn
to make money and you can learn how to
gauge demand before you ever launch a
business. Like we launched a tree
trimming business and I posted an ad on
Facebook Marketplace for a tree trimming
services before we did anything. Like we
didn't do I just like, oh, we launch
it's a tree trimming business. Five
minutes later, hey, can you come to my
house and quote the shop? Hey, can you
come? Okay. Yep. We're in business.

[27:00]
come? Okay. Yep. We're in business.
Let's actually do this. Whereas I could
have spent hundreds of thousands of
dollars buying all this equipment hoping
that the demand was there. Do you have
employees? Yep. I have like 20 give or
take combined across everything I'm
working on. And that adds another layer
of complexity to business that will be a
fun challenge when you get there. These
are all the presubmitted questions. Do
we have any other fresh questions? Yeah.
What is a good way you can kind of make
people work with you? work with you in
what way? Um for you or make a business
partnership like to find a business
partner. Okay, that's a whole another
thing. So when it comes to business
partners, I could talk for hours about
that. I recommend you be an entrepreneur
by yourself first and then kind of
approach that on your next business or
later on. In my opinion, it should be a
50-50 partnership only if both people
are working in the business side by side
physically, not remote every day. It's

[28:01]
physically, not remote every day. It's
their only thing. They don't have jobs.
They don't have side hustles. They're
both allin. I think 50/50 is perfect for
that. In any other circumstance, 50/50
is a disaster waiting to happen. It
should be 9010, 8020, an investor at an
operator, something that's heavily
weighted in one direction or the other.
But find someone that thinks like you
do, but has their weaknesses or your
strengths and vice versa. And you're
both equally excited about the idea.
Maybe you're really good at sales, maybe
they're really good at operations.
That's going to be your partner, but
only 50/50 if you're all in it together,
side by side in person. So, what is a
common factor in all of your businesses,
regardless of whether or not you're
successful?
That's a good question. My businesses
personally, my businesses are marketing
heavy, operations light. I am terrible
at attention to detail. Like there could
be six of you in here wearing dunce caps
and I wouldn't even have noticed. I

[29:00]
and I wouldn't even have noticed. I
don't see things. I don't terrible
attention to detail. Literally diagnosed
ADHD. I like I don't do well in the
weeds with operations. So zero to one is
like the startup phase. That's what I'm
really good at. 1 to 10 is like the
running the business phase. I'm really
bad at that. So my businesses I try to
get out of the business as soon as I can
once it's launched and it shows
traction. So that's one commonality. And
then marketing heavy, salesheavy,
operations light. So like our tree
trimming business, we don't own a
chainsaw. We don't own any equipment. We
subcontract everything out to tree
trimming crews. We just go find the
customers. That's what I'm what I'm good
at. So, I know you did lawns. I just
wanted to ask like how it went for you.
It was okay. It wasn't like a business.
It was just a few people in my church
that I cut lawns for. Funny story. On my
mission, I had it in my head. I was
going to start a lawn care business when
I got home. And I planned it all out on
these note cards. It was going to be

[30:00]
these note cards. It was going to be
called Clean Cuts Lawn Care. And I I
went to Alabama. And that was like the
first business I tried to start. I
printed up all these flyers. I still
have some in my garage. And I went to
this neighborhood and I started putting
flyers on all the doors. I drove home
and then someone called me and they're
like, "I've got some bushes that need to
be removed." And I was like, "Okay,
okay." And I hung up and I was like, "I
hate mowing the lawn. What am I doing?
I'm going to hate this. Like, this is
not this is not good. I don't like this
at all." So, I never did it. Like, that
was it. That was the whole business. But
now, as a 38-year-old, mowing the lawn
is like the only piece I get in the
week. And it's my favorite thing. Just
this morning, I told my wife, I said,
"Dang it, the backyard dried out. Now I
have to get on the lawn or again today."
Jokingly. So, I think it's a great
business to start, but it's tough
because it's low ticket. You can't
charge a lot. And you're competing with
people that are willing to go all the
way down on price. And so, you can do
the same amount of work or less with a
home service that's higher ticket, like
tree trimming, right? Or landscaping.

[31:02]
tree trimming, right? Or landscaping.
You're still out in the sun doing work,
but you're getting paid 3,000 for a job
instead of $40 for a job. All right.
Anything else?
On behalf of the kids, what books would
you recommend started reading if they
are interested in pursuing a similar
course? Yeah, 4H hour work week is a
great one. It's a great book at training
your brain to kind of look at the world
differently, find shortcuts, ethical
shortcuts. There's one called Three
Signs of a Miserable Job that I really,
really love. It's an easy read. It's
like a business parable that teaches
really good principles. It's It doesn't
sound like it's about entrepreneurship,
but it is. And then Shoe Dog by Phil
Knight about the Nike founder is a great
one. My son just read that. Also, one
more. You guys heard of David Gogggins?
Okay. Yeah. Okay. So,
Yep. The clean version of Can't Hurt Me
is a bestseller. The regular version is

[32:02]
is a bestseller. The regular version is
very vulgar. clean version I had my son
read and he loved it. Thank you so much.
Thank you.