[00:00]
People will pay money for anything.
Pride and ego prevents us from making
more money. How many people would not do
this because they don't want to look
stupid or be embarrassed. It doesn't
need to be a good idea. It just needs to
get people talking. There's the
financial modeling world cup, which is a
real thing. And then there's Excel
Esports. They're selling general
admission tickets for $30. They are
getting thousands of signups. I think
people would pay thousands for that
experience, honestly. He has a $7
million a year business repurposing
their YouTube tutorials into physical
magazine. Insert YouTube video URL. Spit
out magazine. What are we doing? Why
wouldn't it work for mine?
So, I'm on Instagram and I see this
viral video of a horse that is like
someone shaved these crazy intricate
patterns into its hair, right? Like, it
looks like a tattoo. Like huge huge
patterns. And then I learned that this
video was promoting some like horsehair
competition event in no-name city, like
Clovis City, California with 7,000
people. Like this is like not LA. This

[01:01]
people. Like this is like not LA. This
is like Central Valley, California,
where no one lives. They're selling
general admission tickets for $30.
They're selling, you know, you could
admit your horse to be judged and graded
for $110. You can have a booth, like a
sponsored booth for $320.
And they are getting thousands of
signups for people to come bring their
horse their horses that have cool
haircuts and then for other people to
just to come look at them. Yeah. Yeah.
That's genius. Well, it's a genius idea
to make money first of all. Also for
whoever if it's a barber that's putting
this on, it's a great way for him to get
lots of new clients for his barber shop
as well as all the other barbers. Yeah,
I thought that was an awesome idea. So
then I was thinking, okay, what other
industries could do this if you were a
version of this? Because you can't
always I don't think you'll always be
able to charge for the event, but it
could be a cool event that's free.
That's a fun competition. So I was
thinking like if you're a window
cleaning company, just have the event be
bring me the dirtiest cars, the dirtiest

[02:03]
bring me the dirtiest cars, the dirtiest
cars you can bring them in and I will
speed clean it for free and you tie me
or whatever. That's one. Another one
would be you get accountants in a room
and you bring a bunch of people that
need their taxes done and you have a
race to see who can get the taxes done
the fastest and do it all for free. But
like, yeah, there are ways that you can
be creative and have fun events that get
eyeballs and you get customers. And
obviously this barber struck gold with
his idea. I think there's a good saying
that there's no such thing as a boring
business. There's only boring content.
So, nobody has a boring business. You
just got to be creative with the content
sometimes. Well, dude, there's like at
least two companies doing this with
Excel. There's the financial modeling
world cup, which is a real thing. People
live stream their screens. Yeah.
Crunching Excel numbers. And then
there's it's called Excel Esports, which
is basically a direct competitor to the

[03:01]
is basically a direct competitor to the
Financial Modeling World Cup. I'm sorry,
but if people will pay money to compete
in and watch that, they will pay money
for anything. Okay? Anything that people
are passionate about. One of those has
been on ESPN 2. They've streamed like
the championship on one of those. I saw
it while scrolling. So, yeah. Yeah.
That's crazy. I mean, like Microsoft,
Notion, Air Table, they sponsor these
events. It costs up to $100 to compete
in these events. Like why not like like
a Vibe marketing or a Vibe coding live
streaming event or competition? It could
be worldwide. It could be like Twitch.
It could be like just picture this. You
get a bunch of Vibe marketers. Mhm. And
you get them all in the same Google Meet
and one of the requirements is they have
to share their screen and you say, "All
right, the idea is a an app that keeps
track of your golf score and we will
grade you on these five categories." or
maybe you say the actual idea after all
this because people are going to get
started early. Yeah, we're going to

[04:00]
started early. Yeah, we're going to
grade you on these five categories. User
interface, user design, what is your
database look like, ease of use, and
it's basically like first person to be
to submit your successful like Apple App
Store application wins $5,000. Yeah.
Right. And then they just share their
screens and then you have a commentator,
someone who knows what they're talking
about, like, "Okay, this guy, oh, look
at him. He's moving these pixels around.
Oh, he's going for replet. Oh my gosh,
this guy's going for Windsurf. I didn't
know wind surf was good for Apple apps.
That would sell. I'm sorry, but like
what are we doing? We need to do that.
You should do that. You know what you
could do? You could crowdsource people
from Twitter or whatever or just go to
like go to
Lovable and Bull and Flutterflow and
Replet and be like, "Hey, I want you to
send me one person that's going to use
yours and we're going to we're going to
showcase the top six in real time and
let's see who wins." And it'll be a fun,

[05:01]
let's see who wins." And it'll be a fun,
you know, we're not gonna talk bad about
any of your platforms or whatever, but
we'll have a live commentator like you
were saying, but that'd be a really fun
event. Oh my gosh. I'm like, this is the
look on my face when I'm like really
thinking deeply about something. You
should actually do I feel like you you
need to limit it to like 10 people
because there's only so much you can
look at on a screen. Maybe even like
nine people so it's like a 3x3 grid on a
computer screen, right? Yeah, that would
be good. So, here's how this works. I
make you free videos. I actually know
what I'm talking about. I have no greasy
sales pitch at the end. And if you
implement what I talk about, you'll make
a lot more money and have a better life.
And all I ask for in return is that you
hit the subscribe button and maybe even
the notification bell. Just like that.
Thank you. You probably want to have
some sort of filtering mechanism. We
don't need to find like the Nikita Beers
of the world, but just like your average
stay-at-home marketing bro vibe coder.
Like I think it needs to be like a non
coder, right? Yeah, that would be best.
Yeah. someone that maybe knows a little,
you know, a little bit of their way
around, but yeah, a non-coder would be

[06:00]
around, but yeah, a non-coder would be
that'd be cool. Yeah, I think Bolt is
doing something like this, but it's in
person. Have you heard about that? Like
a hackathon that competition. I saw
something that was a oneon-one a few
weeks ago on Twitter. I I think I saw
that. You know, you could also do the
the like Paul Bunan versus the chainsaw
version. You could the Paul Bunan being
an actual coder who's coding the whole
time. Chainsaw version being replet or
flutterflow or bolt or whatever and
theoretically the second version is
going to be faster for sure. You would
assume but maybe not if the other coder
is like really good. But you can
basically have an expert coder and then
a novice replet user one- on-one who can
do the golf score tracker app the
fastest and the best
because maybe you know with the expert
coder you would think oh their database
is going to look better and all that
kind of stuff but maybe the novice

[07:01]
kind of stuff but maybe the novice
replet user will still get across the
finish line way faster and I don't know
but I think a version of that would be
interesting too. I'm just having a very
hard time focusing right now. I just I'm
just thinking like, oh, like maybe you
don't charge anyone anything to start,
but maybe you charge like something very
nominal to the nine coders just so they
feel more invested and they're actually
going to take it seriously like 20, 30,
40 bucks, right? It's like an entry fee.
Okay, you're not trying to make money on
this. And then do you think you charge
spectators or not? You just make that
free. You could almost do the reverse.
You could do the AOL strategy. You could
say anyone who comes gets this many
tokens for free to our
X whatever you are. Yeah, I like the
idea of doing it with like a sponsorship
from Replet or something, but that's
just another level of friction to
prevent anyone from launching it, myself
included, then you got to find someone.
You got to So like if you're just going
if you want to make some money doing
this without having to talk to any
decision makers, you can do this. It's

[08:01]
decision makers, you can do this. It's
like $5 to spectate and the coders, the
five marketers, they pay $20 as an entry
fee. Only nine people and you pay $5 to
watch and then the winner gets like half
of the pot, like half of the door fees.
That kind of incentivizes the the
entrance, the competitors to invite
their friends and family to come watch
because if they win, they get a bigger
share of the pie. But you could also do
it where it's like it is a 60inute
clock. All right. And whoever gets the
furthest wins. And so it's graded based
on predetermined categories, based on
how it looks after an hour, whether it's
done or not. Yeah, that'd be awesome.
And so one person might have beautiful
design, but it's just not functional or
vice versa. But they're all graded the
same. Yeah, I want to do this. Very
different version of this uh but the
same business model was a very small
business that I had in high school which
was based off of the short story of Most
Dangerous Game. I don't know if you ever

[09:00]
Dangerous Game. I don't know if you ever
read that, but um that sounds familiar.
We had to read it in R. It was mandatory
reading, but it was a it was short, so I
read it. I didn't use the cliff notes on
this one. It was a story about like a
guy hunts a h human on an island.
Anyway, I start after we read it, we all
became obsessed. So, I would organize
most dangerous game competitions where
everyone would have to pay 20 bucks
towards the pot. And what it was was you
would know the end location of the race
before the event started. You wouldn't
know the start location though. So then
all the racers would be taken to the
start location on the day of. It'd be in
the evening. And there were also
shooters who would shoot you with a
paintball gun who also had to pay the
entrance fee of 20 bucks each. And
whoever the first racer is to get to the
end without getting hit gets half the
pot. The shooters get the pot of each
person they hit and then I would just
take the difference. So anyway,
interesting. That reminds me of an idea
I had like 10 years ago. Have you ever

[10:02]
I had like 10 years ago. Have you ever
heard of dietbet?
Remember that? Dietbet.com. Set up or
join a weight loss challenge. This
website gets 5,000 visitors a month. I
think it used to be a lot bigger. But I
had the idea of survivalb.com.
Okay. Because like any any dude out
there is like in our primal core. We
want to know potentially what's that?
This is potentially morbid. Yeah.
Potentially.
Yeah. No, it's like it's it's more of
like who can survive or thrive the best
out in the wilderness for a week or
whatever. And of course, you've got to
sign waiverss at the yin-yang. You don't
want people to sue you if someone gets
sick. But it's kind of like the show
alone. Have you ever seen Alone? Such a
good show. But it's just for like the
everyday man. And it it's going to cost
like $3,000 to do it. Yeah. And you just
need someone that can rent or borrow or
steal or own 50 to 500 acres of land
anywhere. And you maybe they go through
like a 24-hour crash course of training

[11:01]
like a 24-hour crash course of training
how to start fires, yada. And everyone
gets the same level of training and then
they go out there and survive and based
on like predetermined things. Yeah. Who
wins? And maybe you share the prize pot
with everyone. But like my dad went to a
survival school in southern Utah when he
was like early 20s and they don't have
it anymore. And how long? I think they
oh I like a month I think it was like 30
days. He spent like a week training but
then he was all by himself for 30 days
like in the desert trying to survive.
And his dad did it and they said it was
like a life-changing experience like a
pivotal moment in their lives. And I
just think that that like first
principles that taps into something that
we all want to know like how could I do
like what would it be like to not have a
phone for a month or a week or three
days in this case. I think someone could
do really really well. It's kind of like
a tough mutter on steroids, you know?
It's a lot of money. It's kind of elite,
but it's hard. It's like plays into the

[12:01]
but it's hard. It's like plays into the
do hard things trend that David Gogggins
cultures of the world. But as an Eagle
Scout myself, the Wilderness Survival
Merit badge was one of my favorite merit
badges that I had to get, which you had
to last for 24 hours just off of what
you could make. And you had to, you
know, make your own little shelter, your
own fire and stuff. So, I think it's
innate in lots of people, especially
men, would be very intrigued by this
idea. I think people would pay thousands
for that experience. Yeah, honestly.
Yeah. Well, people pay thousands to get
beat up and reamed by Marines. So, I
know.
Don't get me started. Yeah. On the VI
marketing front, I do think that that is
something that a lot of small
businesses, home service companies could
and should definitely do. Aka give
people a peak behind the curtains of
your business. Show behind the scenes
content. If you're a lawyer and you have
a tough case, you know, bleep out the

[13:01]
a tough case, you know, bleep out the
names of the case when you're talking
about it, but show you talking to your
other lawyers or parillegals or whatever
about like a heated conversation about
the stance that you think you should
take or whatever, that'd be super
interesting content. Or I know if you're
an accountant and you just you're
running the numbers and you found a
really big unlock for one of your
clients where they can take advantage
of, you know, some thing to offset their
taxes. start record and record your
screen and talk through like this is a
common thing that people miss, but I
just found it. Here's what I would
recommend if I were you. You know, if
you have a homebased business, this is
what a lot of people forget or I don't
know. I mean, you can always think of
interesting stuff and just do that and
show it off. Don't always just show like
before and after before and after. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I have like conversations
with business owners all the time and
they tell me these crazy stories and I'm
like that could go viral. like just you
telling that story into the camera that
could go viral. Like it's just people,
you know, not everyone has to post
content, but yeah, if crazy things are

[14:00]
content, but yeah, if crazy things are
happening, then tell the internet about
it. Yeah. I got a random off-the-wall
idea for you. Okay. I was not trying to
flex, but I was recently featured in the
Alabama Alumni Magazine. Tens of people
read this. Tens of people. Okay. But
something very interesting happened. I
got an email from a company a few days
after it was published and it's a
physical magazine only and this company
is called that'sg greatnews.com.
Okay. And this email, it looked
personalized at first, but then it was
clear it wasn't. If you go to that'sg
greatnews.com, it's very clear what they
do. They've got a decent landing page
because I can see what they do. They do.
They were like, "Chris, congratulations.
You were just featured by the Alabama
Alumni Magazine. we would love to send
you a plaque like with like featuring a
page from this with like plexiglass over
it and yada yada yada. At first I
thought, oh, this is cool. Like this is
just a gift from the University of
Alabama to say thanks for taking the
time to be in our magazine or whatever.

[15:00]
time to be in our magazine or whatever.
And then I'm like, no, no, this is
really good marketing. And then I saw in
the fine print of the email, it's like
we are not associated with the
University of Alabama in any way. And
I'm like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's just
they just have a feeler out there and
like I literally don't think that
article is anywhere on the internet. But
this company must subscribe maybe to all
the university alumni magazines and
someone literally goes through and reads
them. Chris Kerner Googles my name,
finds my email, emails me, they must be
doing all that work because they have a
high close rate, right? Yeah. I mean, I
I would bet that their close rates like
50%. Who wouldn't want to commemorate
this thing where they were just happily
featured in with the thing that you know
it might cost you 40 bucks or whatever
because I'm sure they're charging for
it. Yeah. But but yeah, I mean everybody
likes especially if you know it's like
an alumni magazine. Everyone's you know
most people are pretty proud of where
they went to college. So yeah, that's a
super smart idea. I did a little digging
into this company and they've been

[16:00]
into this company and they've been
around for a while and they seem to have
a a pretty big presence. Like think of
all the random magazines out there or
newspapers that we don't even know
exists, right? Yeah. This company, they
have had a website since 2003.
Like that sounds like a moat to me. That
sounds like they're crushing it. I had
Al Don on my podcast a week or so ago,
and he has a $7 million a year business
repurposing their YouTube tutorials into
physical magazine. Yeah. Magazine.
That's crazy. The magazine. Did you hear
that? Yeah. Yeah. The magazine cost them
80ent.
Yeah. And they charge like $7 every two
months for it. And he didn't think it
would be anything. And it's a sevenf
figureure profit business. So people are
paying to to hear him again or to read
him. Yeah. Okay. First of all, so video
is cool, but you know what's better?
Long form audio via podcast and my
newsletter. tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio

[17:00]
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales tkopod.com.
Someone could do that business as a
service for any YouTube channel. It I
don't think it would work for mine.
Actually, it could work for mine. Like,
why wouldn't it work for mine? Like
business ideas in a magazine, you know?
Yeah. But especially longer form people
that do longer form or tutorials, like
why not? Yeah. And like the more AI
takes over, the more we're online, the
more we want a physical magazine. Like I
subscribe to Texas Monthly and D
Magazine. I don't read them often, but I
pay for them. They're sitting three feet
away from me. It's just cool to sit down
on a Sunday afternoon and read a
magazine. So, there's a guy on Twitter.
I don't know how to pronounce his last
name, but his first name, the epic
gardening guy. What's Yeah, Kevin.
Kevin. Kevin. I'm just thinking like he
and they his team make really high
quality content. They someone should
totally approach him and say, "Hey, I'll
do a mag. It'll be a magazine. It'll be
like the home and garden magazine, but

[18:00]
like the home and garden magazine, but
just you to your customers. Oh, you
know, maybe it's once a quarter because
maybe there's not enough for monthly
versions or whatever. Yep. And you know,
you'll send 12 bucks a quarter and your
cost is only going to be two bucks to
me. We do ask that you promote it
according to this schedule. Maybe one
email per week, one midroll ad per week,
but all we take is 20% off the topline.
And you plug into existing audiences. I
don't think there's any niche off limits
for this. Gaming, entertainment, like I
think certain niches would have much
higher opt-in rates than others, right?
Like I don't know how many like Mr.
Beast recap magazines are going to be
sold on a percentage basis, right? But I
think Epic Gardening has 4 million
YouTube subscribers
on one of their several channels. Yes.
Yeah. I guarantee you a lot of those
people would love and they have two
million on Instagram. Those are the only
ones I'm gonna check right now. A lot of
those people would love a quarterly
magazine from that. And he could

[19:00]
magazine from that. And he could
incorporate it into his videos. He's
like, "Yeah, on this not even as an ad,
but like in this session you we put an
exclusive thing in here, yada yada
yada." And it's like, "Oh, wow." Without
having to waste like a midroll ad spot,
he could incorporate it into his current
videos. I think someone should do this
that's great news idea for like any
online article. Like who's stopping?
Like say you're featured in tech
TechCrunch, right? Why couldn't you
print out that article and get it on a
physical plaque and mailed to you? Why
wouldn't you want that? Yeah, that'd be
dude with for either idea for the that's
great news or for the magazine thing.
Yeah, that could be an app that you
build in Replet. It could just be a
prompt. Yeah, true. Insert YouTube video
URL. Spit out magazine. Yeah. What are
we doing? Okay, here's one more idea for
this is for Nathan for you fans. Nathan
Fielder. He always did he did four
seasons of that show. Crazy marketing
ideas. Basically, every episode was a
marketing class. Always tout his degree
from some online business college in

[20:01]
from some online business college in
Canada. Start of each episode, but
they're all funny if you haven't watched
them. That's a plug for the listeners.
Anyway, so like if you're a realtor,
make it your pitch on every every single
Instagram video that you post or Tik Tok
or YouTube or whatever. Make sure
everyone knows that you certified there
are zero ghosts in that home. You
already exercised them or whatever and
have the ghost free guarantee with a
little badge. you're gonna go viral in
your little local market for that and
get some PR and and it would just be
funny. And guess who's gonna stand out
from all the other realtors in your
area? It's going to be you because
everybody else is the same exact thing.
So like how can you do something weird
and funny that's obviously tongue and
cheek but can get eyeballs. I dude Yeah.
Here's a thought the framework that
comes to me is like how much pride and
ego prevents us from making more money.
Like how many people would not do this

[21:01]
Like how many people would not do this
because they don't want to look stupid
or be embarrassed because everyone's
going to think I'm an idiot. They're
going to talk about me. You want people
to talk about you. The people that
matter, the people that know that it's a
brilliant marketing stunt will see you
as brilliant. Yeah. Here's a stat for
you. 45% of people believe in ghosts.
45%. There's your market. Hey, I believe
in them. So, I would like to know if the
house I was buying didn't have them. So,
yeah, that would be nice. At least not
the bad ones. Yeah. I think there's
something to that. You could It could be
like a certifying body, right? Yeah.
Where like for 10 bucks, 20 bucks,
whatever, you get like a stamp or a
digital stamp or a seal of approval or
something. Yeah. It's not like we're
asking you to go do a Tik Tok dance in
front of the camera. It's just you're
just saying, "Hey, it's ghost free
guarantee." That's your slogan.
Oh, you don't have the GFG? I'm sorry.
What was that? Yeah. And you could even
do like a bottoms up approach where you
do like some grassroots campaign to have
like the home shoppers ask the realtors.

[22:02]
like the home shoppers ask the realtors.
It's do you remember was it I don't
remember one of like the '9s GAN brands.
That's how they grew like crazy. Jord
Dash. Jord Dash. J O R D. You remember
them? They just asked all their friends
and family to call up all the J C Penney
every day and say, "Do you have Jord
Dash? Do you carry Jord Dash? Do you
carry Jord Dash?" And then after a month
of that, they pitch J C Penney and like,
"Oh my gosh, everyone's asking about
you." That's very That's the thing. It's
bottoms up, right? You could even say,
"Facebook, show me all the people that
are home shopping right now." And then
you could pitch the GFG guarantee to
them. So they could and like do it on a
very confined radius, like one city
only, but like high ad spend for that
one city where they're getting beat up
all the time. And then the realtors will
naturally see it as well because they're
probably going to fall into the
algorithm. Yeah. Oh my gosh, my brain's
exploding. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. I
do like Nathan Filder's idea to have
poop flavored frozen yogurt. Oh my gosh.
Like some sort of crazy frozen yogurt
flavor just to get people in the door

[23:00]
flavor just to get people in the door
and talking about it. The funny thing is
all of almost all of his things actually
worked. Like do you remember the pizza
one where it was like if it's not there
within 10 minutes you get a free one and
they always just showed up with the
small free one. Yeah. Yeah. It was like
a Tatino's pizza roll. It gets people
talking. It's interesting. Like, it
doesn't need to be a good idea. It just
needs to get people talking. Yeah. Yeah.
It's so funny. All right, Brandon. Okay.
Well, thanks. All right. What'd you
think? Lots of ideas. Go out and start
something. Share this with a friend.
Leave me a fivestar review. And I really
appreciate