[00:00]
If you're stuck in the suck and you
don't do anything different, you're
going to be in the suck forever. Nothing
changes if nothing changes. I was so
unproductive for majority of the day.
When I was 22 was really when this first
started to be a problem because my wife
was pregnant and so I went to a
psychiatrist and she's like, "You don't
have ADHD. You have delusions of
grandeur." That's complete BS. One of
the greatest gifts you can have in your
life is to have delusions of grandeur.
It completely changed my life. I've had
fear my whole life. Deep, deep fear of
failure. And then my kids were born. And
I was just like, dude, I totally have to
perform here. Everything I tried didn't
work. Then I did a few things that were
not normal and it worked. And all of a
sudden, I started making a lot of money
and being successful. I know that if I
lift myself up, I'm going to lift up a
whole community of people. Most people
live lives of quiet desperation. And it
just doesn't have to be that way.
Let's talk about the mindset
fundamentals or like the mindset
foundations that one should build or
have before deciding to become an

[01:00]
have before deciding to become an
entrepreneur. One of the most important
ones is people think like problems are
barriers instead opportunities. And I
think that I always joke and I say you
should fall in love with problem solving
because that's your job every single
day. That's your job. And if you can get
that mindset in your head of okay,
what's the next problem? Not, oh, once I
solve these problems, it's going to be
easy street. It that never happens
because you're just going to create new
problems happen. You know, you have to
hire people or you have to get a
building and you have to buy inventory
and you have to do this and the bank and
the lawyers and the this and the that.
So, if you just understand from the
beginning that, well, this is it. I'm in
the problem solving business. I think
that's a really crucial something to
print out, put it on your whiteboard and
to look at it all the time and remind
yourself because you're going to get so
frustrated and one of the I just think
the biggest risk is you know people quit
because they think they follow people
like you you know listen to me and I
talk you know my story and I had success
but you know it's massively huge grind

[02:02]
but you know it's massively huge grind
over and over and over and I love
talking about it and I love being
enthusiastic and getting other people
involved but I want to be realistic with
them as well. So falling in love and
problem solving I think is I think is
just huge. What if you're listening to
this and you think I don't like problem
solving but I want to I want to like it.
Are there any exercises? Yeah. I think
you have to start small. Right. This is
why I tell people like if you want to
become a reseller, sell stuff in your
house. We talked about this on a
previous episode that you should just
learn and find. Yes, you will limit the
problems, right? you are going to solve
and you're saying, "Oh, I've solved this
problem now. I know how to solve it. So,
next time it will be easier or or it
will be less of a surprise." I don't
know if easier's the right word, but I
think you just have to start Yeah. at a
low level, solve these little problems
as you go along. If you get so
frustrated and you can't like get your
resale permit or you can't you don't
want to learn the accounting software,

[03:00]
want to learn the accounting software,
you don't know how to deal with eBay and
you think you're getting eBay's, you
know, holding you back or they're not
supporting you, there's techniques that
you have to do and I talk about them all
the time, but if you're not willing to
do them, you know, there's that saying
that we can only make suggestions,
right? But people have to make
decisions. They have to decide. How can
people decide? like if they get to that
point where they're frustrated and they
they can't get the resale permit or
whatever, where's the line between like
this is not for you, like this is just
not for you and that's okay. Doesn't
need to be for everyone and keep
pressing through like this could be for
you. Like how can people decide that?
Like where's the line between just
natural difficulty and this is I'm
trying to make an apple and orange here.
I always felt I had no choice. It was
always money driven, right? I had to
make a living. It's definitely easier
when everything you own like could fit
in a pickup truck, right? When you're
young and you don't have it's something
easier. But I think that the problems
can guide you because maybe this isn't

[04:00]
can guide you because maybe this isn't
for you. Maybe, oh, I'm going to start
this kind of business and do some, you
know, small experiments and you and you
learn, oh, this I don't like this, you
know, this is a nightmare. In my
experience, it led me to something
different. I constantly still going
through that where it's like, well, just
like this business, this content
business, some parts of it I love and
other parts I don't like at all. It
stresses me out and I, you know, even
even coaching other people, I feel a
deep sense of
responsibility and that I have to really
be careful with because I get so into it
that it stresses me out. You know, I can
make suggestions and if you follow this
path, this is what worked for me, but
the outcome is up to the person. Have
you ever seen that meme where it's like,
oh, I don't remember what it was, but
it's kind of like men when they go
running, they tell themselves, if I
don't reach that next telephone pole, my
whole family's going to die. Right? It's
just like, and men do that. Like, we
have this weird thing in our brain where

[05:01]
have this weird thing in our brain where
to motivate ourselves or to lift heavy
or to run far or run fast, we lie to
ourselves and make up these these fake
scenarios. And it's kind of funny. It's
a meme, but it's kind of how we operate.
And I was thinking back to when I
weighed 260 pounds all of my 20s. I
couldn't believe that. I saw that
picture. I was like, that can't be real.
Yeah. And I I went on strict keto. So,
as a member of my church, I've never
tasted alcohol. I've never smoked
anything or done anything, right? Ever.
Never even tasted it. And so part of the
way I was able to not eat carbs for five
months straight was I would lie to
myself and like we if we'd go out to
dinner and then dessert would be passed
around, I would tell myself eating that
cookie is not an option. Like it's not
just like if they were to pass around
alcohol, I wouldn't even consider it. It
wouldn't even be a temptation because
I've never done it and I'm not about to
start. And so I would kind of convince
myself in my brain that the cookie was
alcohol or a dangerous drug or something

[06:00]
alcohol or a dangerous drug or something
and like it removes the choice from me,
right? Yeah. I don't even have to
choose. It's like that's not even a
choice. That's not an option. I I'm not
going to do that. Whereas the times
since being off keto and I've kind of
had some willpower and like didn't Yeah,
I knew I shouldn't eat that cookie or
the third cookie and I do anyway. I
don't It's cuz I'm not employing that
tactic. I'm not telling myself it's not
an option. It's it it is an option and
I'm kind of weighing my, you know, the
costbenefit analysis and then I always
end up doing it. And I think there's
several lessons in there. One is like
there's a lot of power to and this isn't
a good way to say it to lying to
ourselves, right? To convincing
ourselves. So like tricking our brain in
into something that's not actually there
because our brains are powerful. And
then two, there's a lot of power to
You're right. It's that language that
you use, right? That is very very true.
and when I started. So, here's how this
works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,

[07:00]
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. My whole thing is
I have this deep deep fear of failure
like deep in my body that like I feel
like I break out in hives if I have to.
And I have failed, don't get me wrong,
but over and over in this greater sense
of being a failure to my family, my
wife, and I've written a lot about this
that finding someone that motivates you
like that you're performing. I'm still
getting up early in the morning to
impress my wife. When I my kids were
born, I was just like, dude, I totally
have to perform here. I wanted to be
the, you know, great dad. I wanted
people to see me as connected with my
kids.
I wanted to be, you know, a coach. I
wanted to be the scout leader. And, you
know, so I always think of that failure
as like I do anything I can. I have to
avoid that because my story is really
important. The story that I tell myself

[08:01]
important. The story that I tell myself
in my head and the stories that I tell
the people around me that I care about,
I do care what people think. You know, I
know they tell you you shouldn't, but
that's ridiculous. And I think that's
just a lie in society. We all care what
people think. You know, we care more of
some people than others, right? But, you
know, once you connect with people and
do things like I would know I could not
show up and be late for this this
podcast because there's I would chop my
arm off, you know, if I versus doing
that because like oh this guy I got this
connection and I want to make a good
impression and that kind of thing. That
is what I did and it kept me going
because I thought I learned early on to
do things backwards and to not because
and I was just forced to because
everything I tried didn't work and then
I did a few things that were kind of not
normal and it worked and all of a sudden
I started making a lot of money and
being successful and I was like well
this is weird. So what if I just kept
doing this? So, I think of myself as an
old man and I think about what's what

[09:02]
old man and I think about what's what
stories do I want to tell when I'm
sitting around the campfire. I use that
metaphor every day in my life. What am I
going to tell about this story? What am
I going to say about this? Even my wife
and I just went on this awesome
vacation. And both of us are just like,
well, even if it sucks, we'll have some
great stories to tell. Even if it's a
disaster, and it was almost a disaster.
We our plane got shipped. We had to get
shipped to another airline. all this. I
had to ride in the middle seat for you
know five hours was brutal all the from
you know from business class all the way
back to nothing you know stuffed in the
seat but you think about it this is
going to be a good story we're going to
talk about it so back to your original
thing of how how did you know sometimes
you do have to stop but that to me I
just like okay well that part didn't
work but look at all these things I
figured out now how do I how do I lean
into that because it's there's so many
millions millions of different things
you can do to be independent. That's
what I was looking for, independence and

[10:01]
what I was looking for, independence and
to be in control of it myself. I'm
drawing so many connections here. Like a
the person who outwardly says, "I don't
care what people think about me." They
probably care more than the average
person and that's why they're saying
that to project that, right? Yep. And b
I was thinking how you and I'm the same.
I'm the exact same here. wanting to do
things just for the story or kind of
hedging against a failure by saying,
"Ah, at least it'll be a good story." I
do the exact same thing. That probably
is directly tied into us caring about
what people think. You know, we want to
tell I'm already thinking about what I'm
going to say. Yeah. We want people to be
impressed by our stories. I failed. But
this is a cool story though, isn't it?
You like the story though, don't you?
Because there's a third act. There's a
third act that always you come back. Oh,
I lost a million dollars, but let me
share with you how I turned it around
and I made 10 million. You know what I
mean? That those are great stories, but
it's a trying to be self-aware and
recognizing that that's a story I'm
really telling in my in my head. I am
delusional. There's no doubt about it. I

[11:00]
delusional. There's no doubt about it. I
conjure things from nothing. It is
magic. But if you if you keep telling
yourself that and you couple it, you
have to bolt it on to action, right?
Yeah. And like when I first came across
your content, I was like, "Well, this
guy's just all about ideas. Those are
easy. That's easy. I can sit and spout a
hundred ideas." But however, then I as I
got more into it and you know, you
sucked me in, I realized that, oh,
there's action here. This is look at
this research. Look at this scraping.
Look at this all these tools that he's
sharing to get these things done. That's
why you're so successful because you you
have bolted on this delusional belief
that you can create something from
nothing. Then you've bolted it together
with here's the action items, the
reality and the tools that you need to
make that delusion h really happen. And
and that's huge. That's huge. Thank you.
The ideas are like the bait, you know?
That's what people get. It's like the
fly trap. Yeah. The auctions are the

[12:00]
fly trap. Yeah. The auctions are the
bait, too, right? I believe in the
whistle, the whistle, the workhorse and
the whale concept, right? You you need a
whistle for your business. What gets
attention and then you get people in and
the average sales, the average stuff is
your workhorse. It's your stuff that
makes your bread and butter money every
day. And then the whale is here's your
huge offer and you're going to have less
people attracted to each of those
levels, right? So, it's the same thing.
You know, I post about these auctions
all the time and yeah, it's it's fun and
people think, "Oh, how do I get involved
in this?" And then you start to bolt on
some of the realities like well this is
these are the tools you need and here's
a community you should you know join and
all that all that kind of stuff. So it
works. I want to get back to the whistle
workhorse and whale but I got to get
these other thoughts out of my head
first. Go ahead. Just about like the
ideas are being bait. My short form
videos get over 100 million views a
month and I guarantee you probably over
90 95 million of those people think I'm
a total idiot because they they're never
going deeper. They see one and then they
swipe. Oh, this that's so dumb. Oh,

[13:01]
swipe. Oh, this that's so dumb. Oh,
that's so dumb. And that really is at
odds with my desire for people for
people to like me and to for me caring
what people think. Like I don't know how
those two mesh because they're ex exact
opposites. One of your superpowers is
you're not afraid of being embarrassed.
I wish I was better at it. If you can
not be afraid of being
embarrassed, man, the world is your
oyster. Yeah. because it allows you to
fail and look bad or stupid or not worry
about what you this or sticking the
camera in front of your face or, you
know, when you're running down the
street with your rucks sack and you're
sweating like crazy and talking. I'm
just like, dude, this this is
ridiculous. But it works because you
don't care. You Well, maybe you care,
but you're not you don't have that fear
of embarrassment like I'm not going to
be at my best form or whatever. You're
just like, hey, I just need to get the
content out and I'm going to do this.
It's interesting because I think I just
had a realization as you said that I
agree it's probably some of that not
being afraid of being embarrassed but at

[14:01]
being afraid of being embarrassed but at
the same time like anytime I'm at a
public function like I don't want people
to know that I'm there. I don't want
them to look at me or focus on me.
Right. And so what I think it is even
more than that is I don't read the
comments most of the time. That's good.
And I don't have the bandwidth. Like
it'd be physically impossible to read
all the comments. So, if I only put out
like one video a day and they never
really went viral and there were only 10
comments a day and eight were negative,
I might quit. But because of the fact
that I I'm it's willful strategic
ignorance. I ignorance can be bliss and
I choose to not know cuz when I do go
read the comments, I'll respond like,
well, that's not true because and and
then I'm like, what are you doing,
Chris? Who cares? Cuz most of the top
liked comments on most of my short form
videos, now long form is the exact
opposite. The comments are very
positive, but on the shorts, they're
negative and I'm an idiot and I don't
know what I'm talking about. You don't.
That's correct. I just I can't read
them. I have to strategically ignore
them and then only then can I press
forward. Yeah. I'm very thin skinned
like on with my stuff, too. If you if

[15:00]
like on with my stuff, too. If you if
you come out and start I'm just like,
"Oh, I just block you. I just don't have
time for it. I don't I just admit it.
I'm thin skinned. I don't want to be I'm
trying to help people. I'm doing it to
have fun for myself. I'm very selfish.
But in the sense that in my head, my
selfishness helps other people, right? I
have been hugely motivated to be
successful. And I'm going to clip that
one line out. My selfishness helps other
people. No context. I'll just post.
Yeah, that's that's correct. That's got
That's some like border crazy narcissist
comment. Yeah. Yeah. But I know that if
I lift myself up, I'm going to lift up a
whole community of people, my family, my
friends. I know it. I I've seen it in
action. It's like the greater good.
Yeah, it is the And it works. I saw I
saw it from a very young age and I was
fortunate to have some success and to
take some risks, but then you know, you
think you're bulletproof and you think
everything you're going to do works and
then so you need some good you need to
get kicked in the teeth once in a while
to rejust your brain and

[16:01]
to rejust your brain and
to to remind yourself that you're you
don't have it all figured out. And it
also helps you pivot into into new
things because nothing lasts forever.
Every good thing is going to end. And
also every bad thing usually ends too,
right? That's a good thing. So we're
sometimes think that good things will
last forever, right? And that bad things
only last a little while, but well it
can flip. And if you get caught in a bad
rut, you know, a rut is just a grave
with both ends kicked out. It's just
bad. You've got to get out of this. You
just have to change something.
Something. It could be anything. You
should walk to work instead of drive.
You should change your office. You
should have your sales meetings on the
roof of your building. You should, you
know, you have to change your
physicality and and the anything you
could change the way you dress. You
could, you just have to physically, for
me,
changing as much of the things as I can
when things are bad helps me power
through and get to the other side. Well,
this quote just I it's not my quote. And

[17:01]
this quote just I it's not my quote. And
I heard it months ago, but it just
popped in my head this morning right
before this call. I was talking to my
wife about a struggle we were having
with one of our kids. And I was like,
well, let's what do we do about it? What
do we change? And then we're like, I
don't know this. And then I said, well,
nothing changes if nothing changes. I
wish I could claim that quote. It's not
mine. I don't know where it came from,
but it's just so beautiful. Nothing
changes if nothing changes. And like,
duh. But then you you think a little
deeply on it and it's like I just have
to do something differently or nothing
will change. It won't. And and if you
expect that, isn't that the definition
of insanity, right? Is not making any
change and thinking it's not going to be
the same way. It's crucial. And you get
stuck in these bad situations,
especially in business, but even just in
life in general. And for me, that
changing the physicality, like I I
always tell people, and this always
freaks them out. One of the things that
we regularly do, my wife and I, is we
change the side of the bed that we sleep
on. Really interesting. Absolutely.
Absolutely. Because where did you learn

[18:01]
Absolutely. Because where did you learn
that from? I don't know though if I read
it somewhere or and I can remember her
telling her the first time and she was
like what? Why would we want to do that?
I was like cuz it's change. It's
different. It gets you used to doing
things in a different manner because we
all are creatures of habit and we all
fall into those myself included where
you get oh I love this repetition and it
feels really good but then you get
smashed in the side of the head and you
have a hard time changing. So changing
the side of the bed you sleep on, the
side of the couch you sit on, changing
it up all the, you know, I mean, we
don't do it every week, but we do it
every few months. Yeah. And when I tell
people that and I suggest that, they
tell me I'm crazy. No, I love that. They
give me every every reason in the book.
Well, I have to sleep near the door.
What? Why? Oh, it's protection. Where do
you live? What's going on, dude? When
was the last time you got attacked?
Yeah. Come on. It's crazy. And so, so
video is cool, but you know what's
better? long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for

[19:00]
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for
free to my newsletter. It's one email a
week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week.
Stuff like this. You're going to love
it. All free. No sleazy salespitch.
tkopod.com. If you just change things
like that, it's it's really it changes
you. Like I I'm I love to hunt and in
the winter time I sleep in a beat up old
trailer, you know, a few days of the
week and it's I can't wait to do it and
I can't wait to stop doing it, you know,
at the end. And I'm like, "Ah, God, it's
going to be great." And I love it, but
then I'm ready to do something else. So
that change, if you can find ways to
bring it into your life a little more,
it it it goes back to your question
about problem solving. It it helps you
adapt to your world view should be that
this will not last. This will not stay
the same. And maybe it's because I was
in the consumer electronics business
forever, right? That nothing stays the
same. And the prices are always going
down. So you're constantly like, "Oh,
what am I going to sell?" and I can't
sell that anymore because they don't
Apple doesn't make it and I get this and
that and that. So, you're forced to just

[20:00]
that and that. So, you're forced to just
keep adapting to to new ways to generate
revenue because, you know, I had all
these people depending on me, all these
employees and landlords and lawyers and
bankers all depending on me. I think
people learn so much faster when they do
it the hard way. You know, you could
have been in an easier industry, but you
wouldn't have learned as much or as
fast. You kind of put your learning on
supercharge mode. Yeah. And that's why I
always tell people in the beginning,
we're going to learn how to do this
manually. I'm going to teach you how to
do it manually. Yes, we can automate it
and we will, but if you skip that and go
right to this fully automated part, I
don't I don't think you value it as
much. You know, when you're Yeah. When I
was selling, you know, handbags on
Poshmark, you know, you have to follow
like thousands of people a day. Da da da
da da da da da da da da da da. It's a
weird system. Now, yes, you can
definitely automate it. And once I did,
I was like, it's great. But I learned I
could follow a thousand people in like
10 minutes. So I could just sit, you
know, chilling out in the evening. It's
like, oh dut, you know, my thumb is
incredibly fast. That's probably my

[21:00]
incredibly fast. That's probably my
secret to
success. So you just do. But then I knew
I understood the power of the that on
that platform, the power of those
follows. And then I learned because I
was doing it manually, I learned that
there were better people to follow than
there are certain people that you should
follow. you need to follow this type of
person because they're going to be
attracted to your account when they see
you followed them and that person's a
buyer, you know, and then this and so
there's there's a whole system I learned
because I sat on, you know, the couch in
the evening and pressed that follow
button and looked and see who am I
following and what when they started
buying from me, I'd be like, well, what
kind of buyer is that and what makes
what attracted to them? them and then I
had I created this whole system around
it because I did it manually. That's
making me think of a friend that I have,
a couple friends that are very very
quick to automate things. Very quick.
And they'll have an idea and then
they'll they'll delegate it, they'll

[22:00]
they'll they'll delegate it, they'll
outsource it or they'll automate it and
then they'll move on to the next thing.
And what I've learned is they don't
really have all all that many skills.
They're never getting in the weeds.
They're like, I don't know if they think
they're above that or they don't have
time for that, but it's just like the
assistant can do this, we can automate
that, we can do that. And then when you
talk to them about like the actual
fundamentals of the business, they don't
know. They've never really been there.
That's interesting. Yeah. I feel like
very and I talk about keeping things
simple like when somebody explains their
business to me, if it's like really
complex and other stuff's like, "Wow,
man, that's impressive. It's impressive,
but how much of that dollar hits your
pocket? I'm always saying it, you know,
and and I always feel like there these
guys are way smarter than I am. But
doing things and keeping it simple and
like learning to press buttons yourself
and learning why it works, it's done
really well for me. I finally thought
back to the second example of not eating
carbs. Ah, cuz it's like, have you ever

[23:02]
carbs. Ah, cuz it's like, have you ever
heard the phrase, uh, that's how my ADD
brain works. Yeah. You've heard the
phrase, "How you do one thing is how you
do everything." Yeah, I've heard that.
Yep. Yeah. I think that's a load of
crap. Okay, that's my hot take for
today. It's a load of crap, you know,
like I I'm very like my car stays very
clean. It's It stays clean, but then
other parts of my life are very messy.
There are some things in my businesses
where I am like a micromanager and I
have attention to detail and it's like,
"No, you got to change this, you got to
change that." Then there are other
things where I'm not. It's like, "Ah,
whatever, whatever." Like I think people
can be trapped by feeling like they are
who they are in a certain way and they
have to be that same person in every
other way. Like for five months of my
life I didn't touch a carb and I was
insanely self-disciplined. And then for
37 years of my life I'm usually eating a
lot of carbs. Yeah. I usually have no
willpower or self-control. Like any
thoughts on that? Any experiences with
that in your life? I would agree. I

[24:00]
that in your life? I would agree. I
think I like certain things really clean
and other ones like like my garage is
always a disaster because I've got a
million projects going on and I always I
distrust people that have super clean
garages with no tools out and
everything's like just sheetrock, you
know, I'm like what do you do? What do
you you know what you think? But I think
you're right. And I also think it's I
don't know how much related this comment
is to that, but I think it's kind of fun
if you talk about this contrarian stuff
you do. I think I've been encouraged by
talking about my business and people
going, "What? How does that work?" I
always tell people, you know, they think
your life is a certain way because their
life is that way. And oh, you go to work
and you come home and you chill out and
you watch TV and then you go back to
work and you come home, you chill out
and then you you borrow a bunch of money
and you live this life and you have this
and you have a boat and a jet ski and
this and the other. But I think if when
you can just kind of drop little hints
about how your life is very different, I
really love doing that. And like I like

[25:00]
really love doing that. And like I like
I love dropping comments as I've gotten
better at it when I've as I've gotten
older, but like I don't really like
drinking water, right? I don't like
water. I don't think it tastes good.
Drink all kinds of stuff. Coffee, you
know, maybe have a soda once in a while,
iced tea, but everything has a flavor.
So I made this comment. I was at some
thing, you know, a couple weeks ago and
I was like, you know, I haven't had a
glass of water in like two years and the
whole table just
quiet and even though I mean it's who
invited this guy? Yeah, it's kind of BS,
but I mean it's directionally true,
right? I drink water with other ways,
you know, and and juice and tea and all
this kind of stuff. But once you have
some confidence, if you have a little
bit of success, you don't need much. A
little bit of success. It's like if you
can make that extra thousand bucks a
month or whatever, you can start talking
about it like, "Yeah, I made an extra
thousand bucks and yeah, how' you how'd
you do that? Oh, I just walked around my
house and I sold this and I did that or
I did that, you know, whatever." So, I
guess it is that the way you live, you
know, where your life is in one section
is the way it is in
every BS. I don't think it's true. I

[26:01]
every BS. I don't think it's true. I
think the best way to get confidence is
to fake that you have confidence to
start and then you fake it till you make
it and then eventually you the best way
to build confidence is actually have
something worth being confident about.
Yes. To do something yourself with your
hands. Find some level of success at
least that you find successful. That's
the most important part. And that will
build confidence more than more than any
book ever could. Oh, of course. And I I
I think you have to know you're going to
be afraid. I've had fear my whole life.
I still have it because I'm like, "Oh, I
got to try this new thing and I got to
do this and you know, like, yes, I don't
need to work anymore, but I'm afraid if
I stop, I'll die." You know what I mean?
And and I'll just sit here and rot and I
don't want to do that. When I was young,
I was afraid that how could I support my
family? So, I used that as a motivation.
It didn't hold me back. I think like
young people today unfortunately have
been not I'll make a terrible
generalization because I'm an old guy
now but we have a whole generation that
has been taught that your fears and

[27:00]
has been taught that your fears and
anxieties should be kind of siloed or
they make you special and you should
really pay attention to them and and
don't push yourself too far because it
can kind of hold you know and they hold
you back. I had those same fears and
anxieties. I put them behind me to push
me forward, right? Because I knew that I
just couldn't stay here. If you're, you
know, if you're stuck in the suck,
right? And you don't do anything
different, you're going to be in the
suck forever. So, move yourself forward
to to get out of that situation and try
different things. Change something.
Yeah. Just like we said, change
something. Change the side of the bed.
Yeah. You really go out of your out of
your comfort level. If I had to say one
thing, it's embracing that change has
been a big deal for me. Hard for people
around you though. Hard on my wife.
Hard, you know, it can definitely be
tough for them. I was just thinking of
an analogy. I I love mowing the lawn. I
have this riding mower and my lawn stays
wet a lot. We've gotten a lot of rain
lately and I get stuck. I get this thing

[28:00]
lately and I get stuck. I get this thing
stuck all the time and it is so
maddening. And the tires, they don't
have much tread. And you said stuck in
the What did you say? Stuck in the suck.
Stuck in the suck. Yep. And so I get
stuck and you know you've got these two
handles and the first thing I do is just
just like brute force. I go forward. No,
no, no, no. It's back. Back. Then you're
going to rock. You're going to get some
momentum. Huh? Rock back. Rock forward.
Nothing. Okay. Then you start turning
the left. All right. Let's get a little
more traction on the tires by hard left.
Okay. No. Hard right. Okay. No. And then
it's like then you get out and you go
find a 2x4 and you put it under the
tire. And then you go have your son,
hey, push me while I push the hand.
There's like 17 things you need to try
before you get that thing out. And
that's business. Like that's just life.
Absolutely business. Yes. Whereas some
people they turn the thing off and they
go inside and they're like, "I'm done."
You said this about fatherhood, being
scared as a father. Like there are
fathers that get scared or anxious and
they go out for milk and they never come

[29:00]
they go out for milk and they never come
back. Happens a lot. Or they go to the
bar at the at the end of the day every
day before they go home because they
can't face it. Right. I just I don't
understand how you could do that. And
yeah, I always wanted my kids to just
look up to me and think I knew what I'm
doing. I share my success now with them.
We're we have our family chat and I'm
always like, "Check this out. I conjured
this out of words." You know, I love and
and trying to set that example of like,
"Hey, you look how we're so fortunate."
We were talking about it before we
recording. you know, I was on this trip
and you know, we're just so fortunate
that we were we won the genetic roll of
the of the dice based on where we are
and all the support system we have and
the the opportunities in front. So, it's
like you could do anything. You know,
you have all these great skills and
tools and it's mind-blowing to me that
more people don't jump in and try to
figure out a way to change things. And
but there's that phr, you know, most
people live lives of quiet desperation,
right? And it just doesn't have to be
that way. You can define success any way

[30:00]
that way. You can define success any way
any way you want. I I was you I'm very
clear on that because the way I define
it's certainly different than the way
you define it. I couldn't do what you
do. I couldn't be on the you know, hey,
I couldn't do it, you know. So, we're
all so different and that's beautiful
that we can all do our own thing. And
once you solve for your basic needs,
man, then you really start to you should
start to push and try new things and
don't get complacent. Don't watch
Netflix, you know, keep your laptop and
look at stuff and and learn and and keep
challenging yourself. Fill fill yourself
up with new things that because then
that opportunity just starts it is
magic. It it things do start happening
to you. You know, opportunity does start
coming to you as you push and you get
into this opportunity zone if you if you
will because you're just kind of out
there. But if you're on the sidelines,
you're just not going to see it. Well, I
hear people all the time talking about
their imposttor syndrome. Like, I just
struggle with this because of my
imposttor syndrome. And I just like I'm
gonna push back on that whole notion.

[31:01]
gonna push back on that whole notion.
Like, I think an imposttor syndrome is
just insecurity, which is just human
nature, which is just normal. And I
think if if you have imposttor syndrome,
then it means you're trying to do cool
things and you're in the right place,
right? Like, lean into that imposttor
syndrome. Keep faking it. Like same with
delusions of grandeur. I've mentioned
this before. I don't know if I told you
or not, but when I was 22, I didn't get
diagnosed with ADHD until 3 years ago
when I was 35. And it completely changed
my life. Complete 180. The diagnosis
changed your life. The diagnosis and the
and the medication thereafter. It just
like a light switch night and day. I
like everything I accomplished in my 20s
was despite the fact that I had ADHD. I
could have done so much more. I was so
unproductive for majority of the day. I
would have these spurts, you know, and
then no, just doing nothing for hours at
a time. And when I was 22 was really

[32:00]
a time. And when I was 22 was really
when this first started to be a problem
because my wife was pregnant and I'm
about to be a dad. I was 23 when he was
born. But I could not focus in class.
And how does anyone focus in class? Like
we had these computers. I had a
smartphone. Why am I going to listen to
mitochondria when I could be looking at
stocks? Yeah. Or or looking at eBay?
Like, I have all these distractions. And
so, I went to a psychiatrist and I went
through this full panel of testing. At
the end of it, she wrote this big like
six-page report. Her name was uh Dr.
West and she said, "You don't have
ADHD." And I learned later that if
you're ever on campus at like a state
school, the psychiatrists are very very
hesitant to diagnose anyone with ADHD
because they think the kids are going to
just going to go out and sell their
aderall to all the frat guys. You know,
it's like it's a it's a controlled
substance. Literally, it's a stimulant.
And so I was looked at through this
microscope and she's like, "You don't
have ADHD." And it was like six pages.
There's a lot in it, but all I remember

[33:00]
There's a lot in it, but all I remember
was you have delusions of grandeur and
this frustrates the people in your life
because you just have these plans that
they don't think you'll ever be able to
fulfill. And I don't know how she got
that. Complete BS. Yeah. I don't know
who she talked to. Like one of the
greatest gifts you can have in your life
is to have delusions of grandeur. I
know. And I just remember reading that
pulls you forward, right? Yeah. And just
thinking like, okay, chip on shoulder
activated. Yeah. Exactly. And it's like,
you know what? You only you only know
that they were delusions if 80 years
later on your deathbed you never did
anything. Then yeah, they were
delusions, but you can't say they're
delusions looking forward. They could be
plans. Yes. I want to get a shirt made
that just says delusions of grandeur and
then cross out the delusions and just
write plans over it. Yeah. You know,
just plans like
How do you know what I'm going to
accomplish or not? That's crazy. Yeah.
And I think that when I was younger, I
used to talk a lot about, oh, what I'm

[34:01]
used to talk a lot about, oh, what I'm
going to do, how this is going to work.
And it does, you know, it didn't take me
very long to stop that because people do
look at you like, oh, this guy's blow
hard. He doesn't know what he's talking
about and he, you know, so I have
quickly learned to talk more about what
I've done instead of what I'm going to
do. Yeah. And then I learned that not
everybody wanted to hear about my
success. In fact, most people, you know,
and if you cared about me, yes. And my
family and that kind of stuff and
friends, yes, they always, you know, but
even then, so then I started sharing
some of my failures and man, everybody
wanted to hear about that, you know, and
so it brought me to a different level.
You have to be able to I don't know if
you ever seen that movie Zigg. It's a
Allen movie, but you should watch it
because he takes the you have to adapt
to different groups when you're like,
let's say you walk into a room and it's
a banker or a bunch of bankers and
you're at a conference table talking.

[35:00]
you're at a conference table talking.
Well, you have to do speak a certain way
and adjust certainly. But if you walk
into the warehouse and everybody's
hanging out talking about sports, that's
a different you have to adjust yourself
different. Well, in Zelig, he does that,
but he changes his physicality. He gets
fat when he's around these other people
and he does stuff. It's really
interesting movie. I think I got pretty
good at that. I can't stand corporate
like suits and people. I'm really
intimidated by that because that's not
my world. And even though I'm I I think
I'm a lot more successful than those
people and my life is amazing and I've
had lots of flexibility and and
independence. I still am intimidated
because I didn't live that life. I
didn't go that route. But you have to be
able to walk in in a suit and talk to
talk and and that kind of thing. So, I
think that you should have these
delusions that you're going to do all
these things and and try it, but you
can't talk about it out loud too much in
until you've, you know, started to to
oh, I did this and I did that and I I

[36:01]
oh, I did this and I did that and I I
wanted to be in the, you know, heavy
equipment business. I drove a 45 ton
crane down from, you know, the Bay Area
down to Mexico and I did this and you
just kind of drop these little things
and people go, "What?
What? What?" And you let them ask you.
That's a skill, right? If you y can just
have a conversation and have little
comments and if they're interested, they
will ask. It's like tennis. And and I
can always tell like if I'm going to
connect with some someone new because
I'm a question guy. I love asking
questions. What do you do? How does that
work? How do you sell that? What where
do you go? Are you who do you talk to?
Do you ship it out of the country? I'm
just curious. Do you ever get
self-conscious that asking all those
questions, they're going to think that
you're trying to copy their business?
Cuz I do all the time. I ask the same
questions like what are your margins?
And like I know that they know what type
of person I am. Like sometimes I'll tell
them up front like listen I'm not going
to post about this. I'm not I'm just I
want to know. It's awesome. Yeah. I want
to know. I'm curious. Like at the sock
store I want to go up and say how do you
make your money? Clearly it's oh yeah we

[37:00]
make your money? Clearly it's oh yeah we
actually do this and we sell you know
$40,000 worth of socks a month and D and
sometimes people do that. But what I
what I learned is there are people that
then will ask questions back to you and
those are people that I tend to connect
better with. Mhm. And there's people
that never ask you a single question.
And my wife and I always comment about
like, well, you know, we had an
interesting evening and we're not the
new couple or whatever. Not a lot of
back, not a lot of, you know, but a lot
of hey with because that's how you get
the conversation going. What do you do
and how's this and what are your kids?
But it has to go back and forth. It's
like like tennis. I think sometimes
those we don't get questions because
people just can't wrap their mind around
what we do. They're just it's so foreign
to them. Yeah. Yeah. And I I fall into
the same trap. If I'm talking to like an
anesthesiologist, like I'll ask him
questions to a point and then it's like,
I don't know what else to ask you. I
have no clue about your life. That is so
different from mine. I'm more likely to
ask him about like how he laid his sod
in the backyard to look. Yeah, that's
cool, too. You know, I I'm interested in
that, too. I Oh, how did you do this

[38:00]
that, too. I Oh, how did you do this
thing in your car? I'm I'm just curious.
And I think that if you follow your your
curiosity, like when I try to teach
people how to become a reseller, I'm
they don't know what to sell. It's like,
well, what are your interests? Are you a
sports person? Do you like camping? Are
you a cook? Do you like to cook? Great.
Let's go sell Blackstone grills and
let's find out where to buy those. And
oh, you're you love building things?
Let's go find this. And oh, you you're a
tool person. D. Okay, let's build this
or let's go find that. So that's just
such a great place to start is to be
curious about how things work and what I
you know oh I've learned how to do this
and how do I you know how how do I
create something with it and following
that that curiosity is you I was
interested in Apple computers. I mean
that was just it because it made me look
way smarter than I really was. And I was
in the landscaping business, you know, I
owned a landscape construction company.
And when I say owned, I just started it
when I was a kid and in college just got
a little bit more official. And then the

[39:00]
a little bit more official. And then the
Mac allowed me to charge a lot more
because it made me look like I knew what
I was doing. And I was I didn't know
what I was doing. I still don't know
what I'm doing. I'm just kind of
figuring it out. But then I was like,
well, this is really cool. Could I make
money doing this on, you know, with this
thing? And then you just investigate it.
And uh that's what I encourage people to
do. It's not a side hustle. I don't like
that term at all. I think that's too
chaotic and not, you know, I like I use
the term revenue stream, you know, and
you create a revenue stream with
something you're curious whether it's
whether it's 500 whether it's $100 a
month, $500 a month, or $50,000 a month,
you know, and you got to be careful
because you can ruin things you love by
monetizing them. the system you're
trying to develop is using the curiosity
to get you involved and then getting
into other things too. Like, oh, I I'
I've learned this system. I could do
this. I've learned how to use Facebook
Marketplace. I learned how to use eBay.
I've learned how to sell this. What else
could I sell? Or or what else could I
talk about? Maybe it's content. Maybe it
isn't selling. You know, would you say

[40:01]
isn't selling. You know, would you say
you have a pretty strong bias for
action? Like if you have a question
about something, you're curious about
something. I mean, that's maybe a dumb
question. No, absolutely. How long does
it take you? Like, let's say you've got
some time at the computer. You're doing
your normal stuff. You're clearing your
inbox or whatever, and then you I'm just
going to completely make this up. You
say, "Huh, Nvidia just released this new
model, this new AI model. I bet that all
of these old GPUs are becoming outdated.
There's probably going to be a lot
hitting the market. I should probably
see what they're priced today versus
what they were priced before that
announcement. I'm just making this up,
right?" Yeah, absolutely. Will you look
that up right then or is it like does it
go on a to-do list or I wish I'm not
very good with to-do lists. I I use this
I call it a toid list. I like to make it
at the end of the day so I could write
down what I got done. Otherwise, because
I often go in the house at night, you
know, for dinner, I'm like, man, I
didn't get anything done. But then I'll
start talking to my wife and I was like,
oh yeah, wait, I did. I did. So, I

[41:01]
oh yeah, wait, I did. I did. So, I
created this concept that helps me relax
a little bit and I it's called the toid
list. So, at the end of the day, I'm
like, "Oh, I got this and I did that and
I did that and I did that." Now, there's
AI that helps you. You know, the dongle
you you wear the pendant. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. The pendant. The Limitless. Is it
Limitless? Yeah. So, you can do it on
your if you're on a if you're in a
computer-based business, the Limitless
will make your to-do list for you and
you're like, "Oh, wow. I did get a lot
done. I can go relax for a couple
hours." I do jump into things quickly.
Sometimes it's good. Sometimes it kills
my productivity. I have a hard time
getting into
deep work, you know, because I'm hopping
around everywhere. But like I I just
read an article that the because you
know our our air traffic controls
systems kind of screwed up in the
country and I read it's like oh they're
buying I read an article says they're
buying components from eBay because they
have to buy these old systems and I
immediately like well what are they
buying and how do I find that buyer?
Who's the So, I'm I'm searching to find
the the FAA's eBay account so I can go
see what they're buying so I can go
source it and sell it because that's

[42:02]
source it and sell it because that's
where the money's at, you know, in
selling obscure things and not competing
with other people. You know, I don't
want to sell I, you know, I can't sell
iPhones anymore because there's no
margin in it, but I want to sell five
and a half inch floppy discs for an FAA
machine that they need to keep going.
There's good money in that. So, if you
have a question like that, you try to
answer it immediately. Is that accurate?
Yeah. I have this thing called a
quartet. It's a whiteboard that goes in
between your computer, your monitor, and
your keyboard. And it looks like a
keyboard, right? It's like this kind of
thing. And I write down on it as I'm
I'll come up and go, "Oh, I got to look
at" and I'll just kind of write it down
to set a reminder for me if I don't have
time to do it. But but yeah, I I jump
into it and I try to keep I use the
Apple Notes app. Like that's like my
second brain. I mean, I I live in it.
and the Apple reminders. If I'm thinking
of something, I'll just hit it and say,
"Remind me at 3 p.m. to look this up."
Blah, blah, blah. You know, that kind of
thing. That helps me a lot. Did you see
my tweet about the pickleball court that
I'm opening? Oh, yeah. You did the

[43:00]
I'm opening? Oh, yeah. You did the
Facebook. Yeah. Yeah. I have this metal
shop and I'm I'm going to put a
pickleball court in there and make it
like a private club. 100 bucks a month
at the point like right now there's a
septic guy back there looking at my
septic system to see that I could add a
bathroom as I speak. And so I'm going
through these steps, but I'm breaking my
own rule. Like I'm going to have to pay
the septic guy $39 for coming out and
giving a quote. And what is my rule?
Like before I spend any money, I got to
validate that there's demand for this
thing. And so I did post to Facebook
Marketplace and that's what I tweeted
about. And I got a couple messages, but
it's only been a day. And so last night,
I was like, "Okay, I need to put
Facebook ads up to see if there's any
demand for this." So, I had to get in my
car and drive back to the shop because I
wanted to take a video with the shop in
the background. Yeah. So, I took a few
videos and then I was like, "Ah, these
really need to be edited, but my editor
is asleep right now." And I was like,
"Screw that." Like, that's just
friction. And so, I come back to my
computer, I edit it myself, and I create
a Facebook ad campaign. It took about 10

[44:00]
a Facebook ad campaign. It took about 10
minutes. And by the time I went to bed,
I had three leads from people that lived
within a six mile radius cuz I looked at
the cities in my area. And seven was
kind of too far. Five was too narrow. So
six milei radius. So these are people
that are interested in pickle ball that
live six miles from this facility at a
max. And I had three two or three
interested leads. And I paid $1.78 for
each of them. Yeah. It's awesome. Like
$6 30 minutes of time. And now if I
extrapolate that out, it's like wow.
Like I could stop right now and feel
really confident because if my cost per
lead goes up to $10, $20 and my close
rate is 5%. Like in no world does this
not financially make sense to launch.
Now I'm going to keep them going. I want
to learn more. Like how many times you
want to play a week? Do you live right
next door? Do you live 10 minutes away?
Maybe you don't actually live in the
area and Facebook glitched out. I love
that. And I think that I always say, you
know, you need to buy with math and sell
with emotion, right? And that's exactly
what that is. It's a good sound. Yeah,

[45:01]
what that is. It's a good sound. Yeah,
you are. You're using math to make your
decisions, but then you're going to do
your video and you're going to show this
facility and somebody's going to make an
emotional decision of like, "Oh, wow. I
want my own private pickle ball club
because that's I have my I go to my own
private." And they want to play, but
they also want to talk about it. They
also want to say, "Well, I go to the TKO
private pickle ball, you know, place.
That's a good story." So, you know, you
should always, you know, buy with math,
sell with emotion. If you do that, oh, I
like that. But people flip it, right?
They buy like I'm in the auction
business. They like look at this. Oh, I
I gotta have it. I got to have it. And
they like I always tell them, look, all
these auctions are all automated now,
right? You just put your high bid in and
walk away. Don't sit there and go, "Oh,
oh, no. I'm going to I'm just another
hundred, just no, because that's
emotion. If your spreadsheet tells you
you can pay $3,500 for that pallet of
stuff, you put your 3500 bucks in and
leave and or maybe do 3505 or some some
kind of odd number and walk away because

[46:01]
kind of odd number and walk away because
you let the software bid for you that
way. It's all math. It's no emotion. But
it's hard to teach people to do that.
And I see it over and over again. Oh, I
bought this deal. I paid a little too
much. It's like, well, how how did you
pay too much? Because you didn't follow
the rule. Now, in the auction business,
you'll lose maybe 80%. Right? But that
20% you do win, that's your money.
That's so good. Yeah. Like I'm having a
big unlock here in the last 10 minutes
of talking to you because I'm trying to
write a book called Bias for Action. And
it's kind of embarrassing because I have
a bunch of it written, but I haven't yet
figured out how to teach people how to
develop a bias for action. Like that's
which is just that's so meta, right?
Like my bias for action caused me to
start writing the book and I don't even
know how to implant that bias for action
in others. I'm just like telling stories
at point. Yeah, that's what you really
should write is a biography, right?
That's more valuable than a business
than a business book. It's you. This is
my life. My life is a bias to action.
That's your life. I think that people

[47:00]
That's your life. I think that people
are going to be like, "Okay, cool. Cool
story, bro. How can I do that? I want to
do that." Yeah. But you do teach that.
You'll be like, "Oh, okay." When I just
like you just talked about the pickle
ball thing. You just tell that. Hey,
look. This is what I did. I wanted to
prove this. I did this. I did that.
That's it. That's the super value right
there. We want a framework though, you
know, like maybe I'm just being too MBA.
Like when I went to TCU for my NBA, it
was all about frameworks. And we all we
feel good about a framework. We can
check a box. But you're giving them a
playbook. That's more powerful than a
framework. The playbook is here it is.
This is what we want to achieve. We want
to get the ball in that end zone, right?
So the playbook is we do this and we go
here. We do that. We go there. this guy.
Yeah, this is his specialty. You do
this. You find the Facebook person. You
teach, you know, you've got the thing
like, hey, I'll send you this thing, all
your Facebook ads. Well, that should be
in I guarantee you have enough content
for your book right now. I guarantee it.
I guarantee it. You just, you know,
maybe need somebody to help you put it
all together and a good editor. And I

[48:02]
all together and a good editor. And I
think everybody should write a book.
When you have once you get a bestselling
book on Amazon, it's great because then
you can say you're a bestselling author.
I love it was great for me. I wrote a
bestselling book because I tried to
start a software company and failed
miserably and I had all this content. I
was like, "What do I do with this?" I
was like, "Well, I've always wanted to
write a book. I'm gonna figure it out."
I hired a coach. She taught me some
great tips. I got some great software. I
learned I got behind the velvet rope of
the self-publishing world, and I
realized how these really famous
publishers were, I don't want to say
scamming it, but they were they hacked
it. They knew how to become a
best-selling author for everything. And
I'm like, "Oh, okay. This is how it
works." And you know, it's amazing. What
a good story about turning a failure
into a successful revenue stream, right,
dude? Whenever I get that, I just got
it. Uh, I got back from vacation and I
came in, I had two emails from Amazon
saying, "Hey, here's your royalty
payments will be transferred in the next
couple days." Like, "Oh, there's 800
bucks for one and I don't know, 500
bucks for one." It's like owning a

[49:01]
bucks for one." It's like owning a
rental house. Yeah. It is truly passive
income. It's conjuring wealth out of
words. And I love it. I love it. And
everybody can do it because we all have
different lived experiences. James Camp,
I had him on my podcast and he held up
his keyboard like this and he said,
"This is your your key to to wealth. If
you hit these keys in the right order,
in the right way for a long enough
period of time, a long enough period of
time, billions of dollars, trillions of
dollars, you're just sitting here at a
keyboard in the comfort of your home
with air conditioning. hit the right
keys in the right way for a long enough
time and you win. I've been riding on X
for like I guess about a year and a half
and I think I'm a quarter of the way
through my journey here because it's
unlocking all these different things
that I had no idea and I'm doing things
now and it's, you know, it's it's I've
created a business out of it which I
love. It's great and it's a great
rubric. I I I can't help but measure
things that way. But I do feel I'm in

[50:02]
things that way. But I do feel I'm in
parts of it, like I said before when we
first started talking. Parts of it I
love. Other parts I'm just like, "Oh,
this is rough," you know? So, you just
keep adjusting and I I still don't know
where it will lead, but I have met
amazing people like you and all these
other guys that keep me motivated every
single day. And that the value of the
human connections with that keyboard,
it's priceless, man. Absolutely
priceless. So I wonder if
like if the key to building that bias
for action muscle is to as soon as you
have a question any any question you're
curious about something if it can be
done in an hour or less you do it within
the hour like you do it right then right
like right then and even if it like if
it comes at the expense of anything else
and it seems silly like you're at you're
at a dinner party and you have this idea
like even if you have to go sit out in
the car and pull out your phone, you're
building the muscle, right? You're
training, you're rewiring your brain

[51:01]
training, you're rewiring your brain
like we like to talk about and then it
can become more natural and organic and
you'll want to do that. The question I
have for you is if that is a true
principle that we just uncovered here,
how do you build the curiosity muscle?
Because that comes first. How can you
become curious? The one thing I would
add to your your thesis here is that you
need some dopamine feedback, right? You
need a quick reward. Yeah. What is the
reward? And that is crucial for I'm a
dopamine hunter. I I do it all day long.
I'm looking for feedback. Oh, this many
views, this many clicks, got a comment,
Chris liked it. All that stuff right
now, right? So, what reward can you put
in there? You know, if it's if you want
to become a reseller like what I teach,
then I that's why I say you should start
selling stuff in your house, right?
Because you're just it's it's just found
money. So if all of a sudden you oh it
wor I I put on eBay I did what you said
I added a credibility statement I did

[52:00]
I added a credibility statement I did
this I this is and the dopamine is the
cash you get boom I made a hundred bucks
I believe in the power of small numbers
right $100
$500,000 bucks I I believe $1,000 is a
there's a thousand in all of us there's
a $1,000 brain switch and when you can
figure out how to get there that
motivates you that unlocks that
curiosity that you're that you're
talking about. Some people don't have it
and they never will. And that's fine.
And we need massive respect for people
that grind every single day for their
whole lives, UPS drivers, the guys that
want to be police or women that want to
be firefighters or whoever, that's
that's amazing. But if you want a
uncommon life that you've created from
nothing and you want to feel that I
often feel like a magician that you know
you created over and over and over
something out of nothing and that is
super rewarding for me and so everybody
has their own reward system and all this

[53:01]
has their own reward system and all this
stuff but that curiosity coupled with
that dopamine hit that that reward I
think it I think it's powerful. Yeah, I
like the I like the dopamine angle. I'm
just thinking if you had it like a
question about like I wonder if this I
wonder if like let's say you're at a I'm
just going to completely manufacture a
scenario. You're at a dinner party. It's
9:00 p.m. on a Friday night. A lot of
people talking and you talk to a guy who
has a brother that opens a pickle ball
club in Spokane, Washington. And he was
sold out on day one. And you're like,
"Huh? Hey, do you mind? I'll be right
back." Right. Yeah. You run out to the
car. You pull out pickle ball club.
Let's say you live in Fresno,
California. Fresno, California. None.
Okay. Pickleball club Modesto,
California. None. Pickleball club. What?
Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So, in that in
that case, they did the right thing.
They were curious. They answered the
question. What's the dopamine there?
Just learning the answer. Yeah. Um I
think the dopamine there is the
possibility, the Oh, wow. This could be

[54:02]
possibility, the Oh, wow. This could be
and excuse me, I have gone down that
road a million times and be like, "Hey,
we're gonna do this." Like I follow this
guy Snook Snook's Bottom Barbecue. Oh,
yeah. Same, right? I love I love that
guy. And he started behind a a uh a car
wash and Yeah. posted his numbers,
shared it. I was like, "Wow, you can
make that much money on a brisket? I can
cook a hell of a brisket. I'm shopping
for smokers over here." Like, exactly.
I'm not even joking. I'm I know, right?
I'm thinking like I live in this very
kind of upwardly I don't know what you
want to call it. This very expensive
area in California, Northern California.
It's ridiculous here. I don't know
anybody that's running the smoker behind
in some parking lot. And I think there'd
be people we have a couple of barbecue
joints that do and they sell out. You
know, people line up at 8 a.m. and they
sell out by 11 or noon. I'm thinking,
man, how much would it take me to invest
to go because I think that'd be kind of
cool sitting around. So, so that to me
is is a reward in itself. Most of them

[55:01]
is is a reward in itself. Most of them
don't go not well not most of them but
many of them of those ideas don't go
anywhere but I love talking about it.
The crucial part of this cycle we're
thing we're talking about and being
connected with other entrepreneurs and
all this stuff. I can talk about that
with a guy like you and like with my
content cowboy group. I can throw those
ideas out and everybody like, "Yeah,
that's awesome." But I know that there
are certain people I can't talk about,
be like, "What?" Or if I bring up
another idea to my wife about, "Hey, I'm
just going to invest like 50 grand and
get all this stuff," she'd be like,
"What?" You know, this kind of thing.
So, even though she's super supportive,
you still have to be cognizant of people
think you're nuts, you know, in in many
ways. And that's a that's that's a
feature. Well, speaking very tactically,
if you want to be curious about things,
go to Shannon Gene on Twitter and go to
me on Twitter, MHP_GU, and follow all
the people that we follow, like
Snooksbottom BBCQ, because we follow
strategic people in business, and you

[56:01]
strategic people in business, and you
can your feed will be filled with things
that generate questions and make you
want to have a bias for action. Yeah,
that's right. It's great. And I love
talking about this stuff. I know we
didn't have a ton of like numbers and
this is actionable. This was a different
this was a different kind of episode
than we normally do, but I still think
it's equally as important. Shannon Gene
on Twitter. Anywhere else we can find
you. No, that's a great place to start.
And and message me. You got questions or
whatever. Come talk. I I you know, I
have a mastermind. We're going to do,
you know, do a little more stuff with
this mastermind stuff. We're close to
500. Five bucks a month. Five. Yes.
Five. Mastermind. Yeah. We're close to
500 members. Hopefully this week we'll
hit that number. And it's amazing. I
love watching people do incredible
stuff. It's a huge dopamine hit for me
and that's what I'm here for.
That is awesome. Awesome.