[00:00]
I feel like this is the most underrated
things in AI right now. No one's talking
about it. So, there's a guy on Twitter,
pitch deck guy. He goes and he scrapes
SEC filings when people launch a new
fund or anything and he will do cold
outreach to them and say, "Hey,
congratulations. I'd love to make a
pitch deck for you. Here's my
portfolio." What does he charge? 3500
bucks. Nick Manis has an API that could
be fully automated as of today. You're
just like giving value to them right
away. That's genius. Oh my gosh, that's
a great idea. How easy would it be? At
first, I was like, this is just deep
research. No, here's what Perplexity
Labs does. How do we make money on this?
Okay, so I am chalk full of ideas today,
but I have one that's literally 10
minutes old. Like, I just bought the
domain name 10 minutes ago and Replet is
building it literally as I speak cuz I
just can't wait. I'm not going to lie,
Nick, you kind of inspired this idea.
Oh, am I going to be offended by this?
No, no, no, you're not. You're not.
Okay. So
recently on your podcast, Nickonomics,
you've been asking people every day, how
are they using AI? Right. It's true. And

[01:00]
are they using AI? Right. It's true. And
so I've just been thinking of that
question. How are you using AI? How are
you using AI? And it's like I feel like
that's going to become a standard
question over the next decade, right?
Like what do you do for work? What do
you do for work? What like that question
will never get old, but instead it's
going to be not it's going to replace
it, but it's it's going to be that type
of question where it's like, oh, how are
you using AI? Right? Because that is the
hardest part with all of this is just
thinking of how to use it. Like, oh my
gosh, this new feature is amazing. It's
going to change the world. How do I use
it? Or more importantly, where in my
business or where in my life do I apply
this cuz I just don't know. And it's too
much. You don't even know where to
start. You don't even know which
question to ask to get started. Like,
okay, which of these tools do I even use
to get started? I I totally agree. Yeah.
Okay. So, I went to namecheep and I
looked up how do you use aai.com? And it
was not taken. No. No, it was not taken.
So, I bought it and then such a good
name. It's a good name. I'm gonna share
my screen and I I went to Google Trends.
I did this after I bought it to be fair

[02:00]
I did this after I bought it to be fair
and I'm sharing the Google Trends chart
of the phrase, "How do you use AI?" It
peaked like at the local peak was
February, which is interesting. I think
operator, maybe operator came out in
February. That sounds operator. Yep,
that sounds about right. But it's still
climbing. Like, if you're just
listening, it's a it's a good-look
chart. Okay. And so I started thinking,
and this is literally 10 minutes old, so
this is probably a bad idea at this
point, but you'll help me make it a good
one, right? Yeah. Right. And I'm not
thinking of a billion dollar idea right
now. I'm just thinking of a rapper, some
sort of a a website, a gimmicky website,
maybe a newsletter, something. This is
what I have Replet building me right
now. Can I read you the prompt? Yes.
Okay. I want to build a website where
people can merely submit ideas to others
of how they are using AI. This is the
key. But you can only see everyone
else's use cases once you submit your
own use case. And then you can upvote
others ideas of how to use AI after you
submit your own. So it's like you have
to give to the system before you get

[03:00]
to give to the system before you get
back from the system.
You got to give. Did you give? And then
they can subscribe to be notified of all
the top upvoted ways people are using AI
every week. So upvotability. You can't
see anything on the website until and
when you go to the website it's just an
open cursor box just like you see on
replet or chadypt or anything and you
could type in abcd and get something it
doesn't matter right and then once you
type it in you can see a bunch of use
cases you can upvote yada yada yada and
then as like a newsletter play or an
email capture play you could say hey
we'll take the top five most upvoted
ideas and email them to you every week
what do we think I I love it I think
it's an amazing idea it's kind of how I
feel about AI I generally speaking is
it's an idea generator. I'm the guy
who's in a group when we're trying to
figure something out. I'll throw out the
first bad idea because we kind of need
that first bad idea at least to second
through 13th. Maybe all of them. Maybe
every idea bad idea. Maybe every idea
that comes up that's bad in that

[04:00]
that comes up that's bad in that
conversation is they're all from you,
for instance. But when you're
brainstorming, you need somebody to
throw out something first and then you
can make a decision. It's It's kind of
like when you're at home and your wife's
like, "Hey, honey. Do you like the blue
color for this wall or the yellow color
for this wall?" No matter what you say,
she's going to go with the opposite. It
just finally gives her an opportunity to
be like, "Yeah, I don't like that. I'm
going to go the other way." Right. Yeah.
That's kind of how that's how I view AI
is I get like the first iteration from
it and I'm like, "Nah, I don't like
that." And then I start working with it.
So I yeah, I think there's a ton of
demand from people just to hear how
other people are using AI just for an
idea that they can kind of steal and
apply to their life. Or like if you want
her to spend time with you, you say,
"Hey, do you want do you want to spend
time with Raul or myself tonight, your
private tennis coach?" And you always
suggest Raul because then she'll hang
out with you, right? Yeah. I you know,
oddly oddly enough, she she just always
tends to pick Raul. That's really weird.
No matter there's really no correlation

[05:00]
No matter there's really no correlation
to what I say. Yeah. And sometimes she
doesn't even wait for my answer.
It's like she knew what I was thinking.
Okay.
Here's why I like this idea. Again, you
and I don't talk before we do these
things. One of my ideas today is I love
personality quizzes. I know everybody
does because you're like, I want to know
which house of Gryffindor or you know
which house of Hogwarts I would be in.
Am I Gryffindor? Am I Slytherin? and you
do this personality quiz. Like my son,
he wants to know which Marvel character
he is. Like we all want to know what our
personalities are. And I've actually
I've created a few of these. I'm I'm
going to share my screen. So here's how
this works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. Hang with me for a
second. I promise that this is going to
make sense. I interviewed a bunch of
people for my podcast and I was just
like trying to figure out what what do
they do with AI. And so from all of
their answers, I was able to kind of

[06:01]
their answers, I was able to kind of
understand which LLM people use for
which use cases. I went to chatbt and I
was like, "Help me create this quiz
based off of all of this data." And so
it helped me create this quiz. I went
then to lovable and here it is, right?
This is the entrepreneurs guide to LLMs.
Which AI model is right for your
business? And there chatb, there's
claude, there's perplexity, and there's
grock. And the quiz helps you identify
which AI model aligns with your specific
business goals, your ideal AI
implementation strategy, and which AI
tools deliver the highest ROI for your
situation. You know, you start the quiz
and then it just starts asking you
questions. What's your comfort level
with tech, etc., etc. So, I'm not going
to go through the whole thing. It's a
great idea. But to your point, the thing
that AI is really good at right now,
these LLM is taking a ton of data,
filtering it, and kind of regurgitating
it in a way that is concise. It's not
yet good at creating novel ideas, but
it's really good at taking a lot of
information and synthesizing it and
giving it to you. So along the lines of
what you're talking about, I think that
there are tons of opportunities to use

[07:01]
there are tons of opportunities to use
AI to give other people ideas of how to
use AI. This is one example. This will
give you an idea of like, should I go
with Grock, should I go with Chad CPT,
should I go with Google, you know, which
one of those? You go through this quiz,
you answer some questions, and it just
spits out a general, hey, you're not
very tech-savvy, just go chatbt. It's
the best user interface, right? But I
think there's a million sort of niche
implementation or offerings that you can
create around this. How do you know
yourself better? Like, I'll just go
through this really quickly. I'm just
going to click on some of these, blah
blah blah, and I'll show you at the very
end. This is what it looks like. And
again, it's using the LLM.
Of course, I got to have a gating
mechanism. You got to put in your email
if you want to see your score. Boom.
Here's my profile. I'm the client
whisperer.
Yeah, my primary model is clawed. And
then it gives me all the reasons for
that, etc. So your idea, which is like a
community of sharing idea, and in order
to get into it, you've got to give. I
think is freaking brilliant because it
just automatically gets people to

[08:00]
just automatically gets people to
engage. This is another type of idea
playing on that. How do you get AI to
reach into you and your insights and
give you a recommendation of what might
or might not be useful to you? And
obviously, this is one way I've kind of
applied it. That is amazing. How long
did this take you realistically? So,
this was the first time I did it. So, it
took me a couple of hours. If I were to
do it now, probably an hour because what
you have to do is I have to take all the
data, synthesize it, put it in a format
where then I can go to Chacht and say,
"Hey, create the quiz for me." Mhm. And
then chatbt creates the quiz and then I
go to lovable and I go back and forth
blah blah blah and then it it creates
this. So it it's honestly doesn't take
that much intellectual power. It just
kind of takes some time to go through
the steps. I'm sure there's a way I
could even automate it. I just haven't
done it. This is beautiful. So can I
keep building on this? Yeah, please.
Okay. So along this idea, I think
there's a huge opportunity for someone
to step into this space. You've heard of
Dribble. Mhm. Okay. Again, there's
another company, well-found. I was doing

[09:00]
another company, well-found. I was doing
some research. Contra, like these are
niche job boards effectively where
they're only targeting, you know, one
specific skill set. Like dribble is very
specific. These are designers. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I believe is very specific.
It's like angel list job listings or
something like that. So, these are like
VC angel listing startups, but they
found a niche. They're not everything to
everybody. I think by coupling this like
quiz idea with a job board, you could
match
job seekers and job offerers, employers
with each other that's personality based
and not necessarily
skill or background based because many
times you get into a position, it's
like, oh, they just didn't match mesh.
They weren't a cultural fit. And most
companies is my belief, if they're a
cultural fit, you can kind of train them
on the things that you want them to do.
So you could apply this, think to any
niche globally. You could apply this to
any niche. You could build a company
that's just matching people who are
digital designers for painting
companies. Maybe that's too specific,
but I think pretty easily you could

[10:00]
but I think pretty easily you could
build a rapper, you could build a
software platform, etc. That's like
highlevel VC land tech opportunity. But
I think for smaller companies, so for
people like you and I, we could create
our own internal quizzes. You're hiring
people for your content team. I'm hiring
people for my content team. Like a
MyersBriggs for the culture that we want
to see in our companies. Exactly. And we
have so much data about us, right? We
can say like, "Hey, Chachi, create a
quiz that somebody can take that will
mesh with me." A quiz that will prove if
someone is good working for someone
that's very insecure. You know what I'm
saying?
Yeah. Like for that would be for you.
Not like that would be for me. That
would be for me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's asymmetric, right? like I don't
have to pay for the for MyersBrig
access. I don't have to have them log
into a specific website or get
credentials for it. It's like, hey, I
created this rapper. Take this quiz. I
want to see if we're a mesh. And at
least it would give me some insights
into where their strengths and

[11:00]
into where their strengths and
weaknesses are. So, that would be like
an internal thing that pretty much any
company pretty easily could create a
rapper that would do that. Dude, dude,
what are you going to pay a recruiter to
place someone? Like we're talking 30% of
first year salary, 10 to 30%. I mean, it
just depends on the role and the
recruiter. Yeah. $150,000 a year salary,
$10,000 to place someone. Let's say you
set up an automation to message everyone
on LinkedIn that is in HR in hiring. And
you say, "Listen, I match people with HR
departments based on their personality
type or their culture fit, but this is
very unique. I want to know exactly what
your company's culture fit is. would you
mind simply taking this quick quiz and
I'm going to tell you exactly what your
score is and then worst case scenario I
send you some qualified applicants and
then that hiring decision maker they
fill this and it might take 10 20
minutes it's like a type form you don't
know when it ends you've got sunk cost
fallacy you're just answering answering
answering and it's building a p like an
archetype of your company exactly the

[12:01]
archetype of your company exactly the
type of person that you like to hire
right and then it spits out a result
it's like a numerical result or
And then on the other side of that
equation, you you send a similar quiz
that matches it up with job seekers. And
then you can send notifications to the
hiring managers of saying, "Hey, hey,
let's say it's a scale of 1 to 100. Hey,
your perfect score of a perfect
candidate is an 87. Look at these 87s
that we just found that just filled out
the same form, right? Look at these 85
to 88s that we just found." And then you
could match them and place them. Oh,
dude. Okay, I'm going to go on the other
side of it. This could be a massive
differentiator for any company that they
build their own quiz. It's like, hey,
and I don't know, you're better at this
than I am. I don't know how they would
get people to take it, but let's say
they build their own quiz. It's a lead
magnet. People start taking it and then
they're just they're just building in
order to get the quiz results, you've
got to put your email in. So, they're
just building this list where anytime
they have an open position coming up,
they can go to the list and be like,
"Oh, yeah. Shondaanda 857,

[13:01]
"Oh, yeah. Shondaanda 857,
she was a nine in these skill sets.
Let's reach out to her." So let's think
of a company that has a really it's like
they could white label it from us,
right? Like they would use it
internally. Yeah. Or let's use you an as
an example. How many followers do you
have across platforms now? 3 million. 3
million. Let's say that you decided next
week that you're like, "Hey guys, I
built this cool quiz with AI. It only
took me 20 minutes. Check it out." And
it was specifically for this. Like it
was asking questions about potential
employees. For every video that you
post, how many views do you get?
800,000. Okay, 800,000 to to a million
and let's just say 1% of those people.
So 8,000 people to 10,000 people
actually go and fill out the survey.
You've got 10,000 people who filled out
the survey with an email address that
you can go at any time now to query if
you're looking for a position. If you're
like, "Oh, I need an accountant. Oh, I
need a whatever social media manager.
I'm going to go look at this list right
now and see how many of them actually
matched with my company's culture

[14:00]
matched with my company's culture
score." It's a no-brainer, dude.
Think about that for HR department. Even
like big companies, HR departments, they
could easily build this within an HR
department. It's not hard. Yeah. And you
don't even have to include questions
about their skills. It could only be
questions about their personality, you
know, totally. Or their their
preferences. Do you ask any random
questions in your interviews? Yeah. What
are some of them? Like historically
throughout your life, what have you been
like abnormally obsessed with? One
question that I always ask is which one
of these scenarios stresses you out
more? Being dropped into the middle of a
foreign country with no plan, no
itinerary, no idea where you are, or
going to a foreign country and every
minute of every day that you're there is
scheduled out to a tea and you have no
flexibility to do anything outside of
what's scheduled for you. Now, which one
of those would give you more stress? Oh,
this a scheduled one for sure. Yeah,
it's the second one, right? Like, so

[15:00]
it's the second one, right? Like, so
usually if I'm interviewing a marketer,
to be honest, if they're like, "Oh, the
first one would trust me out more." I'm
like, "Yeah, you're not going to be a
good cold caller." Like, if you don't do
good in ambiguity, I'm not. And I know
like there are a lot of other factors
there, but that's one of the questions
that I ask. So, to me, the whole quiz
would be those types of questions. It's
not going to be like, "How would you
rate yourself as a team player?" F
because everybody's going to answer that
question the way that they think the
employer wants to hear it. So video is
cool, but you know what's better? Long
form audio via podcast and my
newsletter. tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales pitch. tkopod.com.
Because if you ask them, do you have a
high tolerance for ambiguity? Absolutely
I do. But you don't really know if
that's true. If that's what you're
really getting at, right? Like right.
Another just quick interview question I
love is kind of it's very similar to
yours. I think I stole this from my
first million, but it's like what was
the last project you spent all night

[16:00]
the last project you spent all night
working on or lost sleep over? Like I
just want to hear what they nerd out
about? Like what are you obsessed with?
That's a really interesting question.
Okay. Can I go next? Yeah. All right.
So, have you played around at all with
Manis's new feature of creating pitch
decks? No. I've read about it, but I
have not played with I feel like this is
the most underrated things in AI right
now. No one's talking about it. Why
aren't we talking about this? I'm going
to share my screen. Well, you're pulling
that up. So, I I've messed with GPT40,
right? And the PDFs and the slide decks
that they can build are incredible, but
you have to build them sequentially, and
you have to build them one at a time.
It's not just going to spit out 10
slides for your slide deck. So, what
you're saying is Manis actually spits
out the whole deck. Holy crap. I'm going
to share my screen. All right. So, this
is Manis. This is my prompt. This is the
whole thing. Make a PowerPoint deck for
me showing the growth of the RV park
industry. Like, no details, nothing.
Okay. And it worked. It worked. It
worked. It worked for 12 minutes and 31

[17:01]
worked. It worked for 12 minutes and 31
seconds and it spit out this 12 slides.
Holy crap. Where did it get that? Hold
on. No. Go back to the first picture.
Dude, I could be wrong. Have you used
this picture before in an RV deck? It
looks really familiar. It looks like one
that I have used, but I don't think I've
used this exact one. Okay, but I mean,
look at this. Oh my. North American
market growth RV ownership. This looks
like the deck that I use for the same
purpose.
Now, does Manis do you have this deck in
Manis? Like, is it pulling from stuff
you've already created or is this No,
totally. You asked it about RV park
stuff. Yeah, I didn't teach it anything.
Isn't that crazy? So, when I use chat
GPT, it spits it out as a PDF. It's
uneditable. Is this editable? It's spit
it out as a PPT, as a PowerPoint.
Really? Yeah. Holy crap, man. So, side
quest here. How much are you using Manis
right now? Not that much. I just started

[18:00]
right now? Not that much. I just started
playing around with it when this new
feature came out. I was using it a month
or two ago, but I I just moved on. What
were you using it for a month or two
ago? It's like agentic like features. It
kind of acts like operator, but it
wasn't as good in my experience. And so
when I didn't like that output, I just I
went back to CHPT. What are people using
Mantis for right now? Manis.
Yeah, that's what I said.
I think they're using it for this a lot.
I don't know. It's a Chinese-owned
company and so kind of TBD on what's
happening with our data here, but we'll
see. I think it'll work out, but we'll
see. How big is the pitch deck industry?
It's multi-billions. The corporate world
is built on pitch. Pitch decks. Yeah.
Yeah. This it's the modern idea conveyor
that we use. Yeah. So, there's a guy on
Twitter. I think he's the pitch deck
guy. And his whole business, this is it.
He goes and he scrapes like the filings,

[19:02]
He goes and he scrapes like the filings,
SEC filings, when people launch a new
fund or anything, you know, people that
are about to need a really nice pitch
deck. and he will do cold outreach to
them in the right time, the right
moment, and say, "Hey, I saw you
launched a fund for buying single family
homes. Congratulations. I'd love to make
a pitch deck for you. Here's my
portfolio." What does he charge? 3500
bucks. Love it. And they look really
good. They're really good. So,
Nick, Mannis has an API.
Who's stopping you or anyone from
building an agent or an app or anything?
Uh, it could be just an automation with
with Gumloop or Lindy or Zapier that
scrapes all those SEC filings, the funds
that are launched, permissionlessly
goes to Manis through the API and says,
"Here's all the information for this
fund. I want you to make a really
good-look pitch deck according to these
pitch decks. I wanted to have this
design and send it back to me." Boom.
You get it. Then you go to Apollo or any
other feature that finds people's

[20:01]
other feature that finds people's
contact information and you cold email
the pitch deck to them with watermarks
that says, "Hey, congratulations on the
fund. I made you a pitch deck. Would you
like to buy this? Here's the first five
slides." That could be fully automated
as of today. Okay. So, there's the pitch
deck guy and then there's Matthew Gore.
I had him on my podcast. He's the pitch
deck cowboy. He has a like that's his
business is he built pitch decks for
people. Yeah. Funny story really
quickly. I was on my way to Bogus Basin
in Boise, Idaho. I'm buying a freaking
burrito at this random place. Order it.
I'm picking it up. And this guy next to
me goes, "Are you on Twitter?" And I was
like, "Uh, why yes I am." He's like,
"Are you co-founders Nick?" I'm like,
"Yeah, yeah." He's like, "I'm the pitch
deck guy." I was like, "Wait, what?"
He's like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm the
pitch deck guy. I live in Dallas, but I
I'm actually from Boise." So, just like
Yeah. randomly on my way up the hill, I
met him, which was which was crazy.
Yeah. Totally random. I think that the
ability to convey a story is like so
valuable that most people think of pitch

[21:01]
valuable that most people think of pitch
decks as like oh a major presentation or
I'm trying to raise money or it's like
something super serious. I think just
the ability of pitch decks to convey any
idea is so valuable that yes there's the
SEC filings but you could
permissionlessly
offer this as a marketing agency as a
way to get clients. You're like, "Hey,
Ethan Driscoll, this would be a perfect
like cold outreach for him just to
permissionlessly have Manis take all of
his ideas, put them into a slide deck by
scraping whatever the list is that he's
created off the internet and just
generate business that way." Yeah, I I
love your idea. I also think there's a
bunch of different applications you
could use for for cold outreach. Dude,
two more ideas. You heard of
slideshare.net? No. They get it's either
five or 10 million visits a month. What
the freak? It's just a website for
uploading your slides, your decks to
like to be hosted, to be viewed, right?
So, if you go to slideshare.net, you can
see like Netflix's famous 125 slide
presentation on culture there. And then

[22:00]
presentation on culture there. And then
you can also see, you know, Econ 101
from Alabama Community College, some
student group, they uploaded there so
they could present it in class. And like
it has three views. Hundreds if not
thousands of slides are uploaded to
slideshow.net that every single day.
This company sold to LinkedIn in 2012
for 112 million and then they sold from
LinkedIn to Scribed for I don't know how
much. It wasn't disclosed. So, this is a
big business. It's a 9 figureure
business. Why not like do the same thing
with that? Like create a permissionless
thing that anytime a new slide is
uploaded to Slides Share, you revamp it,
you redesign it. So instead of making
one from scratch for the SEC filings,
you're just redesigning them, sending
them back to the original creator and
saying, "Hey, you may like this better,
you may not. If you do, buy it for 20
bucks, 200 bucks, whatever, and automate
it and automate it." Or, you know,
teachers paying teachers, teachers pay
teachers.com. It's a place for teachers
to sell the layered lesson plans. You
could go on there. It's such a good

[23:01]
could go on there. It's such a good
name. Hey, teachers paying Teachers.com.
What do they do? Well, they pay
teachers.
You could go on there and like DM, mass
DM all the teachers that are selling
lesson plans and say, "Hey, why don't
you sell a pitch deck alongside the
lesson plan?" Like a lesson plan is
great, but you'll probably sell even
more if you have a pitch deck version.
I'll convert that for you for 20 bucks.
What are we doing? Or anything with a
lesson plan. People who teach church,
like we'll say we have a lesson plan for
Sunday. What do we typically do? We're
like, uh, maybe we have something on our
iPad, whatever. We could just easily
upload an outline and be like, "Hey,
create a PowerPoint presentation based
off of this." Mhm. What are we talking
about right now, dude? What are we
doing? What are we doing? Why are we
even talking right now? We need to be
grinding, building. My gosh, we're
wasting our Maria, close the rest of my
day.
I don't know who Maria is.
Oh, can I build off this for a second,
please? All right. So, it's not easy,
but what you and I are talking and we're

[24:01]
but what you and I are talking and we're
like, "Oh, dude, why wouldn't we do
this? All we have to do go to Chachi,
enter this prompt, blah blah blah, and
then it automates here and all of a
sudden we've got a product." I still
think for many people the prompt is like
the hardest thing for them to get past.
Like, to think creatively enough in
order to get the prompt to give you the
output that you want is incredibly hard.
And I found something this week that I
want to share with you. It's going to be
stupid simple and you're going to make
fun of me, but I think has one of the
best pieces of advice I've ever gotten
when it comes to prompting. Are you
ready for it? Yep. All right. Here we
go. All right. So, you've probably seen
this. This was a Reddit post and this
guy's talking about how he uses the LLM
to generate prompts for him. So, in the
example that you just gave where you're
sitting there and you're like, I want
Mannis to create me a slide deck based
on this information, but like how do I
even give it the specific information
that I want in order for it to create
the slide deck? He's essentially
teaching you how to create the prompt by
using the LLM to create the prompt. So,

[25:00]
using the LLM to create the prompt. So,
the first thing that he does is he tells
the LLM, generate a detailed prompt
engineering guide. The audience is,
let's say, graphic designers. So, you
can fill in the role there. and the role
might look like book author, software
developers, customer support, whatever.
And then he pastes in five examples of
how I want my prompt to work. So what
he's doing there is he's giving it
context to draw on. He's helping the LLM
understand what exactly he's looking for
by providing it with five examples of
products that he really likes. You got
to give it more context. No matter what,
got to give it more context. All right.
And now this is probably the best advice
I've ever read. This next one, I then
instruct it to quote, "Generate a prompt
that could have generated the examples
outputs and include a better set of
examples." Dude, that blew my mind when
I read it. So, so he's sitting there and
he's like, "Hey, hey, this is who you
are. You're a graphic designer. Here are
five outputs that I really, really like.
Now, I want you to to reverse engineer
it and think of what the prompt would be

[26:00]
it and think of what the prompt would be
that would create the outputs that
you're currently seeing. M. So, it's
getting the LLM to think about, okay,
what are all the different elements
within the examples that are given to me
that I need to get to in order for this
prompt to generate something similar to
what I'm seeing? Mhm. What do you think
of that? That's genius. Like, I want to
hang up right now and test this.
Have you read this before? I feel like
this is something that you seen this.
Mhm. It blew my mind because it's like
so simple and yet it's going to be so
impact. I've already started using it
and the outputs that I'm getting are way
better than I've ever used than I've
ever gotten before. It's pretty
incredible. How long does it take though
to put all this together? Which part?
Like the five examples. Mhm. Yeah.
Obviously, it depends on what you're
trying to build. I've been using it for
content and like podcast ideation. So,
from that perspective, it's it's been
fairly easy because I I kind of know
exactly what I'm looking for and I can
go and find the outputs. If I was

[27:00]
go and find the outputs. If I was
starting a business from scratch, like
we were just talking about the slide
deck generator, I would probably have to
go and find just five slide decks that I
think look really good. I don't know
where I would go and look. So then the
key is to say, "All right, look at these
five slide decks. Give me a prompt that
would produce something that looks like
these five." Yeah. And again, back to
what we were originally talking about,
it may not even give you a good output,
but it'll at least start you down the
road of messing around with this. So
you're going to see the the next steps
actually build on this. So then he goes
to a new chat and he says generate a
detailed prompt evaluation guide. The
audience is graphic designer. So what
it's telling that LLM is basically help
me audit a prompt and give me a guide
that I can use to audit that prompt. He
then takes that what it's created and he
pastes it into the original prompt and
then he tells it generate three improved

[28:00]
then he tells it generate three improved
alternative prompts based on this based
on the evaluation of the prompt and then
he picks the best one. So effectively
what he's doing is he's like getting the
LLMs to massage it to a point where he
likes it and it makes sense. Now there
were some comments on this that I
thought were hilarious. one guy who was
like I honestly thought of that guy who
you love on Instagram who's always
making fun of the business gurus and the
the quote was like and then what I do is
I write a prompt that asks it to
evaluate the prompting that I wrote in
order to evaluate the prompt that
evaluates prompts it was like wait what
the freak so it does get pretty meta
here but you're using the LLM to
leverage your time and get you to a
place where you can actually create
these prompts really quickly I'm so
excited to use this This is perfect. I
know. It's pretty cool, right? Yeah.
I've heard about asking the LLM what to
ask it like, "All right, all right.
Here's what I want. Here's what I'm
looking for. I want to make a a
delicious tomato salad. What should be
the prompt I give you to give me the
best output possible?" That's like level

[29:01]
best output possible?" That's like level
one. And this is like level seven of
that. There are two things that I can
remember that have been like, "Oh,
that's genius." And always have stuck
with me when it comes to AI. One of them
you gave me which was remember this.
When you're working on a thread and it
tells you something or it spits
something out and you're like hey
remember this makes a mental note. The
other one is this. It's like okay I like
this graphic design or I like this ad
copy. What's a prompt that you would
have written in order to get this
output?
Like that to me is genius because you
are reverse engineering and that's
that's effectively what we're trying to
do anyways when we see stuff that we're
trying to copy. Oh that's
gold Jerry.
All right. What do you know about
Perplexity Labs? I know a lot, but
assume I know nothing. Okay, cool. Cool.
Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I
know a lot, but I know our audience
doesn't. Yep. Yep. So, I didn't know
much about it until earlier. I I've been
playing with it quite a bit. You do have
to have the $20 a month Perplexity plan,
but at first I was like, "Oh, this is
just deep research." Like, Perplexity

[30:00]
just deep research." Like, Perplexity
already had deep research. It was fine.
This is just more deep research. No, no,
no. So here's how perplexity is
different from deep research. So let's
say I want to know the like the market
landscape of all the keto apps out
there. I want to build a keto app and I
want to know how profitable are the ones
that already exist. What's their cost
per acquisition? If they're using
Facebook ads, how many downloads do the
top five keto apps get? I want to know
all this stuff. I'm going to go to deep
research either on Perplexity or on
ChatGpt and give it that prompt. and
it's about 10 minutes later, it's going
to give me thousands of words with like
a really thorough output. Here's what
Perplexity Labs does. I just prompted
this
and uh uh my prompt was build an
interactive chart showing the
correlation between sourdough baking and
RV traveling in a postcoid world.
I don't know why. I just that's all I
can think of. So, it gives you like

[31:00]
can think of. So, it gives you like
multimedia. It gives you the information
you're looking for in different ways. It
will use charts. It will use PDFs that
you can download where appropriate. It's
kind of the difference between having an
intern go do a little research for you
and sending you a memo and then having a
six-figure employee that's like a
researcher going out and spending weeks
aggregating all this data, knowing when
to use a chart, when to use text, when
to use pictures, when to use a PDF.
That's kind of the difference between
perplexity. we're looking at, if you
can't see this right now, is there's an
interactive chart. What's on the X and Y
axis? Sourdough market size in millions
and then time period. Yeah. And then
market size and RV shipments in
thousands. So RV shipments in thousands
is over here. Oh, so I'm assuming that
the red is RV shipments. Yes. So that's
seasonal basically. Uhhuh. Yep.
Interesting. Goes up in the summer. And
so you asked if they were correlated.
Does it say it's correlated? Yep. It's

[32:00]
Does it say it's correlated? Yep. It's
negative. Z4 weak negative correlation
suggests inverse relationship during
certain periods. Interesting, dude. It
gives you the chart so you can visualize
it, but then it actually gives you a
write up. Yeah. Like as And here's a
non-interactive chart showing the same
thing. But these are proprietary charts.
These are not like they went and scraped
the web and found some Yahoo who made
this and posted. It made these. Yeah, it
I think it took just took raw data from
the web and made these itself. And look,
here's a here's a PDF or a CSV I can
download. So, sometimes it gives you a
CSV, PDF, whatever you want. The sources
on everything. H So, how do we use this?
How do we make money on this? Got to
make money on this. Got to figure out
how to make money on this. I mean, to
me, it just goes back to this allows you
to leverage your time even more.
As companies get bigger and they have
more resources, they can throw more
resources at smaller problems. So, this

[33:01]
resources at smaller problems. So, this
would be an example of a smaller
problem. It's like in the past, I'm
growing a company, I need to do all this
research, but you, Chris Kerner, as
you're doing all the market research,
you're kind of like internalizing all of
this stuff, right? You're looking at
different websites, you're reading
different blog posts, whatever. You're
reading different charts. This gets you
all the information that you would have
otherwise gone out and just surfed the
web for quickly in a format that you can
digest. So to me, it would be a business
built around servicing decision makers,
people who who have high leverage
positions that are making decisions all
day. And that's kind of where you get to
as you grow your businesses, dude. Like
look at this prompt result asking about
the keto app market. It's all right
here. all the iOS ratings, the annual
price, how many weekly downloads, weekly
revenue, active users. Like, and it has
37 different sources for this data.
Like, this is crazy. This would be like
if if I got in this ideation frenzy late
at night, as I often do, and wanted to I

[34:00]
at night, as I often do, and wanted to I
really wanted to launch this keto app, I
would stay up all night like just doing
this research that it did for me in 11
minutes. Okay, here's a lead magnet I
think would be really cool. digital
agencies. They could be doing anything.
They could be doing automation. They
could be doing AI implementation within
a company. They could be digital
marketing, graphic design, anything. If
they use this and they generated a
report for every company that's on their
list, cuz every every one of these
businesses has like an ideal customer.
And let's just say your ideal customer
is importers of pastel fabrics. I don't
even know. You generate that report one
time and you email it to them as a lead
magnet to get your foot in the door. So
then it spurs the next conversation
because you're giving them something of
real value where it's like, "Hey, next
year these are the projected, I guess, I
don't even know tastes that are going to
be in the pastel market. I know you make
these decisions every single year around
this time. Hopefully this helps you. The
automation guys at automationlabs.com,
whatever it is, they're going to read

[35:01]
whatever it is, they're going to read
that. They're going to see that. you you
can track whether or not they open it
and then you can easily follow up with
them the next day, next week, whenever.
But it's a really cool lead magnet that
like that's really valuable. We talked
about this before, IBIS World, where I
work, they're charging $2,000 reports.
That's a $2,000 report potentially right
there that you can just use as a lead
magnet now as a lead magnet. Think about
that. Yeah, I know. Like if you're a
consultant, like how big of retainers
could you get by leading with something
like this, dude? Any business that wants
a customer, name a business that's B2B.
HVAC Supply. Cool. HVAC Supply. I'm an
HVAC supply company and I'm looking for
HVAC business owners. Why don't you just
send an industry report for their
specific market to every single HVAC
owner? Hey. Yeah. It pulls in real
estate data. Yeah. It pulls in Yeah.
Yeah. Here's where the growth trends are
of your market overall. Here's the age
of properties in your market. Here's the
I don't know typical home value. Here's
the supply. Whatever. It gives like the

[36:00]
the supply. Whatever. It gives like the
whole entire thing. Thought you might
like this for your market. Hope you
enjoy. Let me know if you have any
questions. You're just like giving value
to them right away. And who are they
going to call the next time? I mean, not
necessarily. Everybody's going to call,
but just in terms of a lead magnet and
building trust with people, that would
be phenomenal in B2B sales. Any B2B
sale. That's a freaking cool idea.
That's a freaking great idea. All right.
What' you think? Please share it with a
friend and we'll see you next time on
the Kerner