[00:00]
Guys, I may have just discovered the
most overlooked business opportunity
hiding on every street in America and
around the world. This is a business
where one guy made over $9,000 in a
single week just by walking around his
neighborhood with some paint and a
shovel. Another entrepreneur turned a
side hustle selling dog shaped mailboxes
on Facebook into a full-fledged
profitable business. And this is a
business that you could literally start
with a hundred bucks and almost no
skills. So, let's break down exactly how
three different individuals started and
grew mailbox install and repair
businesses. We're going to talk about
their specific pricing strategies that
generates 90 plus% gross profit margins
and a simple marketing hack that's
landing HOA contracts worth tens of
thousands of dollars. And if you ever
walked by a leaning, rusty old mailbox
and thought, "Hey, someone needs to fix
that." I'm going to show you how to turn
that thought into money. And yes, right
now I'm sitting in the bed of an Airbnb
in Park City. I don't have all my fancy
recording equipment, but the show must
go on. And my goal with this piece of
content today is to hold your attention

[01:00]
content today is to hold your attention
whether or not you're ever interested in
starting a mailbox install or repair
business because we're going to talk
about some marketing principles that you
could apply to anything.
I don't know what I find so interesting
about this industry, but I have been on
the Google keyword tool, multiple
different subreddits, random articles
about dolphin mailboxes during co and I
just think there's really an untapped
opportunity here. This business is one
of those things where once you start
seeing the world that way, you see
broken mailboxes everywhere. I went on a
walk through a neighborhood just the
other week and I counted 14 mailboxes
that needed fixing. 14. Now, if I were
to knock all 14 of those doors, what do
you think the chance is that I could
close a handful of those jobs? Super
high. Because I know for a fact that
they need that work done. It's a lot
like the guy Sinko that I interviewed
who has the line striping business. He
has an insanely high close rate because
every door he knocks is the owner of a
business that has a parking lot with
faded lines that need to be painted
sometime or another. I like to call this

[02:00]
sometime or another. I like to call this
fishing where you know the fish are. And
neighborhoods like these are all over
America. This is a multiund million
dollar industry that's growing 10% per
year and most people have no idea it
exists. And here's the thing, there's
160 million delivery points in America.
And over time, all of these delivery
points, aka mailboxes, break, they get
rusted, they get ran over, and
homeowners either don't know how to fix
them because how often do you need to
fix one, or they don't have the proper
tools. I love to start tidal wave
businesses, aka businesses that benefit
from having a massive tidal wave or a
tailwind behind them that just makes it
easier to start in the first place. Here
are the title waves in this industry.
Number one, mail theft. It's happening
everywhere. And if you look at these
stats, it's only getting worse. Porch
pirates are a real thing and people want
their mail to be more secured than ever.
Second tailwind, HOAs. HOAs are going
crazy with uniform requirements. New
developments want mailboxes to all look

[03:00]
developments want mailboxes to all look
exactly the same. And one contract could
be worth tens of thousands of dollars.
And the third title wave, curb appeal.
Thanks to HGTV and everyone trying to
compete with the Joneses, we all want a
better looking front yard, better
landscaping, better mailbox. A beautiful
custom mailbox is almost like jewelry
for your house. It's the first thing
people see when they drive by.
E-commerce is exploding. We're spending
more online than we ever have. So, our
mailboxes are getting used more than
they ever have. So, there's real
opportunity here. If you look at the
Google Trends data for mailbox install
up and to the right. And if you look at
the Google keyword planner for the terms
mailbox install and mailbox repair, you
see that mailbox install has high
competition, which isn't great, but
mailbox repair has low competition and
the exact same amount of search volume
as mailbox install. So, it seems that
all the businesses operating in this
space would rather install new mailboxes
than repair them. That's where your
opportunity comes in. Also, I really
like the top of page bids for these
terms. They're only like 90 cents to a

[04:01]
terms. They're only like 90 cents to a
dollar, but for something this high
ticket, that's a pretty good price. I
love going to Reddit to find gold on
weird random niches like these. So, this
post is from the handyman subreddit from
over two years ago, and the original
poster said, "Getting started/mmailboxes
in my area, there seems to be a lot of
mailboxes in bad shape. I feel like
mailbox repair could be a nice little
side gig. How would y'all go about
getting started?" So, what I love about
Reddit is a lot of times the original
post isn't great, but the gold is always
in the comments. Or I should say, if
there's gold, it's going to be in the
comments. Top comment says, "I got three
mailbox jobs by redoing my own and
taking pics. Genius. I talk about doing
this all the time. Do it for yourself
first just to document the process and
to be your own case study." And then he
said, "I just posted in my own
neighborhood Facebook group." Second
comment says, "Dude, I did about seven
or eight last summer and I told my wife
it's such easy money. I thought about
printing a bunch of mailers and stuffing

[05:00]
printing a bunch of mailers and stuffing
them in people's mailboxes around the
neighborhood whose mailboxes looked
rough. She shot me down, but I feel like
that could actually work. And then the
last comment, which was deleted, but we
can still see it for some reason. He
says, "I did an entire neighborhood last
year. I fixed, straightened, and painted
a total of 23 mailbox stands. I charged
9K. I had it done in about a week. I had
to replace two stands completely that
held six mailboxes, too. You can make
really good money." And the crazy thing
is about those 23 mailboxes for 9 grand.
That all came from one Facebook post.
Someone posted, he commented, then the
HOA president called him and he had a
$9,000 job. All right. Now, look at this
freaking guy right here. His name is
David. He's up in Pennsylvania. During
COVID, he got bored and he built a dog
shaped mailbox for himself. He posted
about it in one Facebook group and he
got millions of views. That one post
launched his whole business. Now, he
makes and ships these dogshaped
mailboxes all over the world. So, here's
how this works. I make you free videos.
I actually know what I'm talking about.

[06:00]
I actually know what I'm talking about.
I have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. And the cool thing
about these mailboxes is that David's
not limited to geography. So based on
that and based on what I saw in the
Google keyword tool, I feel like you're
going to have a much harder time being
successful this business if you only
narrow yourself down to new installs in
your own local area. I think if you're
going to do new installs, you have to
sell something unique or catchy and be
able to ship it to anyone in the world.
Otherwise, if you're going to go the
local route, it seems that repairs are
the way to go. And while we're talking
about custom weird mailboxes, I found
this woman in Arizona that makes these
unique contemporary style mailboxes and
she sells them for $300 to $2,300
and ships them all over the world. All
right, let's talk about the margins in
this business. You go to Home Depot, you
buy some concrete, a post, and a
mailbox, some screws. You're going to be
in it for about 100 bucks. Now, from

[07:00]
in it for about 100 bucks. Now, from
what I'm seeing, using deep research,
looking at Thumbtac and all these other
hire a contractor websites, you can
charge between $350 and $550 to install
the thing, and it's going to take about
1 to2 hours of your time. So, after
subtracting the materials, you're
looking between $1 and $200 per hour.
And this is a very standardized service,
which is one thing that I love about it.
If you're just doing standard mailboxes,
you can knock out five or six of those
in a day. And what's stopping you from
leaving a bandit sign right in front of
the mailbox that says something like,
"This brand new mailbox was brought to
you by John's Mailbox Services or what
have you?" I kid you not, I have a
friend that owns a tree trimming
business and they get 100% of their jobs
from bandit signs. The more visual an
outdoor home service, the more effective
bandit signs are. Now, for a brick and
stone or a masonry mailbox, people are
expecting to pay between $800 and
$1,600.
Of course, it's going to take longer.
You have to have more skills, but it's a
more premium option. And some

[08:00]
more premium option. And some
neighborhoods demand that homeowners
have a brick mailbox. And honestly, if
you were to get one of those augers with
a motor on it, you could roll up to a
job site and be out of there in 45
minutes. So, now let's talk about a few
different ways you can approach this
business. I know I talk about this
example a lot, but my friend Daniel has
a pressure washing business and he gets
almost all of his customers with the
rock in the flyer in the bag approach.
He gets a rock, he gets a flyer
advertising his services, he puts it in
a bag, he assembles them all in his
basement with high schoolers and he
drives around to targeted neighborhoods.
These are neighborhoods that he knows
will want his service and throws the
rock on the driveway. I talk about it
all the time, but I just love it so
much. He has a double-digit conversion
rate with these. Why not do that only to
homes that have a mailbox that needs
repaired? How far would 100 flyers go?
The first approach to this business is
the handyman approach. This is dirty.
It's sweaty. It's not easy. You're
hands-on. You're doing it yourself, but
it's a great way to get your foot in the
door. You're going to target aging
neighborhoods. You can look up the age

[09:01]
neighborhoods. You can look up the age
of each neighborhood in your area on
Zillow. You're going to find
neighborhoods that don't have any
mailboxes that need repairs, and then
you're going to find neighborhoods that
seemingly every mailbox needs repairs.
You're going to become known as the guy
that fixes mailboxes. Start with a post
hole digger, couple tools, you're in
business for 1 to 500 bucks. Customer
acquisition, knocking on doors, rocks
and flyers, door hangers, Facebook
marketplace, Facebook groups. Guys, I
know this isn't sexy, right? But neither
is pressure washing. Neither is window
washing, gutter cleaning, whatever. But
everyone's talking about gutter cleaning
and pressure washing and window washing
and roof cleaning. Those are all over
Tik Tok. No one's talking about this.
The reason I'm talking about it is
because all of my indicators are going
wild. That there is way more demand than
supply in this industry. So, I'm trying
to clue you in early. And remember,
business is more about momentum than
anything. It's about getting your first
dollar. It's not about starting a sexy
new app that you can brag about at
Thanksgiving. You got to put your pride
aside for a minute. What's more
miserable? installing a mailbox in two

[10:01]
miserable? installing a mailbox in two
hours and getting 500 bucks or working
in a job you hate for the rest of your
life. And knowing that every single year
that goes by without you quitting makes
it significantly harder to finally quit.
All right, approach number two. This is
going to be like your custom artist
route. This is going to be lower volume
but higher profit. This would be great
for the creative type, someone that
wants to make more unique mailboxes. I
grew up in Florida and I remember there
was a manatee mailbox right on North
Carpenter and that thing stood out.
That's going to be you. You're going to
be the guy that creates, buys, imports
from China, whatever. You don't have to
be creative enough to make all these
designs from scratch. You can buy them
from a third party vendor, but you're
going to be the guy known for the weird,
wacky mailboxes. And HOAs are going to
hate you, but that's awesome. sports
themes, holiday design, family name
engravings, whatever your wild brain can
come up with. These are going to be
people that probably live in nicer
neighborhoods. They shop at Pottery
Barn. They're watching HGTV. They want
to be a little different. Instead of
charging 2 to 400 bucks, you're going to

[11:00]
charging 2 to 400 bucks, you're going to
charge 6 to 900 bucks. Not as many
customers, but higher profit per job.
That's the trade-off that you'll be
making here. But you don't have to be
limited to geography. This could easily
morph into an e-commerce business. It's
funny how a lot of service businesses
accidentally turn into e-commerce
businesses. If you find an amazing
supplier on AliExpress, Alibaba, DHGate,
Teu, wherever that sells these really
random, funky mailboxes for $150,
shipping is $50 in bulk and you're
selling them for 6, $8, $900 just for
the mailbox itself. Put those up on a
Shopify site and start pushing Facebook
ads to them. What do you think the cost
is to point Dallas Cowboys branded
mailbox ads to people that live in the
DFW area? Extremely low. Because your
competition is going to be basically
zero. No one else is pushing Facebook
ads to that market selling that product.
And that's the beauty of Facebook ads is
finding, testing, exploring all these
random little niches and seeing which
one has the lowest CPA cost per
acquisition. What I like about this

[12:01]
acquisition. What I like about this
approach, the second approach, is that
these mailboxes are worthy of pictures,
Instagram worthy. Your standard generic
mailboxes aren't. These are going to get
shared. Oh my gosh, that's so cute.
Where did you get it? John's mailbox
guy, right? You can even use AI image
generation tools to show the homeowners
what these mailboxes would look like in
front of their homes. Your startup costs
might be higher for this business
because if you're making them custom,
you're going to need more materials. or
if you're importing them, you're going
to have to buy them upfront, but
hopefully this increased upfront cost
would be more than offset by the
increased profit. All right, the third
approach to this business would be the
HOA contractor. You're going to be the
guy that only goes through HOAs. You can
go online, you can buy databases of HOA
presidents. You can get their cell phone
number, their address, their email. You
could do outbound like crazy to them.
Sell to one to sell to many. Yes, there
are trade-offs. This is a longer sales
cycle. They're going to be a pain to

[13:00]
cycle. They're going to be a pain to
work with. But let's say your average
homeowner mailbox job is $500 and your
average HOA mailbox job is $5,000. Okay,
10 times more. Is it 10 times harder to
acquire an HOA customer? Maybe it's 12
times harder and it's not worth it.
Maybe it's only five times harder. Well,
if so, then it's worth your while,
right? This is a lot more
relationshipbased business. You're going
to be networking with property managers,
showing up at HOA meetings, working your
way in for the right people in the right
communities. But once you have those
relationships, you're golden. And with
the HOA model, this could be a recurring
revenue stream. You could be maintaining
these mailboxes or swapping out broken
units every year. You're not going to
get that from a homeowner. But the thing
is, of these three options, none of them
will work if nobody knows you exist. So,
let's talk about marketing strategies.
Most people overco complicate marketing
and entrepreneurs waste a lot of time
and money figuring this stuff out. But
the great thing about the mailbox
business is that your customers are
everywhere. Every human being is a

[14:01]
everywhere. Every human being is a
potential customer of yours. Now, that's
true in a lot of businesses. If you sell
a food product, every human being is a
customer. But guess what? There's a lot
of food brands out there. You have a lot
of competition. When was the last time
you went to a dinner party and asked the
guy next to you, "What do you do?" And
he said, "Oh, I fix mailboxes." Never.
That's never happened to anyone, but
it's gonna happen to you. All right.
Hands down, the highest ROI marketing
method that you can employ with this
business is neighborhood Facebook groups
and nextdoor.com. Period. End of story.
It's not even close. There's even third
party tools out there. There's one
called Devi that will monitor Facebook
groups for you and notify you anytime
something is posted that matches a
keyword that you presubmit. Now, Next
Door and Facebook hate these tools, but
who cares? Before and after pictures
sell, sell, sell like crazy. And this is
a perfect opportunity to use them.
Remember that Reddit handyman that got
the $9,000 job? That came from one
Facebook reply. Not his original post,
just a reply to another post that he

[15:01]
just a reply to another post that he
saw. When we talk about posting in
Facebook groups, we're not talking about
you just overtly shilling and selling to
everyone in the group. We're talking
about you kind of lurking in the
shadows, waiting for someone else to
post so you can jump on it as soon as
possible. Almost every neighborhood has
at least one Facebook group, often
multiple. You need to be living in
there. Always lead with value. If you do
want to post your services, spend one to
3 weeks posting just about yourself and
your business and generating
conversation. Get the top contributor
badge after posting four to six times on
Facebook. That way, the Facebook
algorithm favors you and trusts you. And
then only after you've provided value as
a poster do you come in with the salesy
stuff. Post your own work, pictures of
what you've done, stuff you're proud of.
That's not an overt sales tool, but
you're still selling. So, video is cool,
but you know what's better? Long form
audio via podcast and my newsletter,
tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio

[16:00]
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week, stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy salespitch. tkopod.com.
Here's a pro tip for you. You can run
nextdoor ads to specific neighborhoods.
So find those neighborhoods with the
older homes that you know have broken
mailboxes and run nextdoor ads only to
those neighborhoods. That way you're not
wasting money on the new neighborhoods.
You can do the same thing on Facebook.
You're going to spend like 20 to 30
bucks to reach like 2 to 4,000
homeowners in those neighborhoods. I
guarantee you if you test like 10 to 20
marketing angles, you're going to find
one or two that command all of your time
because they work so well. But you're
not going to find those unless you test
everything except drugs. And when we're
talking about any home service or any
local business, Google business profile
is a nonnegotiable.
It is low lift. You'll have your whole
profile set up and optimized in 30
minutes. Put pictures on there, videos,
FAQs, fill out all your hours, and those
will give you free leads for years to
come. And here's another genius tip for

[17:01]
come. And here's another genius tip for
you. Direct mail timing. Not just direct
mail, but direct mail during the perfect
moment, after a big snowstorm, after a
big windstorm. And really, it's the only
two things I could think of. But your
direct mail is going to cost the same
whether it's after a big snowstorm or
not. You can do EDDDM, every door direct
mail, directly through the US Postal
Service. There's a zillion direct mail
providers. For postcards, you can expect
to pay between 30 and050. For letters,
over 50. When you send the direct mail
after these storms, your dollar goes so
much further. And especially use before
and after pictures in your direct mail,
in your postcards. That's a great
opportunity to use them. Take pictures
of every single job. Build a portfolio.
Put them in Google Drive. And of course,
do not neglect the realtors. Here's the
thing about realtors. They're used to
getting sold to. Also, they need good
handymen. When does someone need a
mailbox fixed or freshened up or
repaired or replaced? right before they

[18:01]
repaired or replaced? right before they
go to sell their home. And realtors are
touching multiple homes on any given
basis. Sell to one to sell to many. For
the first year of our tree trimming
business, we were almost exclusively
getting all of our jobs from realtors.
Flyers work, door hangers work, but
remember, do not put flyers in the
mailboxes. I know for this business it
sounds perfect, but that's actually
illegal. You can tape them on the
outside of mailboxes, on the trash cans,
rocks and flyers, door hangers, but not
in the mailboxes. All right, now let's
talk about how you could start this
thing this week. We're going to call
this the opportunity audit. You're going
to go on a walk or a drive around a
bunch of mailboxes and take notes, have
a spreadsheet, and try to get a good
feel for what percentage of the homes in
that neighborhood need repairs. This is
you just learning the industry. What
types of repairs do you see over and
over and over? Are they just leaning?
Are they rusted? Are they faded? Take
note of all that stuff. Try to find at
least 20 opportunities within a 15-inute
drive from you. And please, please write

[19:00]
drive from you. And please, please write
down exact addresses because these are
going to be your first customers. You're
not just doing research. You're going to
sell to these people. And you know what?
If you really want to have a bias for
action, go ahead and just knock on the
door right then. Like, what are you
waiting for? Why come back? You're never
going to be more hyped on this idea than
right then in that moment. So, just go
knock on the door. I wouldn't even buy a
tool until I had my first job. When you
start quoting these jobs, know that the
first jobs you quote, quote less than
what you feel comfortable quoting. I
know that kind of flies in the face of a
lot of other advice you hear out there,
like don't underell yourself. You're not
charging enough. Like, listen, you just
want to get some case studies. You want
to get some fivestar reviews. You want
to get some traction. Traction and
momentum are more important than
anything at this stage, really at any
stage. So, if your costs are 100 bucks,
you want to eventually charge 400 bucks
on average, charge 200, right? you're
still going to make 50 bucks an hour.
Then you can get some pictures, take
some professional videos and pictures
and use that in all of your promotional
materials. Don't worry about getting
your LLC, your domain name, yada yada,

[20:00]
your LLC, your domain name, yada yada,
all that. No, just start driving around
neighborhoods and learning and selling
and talking to people. You might learn
by the end of the afternoon that after
talking to 10 people, all 10 people are
more than happy doing the job themselves
and wouldn't even pay you $100 to do it.
If that's the case, I would abandon
ship. Honestly, I would move on to the
next thing. I would go to my next video
or podcast and say, "Let's experiment
with this one." Now, you could get a
bigger sample size, talk to 20 or 30
people, but if I talk to 10 people that
should be customers, like direct
customers, like you're talking, it's the
equivalent of having a restaurant and 10
starving people walk in and they look at
your menu and say, "Eh, not for me."
That's a problem because those people
are starving. These homeowners are
starving in that, you know, that they
need a new mailbox or a repaired
mailbox. But if for whatever reason in
that area the people just want to do it
themselves or already have a handyman,
then either talk to more people or pivot
to a different idea entirely. The name
of the game here is to get your first
real customer that you didn't already

[21:00]
real customer that you didn't already
know beforehand, not a friend or family
member. That's always the name of the
game. And that is the best feeling in
the world. All right. Now, how do you
scale once this business starts working?
You want to reinvest in better tools.
Start with a post hole digger. Upgrade
to an augur. That's going to enable you
to make more money per job. Another
thing you can do early on is start
thinking of how you can upsell your
customers. Maybe they have a standard
post mailbox, but you upsell them to a
brick mailbox. Maybe you find out that
they also need pressure washing and you
add that as a new service. Now, there's
a caveat there. I would only advise you
to do that if you can't find enough
mailbox repairs or installs in your area
to make a good living out of this. If
you only want this to be a side hustle
and stay a side hustle, that's fine.
Cool. But if you want this to be a six
or seven figure business and you've done
the numbers, you've crunched the numbers
and it doesn't seem like there are
enough homeowners with bad mailboxes in
your area to make a six or seven figure
business, then you're going to have to
add additional service lines and pick
stuff that seems to go in line with the

[22:01]
stuff that seems to go in line with the
homes that you're already working at.
Maybe it's painting. Maybe you're only
working at old homes and a lot of these
homes also need painting, exterior
painting. Add that as a service line.
That's another tip that I'll tell you
about naming your business. Don't pigeon
hole your business with the name. John's
mailbox services. No. John services.
Yes. That way you can always allow
yourself the flexibility of adding new
products and services, but you can still
start in a niche. Like maybe you call
yourself John Services forever and you
become an eight figureure business and
you only do mailboxes the whole time.
Fine, awesome. But you want to have
optionality. I started a business called
Phone Restore. We fixed phones pretty
quickly. iPads became a really big
business for us. But some people were
not coming to us with their iPads
because they thought we only fix phones.
That's where I first learned that
lesson. Another way to scale this is by
geographic expansion. adding second and
third crews, going to cities a few miles
away instead of only your home city.

[23:00]
away instead of only your home city.
Look for partnership opportunities. Go
find a bunch of handymen and say, "Hey,
do you ever do mailbox installs?" "Yes."
"Do you like doing them?" "Eh, okay. How
about you refer them out to me and I'll
pay you for every referral." Or go to
landscapers that are hitting 20 to 30
homes a day and say, "Hey, every time
you see a home that needs a mailbox,
send them to me and I'll give you a
referral fee." I call this piggybacking.
Guys, here's the thing. You can totally
do this. Standard mailboxes need to be
repaired or replaced about every 10
years. There's 160 million mailboxes in
America. That means every year 16
million mailboxes need to be replaced.
Now that's about 5% of the population of
America. Call it 320 million. So take
the population of your local service
area. Let's say you live in a city with
100,000 people. What's 5% of that? 5,000
people. 5,000 mailboxes. That's your
TAM, your total addressable market of
all the mailboxes that you could
potentially fix in your local area if
for some reason you were able to fix all
of them, which will not be the case.
Okay, let's say you're only able to

[24:01]
Okay, let's say you're only able to
capture 5% of that market every year.
What's 5% of 5,000? 250 mailboxes per
year. Let's say you charge 500 bucks
each. That's $125,000.
Okay, so with quick back of the napkin
math, if you're only able to get 5% of
your local market, which I guarantee you
it could be a lot more because you know
who your market is, you have a very rare
opportunity to know exactly who your
potential customers are. Whereas if you
drive by a house that has long grass,
they probably are just about to mow or
they already have a lawnmowing guy. It
doesn't mean that they need a new
lawnmowing guy, but because of the
nature of this business, if they have a
broken mailbox, they need a new mailbox.
No one has a mailbox guy until you come
along. And so, let's say we're toxic
optimist, right? You get 20% of your
local market every year. 20% of 5,000
homes in that 100,000 person area is
1,000 mailboxes times $500 each. That's
$500,000. take out your materials, which

[25:02]
$500,000. take out your materials, which
is about 20%, $400,000 net profit. Now,
granted, you're going to be doing about
two mailboxes per working day. That's
not a big living, but that's not a bad
living. But, of course, everyone can
look at a spreadsheet, crunch a few
numbers, and things look really, really
sexy. In reality, things are hard.
Business is hard. Things are going to
break. You got to have insurance. You're
going to have customers to get mad at
you. You're going to have to redo jobs
for free. But that's just the name of
the game. You have problems in any
business. Just pick your problems. The
fact of the matter is exploding topics,
Google trends, Google keyword tools, and
me using outscraper to scrape how many
companies in Texas specialize in mailbox
repair and a few more indicators that
I'd rather not talk about are all
screaming at me that there is an
opportunity to start this business. So,
go start it. Share this episode with
someone that might want to start it. And
thanks for listening or watching the
Kerner Office.