[00:00]
There's this guy CJ on Axe. He posted a
tweet and said, "And it cost me nine
bucks on Bolt to do this." Then someone
asked him, "How much did you build a
client?" He was like, " $9,000."
Most people still don't know that they
can actually build software without
being a developer. You can literally go
from not even having a website to
accepting payments in like 5 or 10
minutes. Whatever software tool you use,
replicate that in bolt. Worst case, you
save money for yourself. Best case, you
resell that to others. People will pay
so much money for a dashboard. Go start
a dang dashboard agency. What are some
prompting best practices? Show us how
the average user with no technical
knowledge can go from nothing to
something on Bolt.
This is the greatest time for
entrepreneurs to be alive in the history
of the world. Why? Because if you're
marketing or business heavy, you
probably don't know how to code. But now
you don't need to know how to code.
There are apps like Cursor, Replet,
Lovable, Windsurf, Verscell, so many
that are just vibe coding apps. use
natural language, build a website, build

[01:00]
natural language, build a website, build
an app. I am having the best time of my
life. And so, I'm on a mission to
interview the founders of all of these
businesses because I want to know from
all of them what makes theirs different
or unique, and most importantly, how are
their users using their app to make
money and to save time? What are the
common use cases? Building an agency on
top of it, building apps on top of it
for others, and what are the fringe
weird use cases that people can learn
from? So, today I had the founder of
Bolt.newon, new on. His name is Eric
Simons and he opened the curtain on how
people are using Bolt to build big
businesses. They went from zero to $20
million in annual recurring revenue in
their first two months because people
like me are building really cool things
on top of it. They didn't pay me to do
this interview. I just think it's a cool
app and it's one I use on a daily basis.
Hopefully, you can learn a lot from it.
Please share with a friend. Okay. Well,
Eric, why don't you just start by
telling us who you are and what you do.
Hey, awesome. I'm Eric. I'm the
co-founder and CEO of Bolt.new. new,
which is the fastest way to take an idea
and turn it into a real web or mobile

[02:01]
and turn it into a real web or mobile
application. Okay. And what makes Bolt
new different from you know other
competitors out there? Totally. Yeah. I
think with Bolt some things only focus
on like web apps and so we kind of do
web and mobile and generally it's
insanely fast to get up and running with
something that you know looks you know
not just like basic but really stunning
as far as your website or your mobile
app. But you know really importantly
like we really focus on the endto-end
experience of like actually like
building businesses online and that's
not just like you know a basic
storefront but having like if you want
to build a SAS application or like a new
AI application having payments built in
and be able to actually use different
APIs and that sort of thing. Yeah. All
that is like integrated into this AI
agent we've made. Yeah. It feels like a
lot of the other bolts of the world are
like they're really cool party tricks
and they're really cool for getting an
MVP out there. something that looks
flashy, but there's not a lot under the
hood either when it comes to design or
functionality or accepting payments as
you say. Yeah, exactly. And you might be

[03:00]
you say. Yeah, exactly. And you might be
able to do it, but it takes a lot of
like of manual work to go and add those
things in, right? So, you're kind of
back at square one then where it's like,
well, you're kind of spending maybe as
much time then as you would if you had
started in an IDE on your computer.
Whereas like with Bold it's you can
literally go we can you know we could do
you know a demo of this but you can
literally go from not even having a
website to accepting payments on your
app in like five or 10 minutes and you
know like and actually building a real
application like a course selling
website or whatever have you know. Okay
and that's crazy that's never existed
before in history to be able to create
custom software that you can actually
sell like that. What do you think that
means for the startup ecosystem? Like
that it's so easy, so frictionless, so
affordable. Like to zoom out a little
bit, what does that mean for all these
new startups out there? It's an amazing
thing, right? Because the thing that's
always been really difficult about
entrepreneurship is that, you know, the
best entrepreneurs tend to be the ones
that have spent a lot of years building
companies. And it's largely because, you

[04:01]
companies. And it's largely because, you
know, you can't really go and take
classes on how to do business. I mean
you can but like but you don't really
learn a lot of practical skills on how
to actually go and build products and
sell products and you everything that
goes into starting a startup and by you
know being able to like go and take
ideas and launch them into reality and
get immediate feedback that shortens the
cycle right of you actually being able
to try and build a business and really
accelerates the learning process for
entrepreneurs. If you have to choose a
single metric like what's going to
determine if an entrepreneur is going to
be successful in starting a company it's
really just a it's a numbers game you
know if you it's how many hits at bat do
you get on like building a product
getting feedback iterating on it etc. In
my view, like this is the tool that my
co-founder and I wish we'd had since he
and I were 13 learning how to code
together through all the things we build
over the past two decades because it's
that, you know, you want to just be able
to go and launch things, get feedback as
fast as possible and iterate and adapt.
So, I think we're it's just an explosion
of new things that would have never

[05:00]
of new things that would have never
existed before. But I think we're going
to see crops of entrepreneurs that that,
you know, are able to be successful far
faster and and often in many cases where
they may not have been able to, you
know, afford to just keep taking swings
on products. On a scale of 1 to 10, how
technical would you say you are? I'm
reasonably technical. Yeah. I don't
know, like eight or nine or something
like that. So, you have like a software
engineering background. I do. Yeah. I
never went to college actually but back
so my co-founder and I he and I grew up
down the street from each other in a
suburb of Chicago and when we were 13 we
you learn how to web build web apps
together and we've been building you
know startups and and whatever have you
ever since and he and I have just been
best friends for the past 20 years when
we went to graduate from high school you
know we were looking at going to college
and it was going to be like 100 grand
instate for four years and we're like
this doesn't make any sense like we're
already making we can build stuff what
are we doing yeah we were already making
like 50 bucks an hour doing website
contracting work or whatever And you
know, when you're like 18, that's like
meaningful.
Yeah. Exactly. And so, so here's how

[06:00]
Yeah. Exactly. And so, so here's how
this works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about. I
have no greasy sales pitch at the end.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. And this it was
very unpopular back in like 2010, but I
think it's like the world's kind of come
around to the idea that okay, actually
maybe forcing everyone to go to college
and be in six figures of debt isn't the
best idea for mo for everyone at least,
right? So I applaud you. 2010 is when I
was in college and I've always been
entrepreneurial. I didn't have to go to
college, but I just had this nagging
insecurity and maybe a nagging like
future dad. I had my first kid in 2010
where it's like h this is like a form of
insurance. It's a good thing to do. I've
got two college degrees. I've never used
either one of them. I feel like AI is
taking away all of my excuses, like my
macro excuses, cuz when I was in high
school to, you know, early 2000s, I used
to say, "Oh, why wasn't I born 5 10
years earlier? I could have been in
the.com boom. I would have moved out to
San Francisco." And then crypto comes
around and it's like, I didn't buy

[07:01]
around and it's like, I didn't buy
Bitcoin till 2016, which seems early
today, but seemed very late then. It's
like, oh, what why wasn't I in the right
message board? I could have bought
Bitcoin at 5 cents, you know? And now
with AI, it's like, "Okay, Chris,
where's your excuse? You're on the
cutting edge of this. You're on Twitter.
You see like when a new model or a new
app comes out, you're right there using
it. You have no excuse." And the other
excuse I used to tell myself is I'm not
technical. I can't code. If I could
code, I would be, you know, that's my
Achilles heel. If I could do that and
market, you know, if I could be the
marketer and the coder, I could build
whatever I want. And now it's like I
can't. For the last like six months,
I've been in these vibe coding apps all
day. And it is so much more wonderful
than I ever imagined. I'm just loving
it. I have an idea and I just build it
instead of like going to my
brother-in-law who's really good at
coding like, "Hey, can you blow? I'm
kind of busy. Like I can just do it
myself." It's amazing. Yeah, it's huge.
And like and it's truly like it's the
tool that my co-founder and I wish we'd
had because like I learned how to code.
It was somewhat intrinsically
interesting to like learn about
programming, but it to me it was always

[08:00]
programming, but it to me it was always
a means to an end. Like I just wanted to
build stuff. I wanted to build products.
I wanted to build businesses. And you
know if you're going to if you're going
to build digital based products like you
have to you know building software is at
least was a required part of that or
knowing how to you know so I look at
today and you know some people have this
opinion of oh well you know people
should still learn how to code like it's
you know and not I'm not saying you
shouldn't by the way but people there's
kind of this oh but we're losing
something like we also don't speak Latin
anymore right I mean like things things
change like the floor of complexity will
kind of go away and meaningfully drop
the bar on what it takes to go and build
and do things. I think that's a good
thing. And and anyone that says software
engineers are going away, period, like
that's just it's just not true. Like
it's what's going to happen is you just
have developers and this is happening
already. Developers are just focusing on
higher value tasks than just like going
and changing basic syntax for styles or
whatever. And so they're just being way
more effective at their job and they are
working on things that are very

[09:00]
working on things that are very
complicated that AI models are not well
suited for. And so it's, you know, maybe
a good analogy is like modern industrial
man manufacturing. It's like there there
are still maybe some people that say
everything should be handmade. Every car
should be handmade. Like I guess
Rolls-Royce still exists. They still do
that. But it's like this niche market,
right? Right. They're expensive. They
break down a lot. Right. You know, in
fact, it actually turns out having these
great, you know, automated manufacturing
processes overseen by humans with higher
leverage tends to be better for everyone
holistically. Yeah. Yeah, I mean there's
still people pulling pulling around
tourists in horsedrawn carriages in
Central Park. That doesn't mean that the
right decision a 100 years ago was to
triple down on horsedrawn carriages. You
buy a dang car. Exactly. Like I think
that big question of do I learn to code
or not? It all depends on where you are.
Like if I'm 20some or you know a
teenager like and I'm on the fence about
like going hard on business or going
hard on coding like I'm going hard on
business and I'm learning all of these

[10:00]
business and I'm learning all of these
vibe coding tools and that's my coding
like my shortcut right whereas if I'm
already a coder like I'm going to learn
how to embrace this as much as I can and
like you said delegate and elevate and
just start doing more important like
you'd be dumb as a coder to abandon
coding because oh this is going to take
my job so let's start looking for like
you are in the best position possible
right now to further embrace coding,
right? Yep. Exactly. Exactly. It just
gives you so much like understanding how
this how software works, how to build
software gives you just so much more
leverage on how to actually control and
use AI tools and agents to to go and do
your bidding to, you know, change the
world or whatever, right? Yeah. It's
like the difference between a college
like a business professor that like
spent 30 years running and starting
businesses like his effectiveness in the
classroom versus a business professor
that's always only been a business
professor, right? Which one do you take?
Like I would rather have a a coder that
knows these AI tools than someone like
me frankly, but I can build these and
they don't myself and they don't have to
be amazing. They just have to be cool.

[11:00]
be amazing. They just have to be cool.
So I I love talking to founders about
like 8020 of use cases of your tools. So
I love to hear like the 80% like what
are people using it for? What's like the
bread and butter? And then what are like
those oneoff use cases that really just
make you scratch your head but are
really interesting the to the listener?
Yeah, that's a great question. question.
I mean this was like kind of crazy
things. We launched Bolt like last
October and before this we were making a
developer IDE and so only developers
were using our product and the scale of
revenue just like we almost went out of
business. So like a month after bolt
launched was when we were going to start
spinning down the company because we've
been around for seven years we gotten
the company to 700,000 of ARR and so
Bolt was the last experiment we ran like
this in browser de development
environment technology we made but and
bolt we paired this frontier AI agent
with it that we made and overnight it
just took off like in the first two
months we went from zero to 20 million
of ARR which is insane. Gosh it was
crazy. That's product market fit, right?
Like if anyone's wondering, how do I
know? Like if if you can't sleep because

[12:00]
know? Like if if you can't sleep because
of all the inbound you have, that's
product market fit. Exactly. And it's
the first time I've seen anything like
it. My I've been doing startups with my
co-founder for 20 years. I've never seen
anything like this. And because every
other launch we'd ever done, it's like
you'll have this even if you do great
marketing and you spend a lot of time on
the product, most things you'll have
this, you know, tick up on the day of
the launch, next day it drops and then
it just flattens out. you're back to the
grind of okay, we got to make this thing
better. And that's okay. That doesn't
mean they should quit. Absolutely not.
Right. Like, and that is the normal
thing. What happened here is from day
one, it just the revenue just was
cranking. And so, and our team was super
excited on the first day and I was like,
"Guys, temper your enthusiasm. Like,
this is how it works. I've I've seen
this move for 20 years. It's coming back
down." Yeah. And then the next day it
didn't. And I was like, "Okay, so like
maybe the word of mouth just kind of
whatever." And then it just kept going
day after day after day. And and then
the other kind of crazy thing was that
most of the people that were you know
emailing us as customers for support and
stuff were not developers. They were
designers or PMs or just people who were

[13:00]
designers or PMs or just people who were
entrepreneurs and you know people that
were salespeople making a website for
their daughter. It was like we were like
what is going on? Like this is this is
not the market that we you know kind of
thought that was going to pick this tool
up. But it's a much bigger market,
right? Massive, right? Massive. And so
after the first month it became very
clear to us like okay this is something
you know bold was really one of the
first products that that kind of hit
that nerve where was like this is not
just developers can build software now
and what does that mean right I mean
it's like there's like a billion people
on this planet that now actually can be
empowered to go and take their ideas and
put them into reality that's going to
change everything so I'm very enthralled
by what you're saying right now when you
made that pivot and so from what I
understand you were like a browser
extension for developers
When you made that pivot, was the reason
for the pivot because you were just kind
of looking around seeing at these other
guys thinking, "Oh my gosh, like we
could do that. We're not far from that.
They're crushing it." Or was it like
some something deeper than that? I was
actually pretty skeptical, I would say,

[14:00]
actually pretty skeptical, I would say,
of the AI stuff, you know, from 2022 to,
you know, beginning of 2024. Not that
like chatbt was obviously for I think
for everyone in the world was like a
mind-blowing moment in my head. After
the first month after that came out, I
was like, what else is this beyond like
chat? What's kind of the killer use case
here? How is this, you know, what are
the next things that this thing's going
to get incredibly good at doing that's
really valuable? And I mean, honestly,
tangibly, there weren't, you know, there
weren't a ton of things that that were
really progressing. And so, kind of by
the beginning of 2024, like our company,
everyone else in the world was like
adding AI features into their app. They
and they didn't make any sense for a lot
of these. There's like AI AI like a
classic hype bubble thing. It was like
adding blockchain to your name five
years ago. Exactly. And so so we were
looking at it. We're like we think there
might there might be another because
back in 21 we the exact same saw the
same thing happen with the web 3 stuff
and people were like you should have web
three and we were like this seems like a
bubble. People thought we were nuts.
People were like you should raise money.
You should you know grow the company to

[15:00]
You should you know grow the company to
100. And we're like no this seems like a
bad idea. Turns out would have been a
bad idea. Was a bad idea for a lot of
people. So I was kind of had the same
sort of lens where I was like I haven't
seen anything yet that really strikes me
as the breakthrough like the next
breakthrough thing for AI applications
that will drive what they're saying is
trillions of dollars of potential
revenue per year. Right beginning of
2024 you know I I was using chat GBT to
just generate code snippets and I would
take it and I'd put into our product.
Our product was an IDE for you to build
web apps in the browser and I was like
oh you know like chat GBT should
basically have like ARB stuff built into
it. like when you tell it to like build
a web app or whatever, it just like does
it in the browser. Like that's the magic
of we do is like allowing you to run,
you know, full, you know, dev
environments in a browser. And our
vision originally was basically to make
building full stack applications as easy
as using Canva or Figma. Just you go to
a browser URL, just boots, etc. Remove
the friction. Exactly. And so, you know,
that it kind of clicked. I was like,
okay, well, like the code that chatbt is

[16:00]
okay, well, like the code that chatbt is
writing is like I think kind of good.
So, you know, let's make a demo of this.
We spent a week doing that in February
of 24. Found out OpenAI's models just
were really not great for code
generation. Like it just the experience
didn't work because you would tell it to
build something. It would just break. It
was ugly. What would come out? Which
leaves an opening for you. Exactly.
Well, and so and we were like, this is a
cool idea. Maybe but it's not feasible
right now with the current state of the
frontier models. Maybe they'll improve
at some point in the future. Then in
May, a couple months after that, we got
an early preview of Enthropics Sonnet 35
model. It it was immediately obvious. I
was like, "Holy hell, like this is huge
difference step function difference in
in how good this thing is at writing
software and the output quality of it."
And so we green, you know, brought the
project back off the shelf, green lit it
and launched it. But so that's kind of
the long story short of it though is it
like the best things that I've ever done
in my career have always been things
where it's been like intrinsically I'm
like this would be kind of cool. Like I
am doing I'm using chatbt in this way
right now. I wish that I didn't have to

[17:00]
right now. I wish that I didn't have to
like copy and paste to like an
environment to run it. Like I maybe we
should just kind of build them together
and like I just want that and like and
our expectations when we launched Bolt
is that we were like this would be
incredible if we added 100K of ARR right
by like within a year. We were at 700K
at that point of AR after seven years
and and so we had no idea how explosive
the thing would be. Yeah. It really came
from just, you know, my own actual
curiosity and and needs versus kind of
looking at the market going, "Oh, we
want to be part of that." Because if you
look at like the 2022, 2023 era of AI
coding stuff, there was tons of people
just slapping AI and for that exact
reason because they were all looking
around like, "Oh, they're doing this,
they're doing that." But like none of it
added value. How did you get the word
out when you made this pivot? Good
question. We put together a tweet. Like
that was I was hoping you'd say that.
Yeah. You know, it's unconventional, but
you know, we like over the past like
seven years, like it's always important
like when you're building like a

[18:01]
like when you're building like a
startup, you should always be building
community around it because you never
know which of your iterations is going
to be the one that clicks. And ideally,
you want some amount of built-in
distribution for the you to propagate
what great messages you're going to send
out, basically, right? So, we built up,
you know, some like a small following. I
don't maybe 20,000 people were following
our account or whatever at the time. And
and but we we put out one tweet like
there wasn't even a blog post. There
wasn't a press release. And and it was a
darn good tweet. We spent some time on
it. And that just basically explained,
hey, this is what this thing is and you
know why it why it exists, why it's
different and better than the other
stuff that's out there. And it went
viral. That was important for seating
kind of the initial set of users that
came in and tried the thing. But what
what kept that that you know growth
flywheel going was that the experience
was amazing right like people would and
this is still true today when you go to
boltne there's no like marketing landing
page you have to sift through there's no
like crap you know like like most
products there's like all this crap you
have to go through to even just try the

[19:01]
have to go through to even just try the
thing out quick question what if there
were a private community out there of
people that were building businesses
based on this podcast well I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders it's called TK
owners and It's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner, but you give them
0% equity. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
I'm not going to lie, when I'm vibe

[20:00]
I'm not going to lie, when I'm vibe
coding stuff, I'm looking at bolt.new
for my landing page example. It's like
remove the friction, remove the
distraction. Anyway, totally. Yeah,
exactly. It's like just kind of get
people straight into the action because
that if you have a great product
experience, it will speak for itself,
right? Yeah. And so, you know, the
prompt box is there, you hit enter,
within, you know, a minute you have a
web app or whatever that's built that
looks great. And it's mind-blowing. And
so, people would deploy that URL. They'
be like, "Wow, I have a website live on
the internet." And then they would share
that whether you know in iMessage or on
X or whatever and be like, "Wow, look at
what I just made with bolt." And so that
was like we saw this crazy, you know,
organic word of mouth thing happening.
And that's like still the primary driver
of how people find out about Bolt. Yeah,
there's no paid acquisition. Like
there's zero zero dollars, you know, on
the marketing for the launch of the
thing. I don't want to go too deep into
this, but what was the amount what was
the anatomy of that tweet that made it
so great in your opinion? Good question.
By the way, have you ever heard of the
Amazon PRF FAQ approach? No. So, it's
this is a really this is a good one.

[21:01]
this is a really this is a good one.
This is good. Yeah. So, so Amazon PR
FAQs when Amazon wants to go and release
a product before they start making
designs or writing code or anything they
write a press release and an FAQ for the
product. What are you saying the day
that it is launched? Because you
effectively have to answer the questions
of why is this unique? Where are we
innovating on this? What problems is
this actually solving? Right? You're
proactively removing friction to people
ever using your thing. Bingo. And you're
starting at the end, right? you're
starting at like on launch day and then
working backwards from there, right? So,
and what that provides is then when
everyone's built when you say, "Okay,
well, we're going to do this project
there." The north star is so clear on
where you actually need to get to,
right? And so, for us, the approach
we've taken is we have like our approach
is a tweet thread FAQ. So, what we do is
because it's even more distilled format
of like a blog post or a press release
because you have to every tweet has to
have a purpose if it wants to be good at
least. You don't want to have like a
run-on thread or whatever. In the first
tweet, it was really the video demo that

[22:00]
tweet, it was really the video demo that
we had, you know, showcased like just
going to bolt on new typing in a prompt
and what you could actually build out of
it. And one of the guys on our team did
a great job with that. As I recall, the
text of that tweet kind of started with
the classic like, you know, wouldn't it
be great if you know, chat GBT could
actually I'm think I'm looking at that
tweet right now. It took like maybe a
dozen or two revisions just for the
first tweet to get it to where we were
like within 280 characters and etc. Was
this the one? That is exactly it. All
right. Why don't you go ahead and read
it for those that are only listening?
Okay. So, this tweet says, "What if AI
dev products Claude, Vzero, etc. let you
install packages, run backends, and edit
code? Introducing bolt.ne by stack
blitz. Prompt edit run and deploy full
stack apps full dev environment npmv.js
with Frontier AI. Free exclamation
point. That's it. That's a tweet. And
then in the comments, then you get to
the nitty-gritty, right? You don't want
to put that up front. Exactly. The most
interested people will start scrolling.
But you if you put that up front, then
you just turn people off. And this is

[23:00]
you just turn people off. And this is
why I love that that doing tweet threads
is kind of like the focal point of how
you make a marketing messaging because
the first tweet is the thing that needs
to grab people's attention and be like,
"Hey, this is a thing that sounds dope
and is relevant and it's something you
would want, right? right? Like we all
agree on that because that's really what
you want to get on that because once you
have them there, they will then read
through all of the cool things that this
thing can do. It's way easier to make
all the the subsequent, you know, kind
of tweets, by the way, because you're
really just speaking to the specific
features that really stand out and, you
know, etc. Not that we didn't spend time
iterating on those, but that tweet
specifically, we what we really wanted
to anchor to is like, you know, the way
we find this out is we would just go
talk to like our friends and prospective
customers or whatever, and we'd say,
"Hey, this is what we've built. here's
kind of, you know, the general pitch.
What do you think? They would ask that
question. Well, how is this different
from Claude or Vzero, right? Why do I
need this? Like, what are the actual
things that has these? And that's if you
look at that tweet, that's exactly it's
like, hey, wouldn't it be great if these
things that you know and love could do
this? That's what Bolt is. You lead with

[24:01]
this? That's what Bolt is. You lead with
a question. Exactly. Exactly. So, and
you kind of have to like you have to
talk to people to kind of get a sense of
like what is that? What's the first
thing people are going to ask you? Like,
yeah, but like what about blah blah
blah? You know, it's kind of like the
first question on this podcast. What
about kind of the other app builders,
right? It's like whatever it's like,
okay, well, how do you if we deserve to
exist, what exactly is that reason,
right? And like, you know, how are we
frame? That's super important to have.
And anyway, so something that we've
learned over the years when we've
launched stuff is just really having,
you know, a very wellthoughtout hook and
explanation of, you know, what this
thing is, why it deserves to exist, why
it's going to solve your problems. Way
easier said than done to do that. Well,
I think one of the magical things about
that tweet was you put the URL right
there. Not below the fold, not in a
comment, but right up front. And I've
looked at the Twitter code and there's a
misconception out there says if you put
a URL in your tweet, Twitter's going to
deboost it because they don't want to
take people off the platform, which
makes logical sense. So most people,
myself included, for a while, thought,
okay, I'm never going to put links in

[25:00]
okay, I'm never going to put links in
tweets. I'll put them in the comment
tweet, which I would still say 80% of
the time is best practices. But Elon
himself recently came out and tweeted
and said, "Hey, we don't like
automatically depprioritize or deboost
tweets from the algorithm if they have a
link." What we do do is we do whatever
we can to keep people in the platform.
And so it doesn't have to be a link. It
might be, but if your tweet is not
interesting enough, maybe because
they're clicking on your link and
leaving Twitter, maybe it's because it's
just not compelling, there's not a good
hook, there's not a good payoff, we're
not going to boost it. But if your tweet
is compelling enough and it has a link
and people stay on Twitter, like maybe
they click the link and they just keep
reading all of your comments. They're
watching all of your videos. So
Twitter's like, "Wow, I don't give a
crap that he put a link in here because
they're staying on Twitter even longer
than they would have otherwise. Let's
boost the heck out of this." Like
sometimes you can really find magic
because you lose a ton of people if you
put the link in even the first comment.
Like you lose 80% of people. But if you
can find magic and go viral with the URL
in the top tweet, oh man, zero to 20

[26:01]
in the top tweet, oh man, zero to 20
million ARR in two months. Totally in
this case. Totally. Yeah. Absolutely.
Absolutely. And that was the thing too
with our the new domain because we
originally did launch with developers.
And so one of the stipulations of having
a new domain is that when you go to that
URL, it has to immediately start some
type of action. So if you go to like
docsnew that takes you to a new Google
document or a Google like Oh yeah,
that's what I used to open all my docs.
I never even connected it to bolt. Huh.
Yeah, exactly. And so so and that's why
we chose the new domain and partially
because the.com was taken, but we were
like we really want people the magic of
this experience is zero friction between
your idea into reality. And so the new
domain actually requires you to, you
know, remove the marketing crap
basically, right? I love it. Okay, so my
ADHD is on full display. Let's get back
to the original question that I brought
us away from 8020 of how to use Bolt,
how people are using it. Most of the
people that are coming to Bolt by and
large are folks that are entrepreneurs
actually like they're building

[27:01]
actually like they're building
businesses and then there's the a large
portion of folks that are you know
assisting in building businesses like
PMs, designers, engineers, even like
sales and marketing teams etc. We have
two kind of splits of where our revenue
comes from which is one is proumer which
is that's the entrepreneurs starting
businesses and then we have B2B which is
existing businesses like fortune 500s or
scaleups and that's where we see a lot
of like you know designers PMs engineers
you know adopting us to accelerate you
know their prototyping and workflows and
that sort of thing right the proumer
side and just by sheer number of heads
on the platform entrepreneurs is like
the number one thing and they're coming
here and starting you know businesses of
like all types which is insanely cool to
see. Do you have some examples like what
like selling info products or agency web
like they're selling websites or what
are they doing? Yeah, totally. So
certainly a lot of agencies use Bolt to
go and build stuff for their clients,
right? That's a pretty large one. And

[28:00]
right? That's a pretty large one. And
the ROI on that is insane. Like there's
this guy CJ on X. He he has the most
legendary ROI story we've seen where he
posted a tweet and said, "Hey, this is
the web the application I made for my
client and it cost me nine bucks on
Vault to do this." And and then you
people got a good amount of pickup and
then someone asked the question I was
going to ask had they not which is how
much did you build a client? He was like
$9,000.
That's like buying Bitcoin in 2010. It's
crazy, right? If you like search like
bull arbitrage, there's kind of a
growing number of people that like are
kind of connecting the dots on this. So
there's a lot of agencies that use this
for just accelerating the development
workflows and this is becoming a much
more, you know, very common thing at
this point that folks are doing. But
then you have folks that are starting
like SAS businesses, right? There's a
lot of different types of these that we
see. So you have people that are that
will make course building websites for
themselves, for example. So instead of
going to, you know, one of these other
platforms, you can actually own all of
your revenue and have your own site to
do it, etc. instead of giving a 10 or 30
or 50% cut or whatever it is to go and

[29:01]
or 50% cut or whatever it is to go and
you know use some other hosted platform
and that sort of thing. So that's like
you just you know kind of one example of
something we've seen other ones too is
like people are making AI applications.
One example is this guy named Paul who's
you've been part of he was like one of
the first couple of weeks of folks that
were on our platform but built an entire
CRM with bolt that had AI integrated
into it and so you can literally
industry specific. I think he was just
kind of going after a general this just
general industry like anyone who's like
like a CRM to fit his needs hoping that
maybe other people would like it as
well. Yeah, absolutely. And you can go
sign up for it, you know, etc. We've
seen a lot of different, you know, cool
types of businesses and folks, you know,
making like real money now going and
actually selling monthly subscriptions
and, you know, etc. for this stuff,
right? What kind of app did CJ build?
The $9,000 one. What was that for? That
was for one of his clients. It was a
dashboard as I recall for some type of
reporting and their product etc. and he
was, you know, being acting as like an
agency, consulting with them and yeah,

[30:00]
agency, consulting with them and yeah,
you know, building out web apps and
whatever have you. That just reminds me
of just a framework that I have. First
principle like people love dashboards. I
don't care if you own an auto repair
shop, you're CEO of a Fortune 500
company. And I think the first principle
behind it is like it just makes us feel
good that we have everything under
control. Like my whole business is on
one screen. I know what's going on.
Really, you don't. But my point is
people will pay so much money for a
dashboard that is simply just
aggregating together data via APIs
through an interface that you build with
something like Bolt. So go start a dang
dashboard agency.
That's the thing. You won't be the first
person to do it. Like AI
totally. And so we're actually running
this hackathon right now for the entire
month of June where I don't if you saw
this but like so we're doing I did.
Yeah. Million bucks. The world's largest
hackathons. We have over 100,000 people
that are participating in this at this
point. We crossed the world record which
was like 66,000. Guinness is like
officially going to market, you know,
like I've never done it before. I've
never been in the world world record,

[31:00]
never been in the world world record,
but we're all going to be there. It's
been so so cool to see all these folks
going and like and building ideas that
they would not. And the reason we did
this, by the way, was that most people
still don't know on planet Earth that
they can actually build software without
being a developer. And so that's like
that was why we kind of created this
lightning rod of attention for this
hackathon of like hey over a million
dollars in prizes. You do not need to be
technical. In fact it's we better if
you're not technical and you come to do
this and you know come on and you know
try bolt for free and like build
something and you know see what you can
build. And there's been amazing stuff.
Like folks, there's an app that
someone's building in South Africa for
giving access to like emergency services
down there because apparently there's
not really great infrastructure for if
you needed to go to the hospital like
where do you actually go? Like which
kind of blows my mind. You would expect
that this would be kind of a solid
problem in 2025. I think it was like a
month or two ago, one of his friends had
an accident in South Africa and they
didn't have internet access and had no
idea where to go. And that's like a

[32:01]
idea where to go. And that's like a
common thing. So is there stuff like
that where you people are building
applications that are actually
meaningful kind of even even beyond just
a business sense like actually you know
obviously important for for humans. I
think it's very key that you said like
it's actually better if you're not a
developer like I I think of this study
where they took a bunch of executives
and a bunch of kids and they gave all of
them a bunch of marshmallows with
toothpicks and they said all right build
the biggest tower you can. And they put
them in groups of like three. And all
the executives, they got together and
they had like two hours to do it. They
spent the first hour, hour and a half
planning, game planning, engineering.
Let's get the loadbearing right on this.
Let's have a big enough foundation. And
the kids just started freaking sticking
marshmallows with toothpicks. And they
started building and falling over,
building, and the kids won, right?
Because they weren't biased. And they
just started trying and failing, trying
failing. And when I think of a developer
going into something like Bolt, they
probably have all these preconceived
biases biases and confirmation biases
and they go into like, well, I don't
want to build this because it's probably
going to and they might be wrong in a

[33:01]
going to and they might be wrong in a
lot of cases because they have these
assumptions that just aren't true.
Whereas someone that's totally ignorant
like myself can go like, yeah, build me
an iPhone app. And it's like, okay. And
you're going to hit problems. You're
going to hit friction. It's like, oh,
okay, let me take this over to ChatGpt.
Let me export my repository to GitHub.
Okay. Huh. and like you just start
working through these problems which
that's all entrepreneurship is is
problem solving and entrepreneurs know
how to do that very well and I could
actually see a scenario where the the
non-technical vibe coders if you will
are are crushing it for sure right I
mean like that's 100% because like the
big problem with like you know the
building like apps and software being
gated to date on having development
experience is that once you're a really
proficient developer you lose touch, you
know, naturally with what the experience
of using software is as a non-developer,
right? And and this is something for us
as a company like we were building tools
for developers before. Now we are
building tools for non-developers. And
so for us, we are having to completely

[34:00]
so for us, we are having to completely
transform how we approach building
building the experience of our product
because a lot of our engineers own
instincts no longer actually match with
the end users using the product to that.
And so who are we hiring to bring in is
like folks that are like great PMs and
designers that have really good
perspective of okay what really
representing the end users experiences
and then for our engineers there's lots
of ways to kind of get that context on
the engineers like you some companies
every engineer has you knows a customer
personally that they talk to every week
right to like have that built-in like
empathy and you know you know thread
with them right but it's a huge
advantage for folks that are are
building apps is if they don't if
they're not kind actually bogged down in
the bajillion details that go into
building a software product. And that's
like the stuff that's come out of this
hackathon is some of the coolest ideas,
you know, that I have seen from a
hackathon largely because it's not just
engineers making stuff for engineers.
It's stuff that's like, wow, this is
like we brought a girl in our live

[35:00]
like we brought a girl in our live
stream that is a new mom and built an AI
app for new moms that helps you like,
you know, you can ask it questions
about, you know, what do you do? like
how much you know generally should you
be feeding the baby or like how do you
get them on the right sleep schedule
blah blah blah which you know I had oh
you know my first kiddo a year and a
half ago and I was like yeah that's a
real problem like that's like you know
real thing and you know but as an
engineer my first thought wasn't hey I
should go build an app for this and you
know like it just didn't click that's
what's really cool about this is that it
connects people that are directly
exposed and feeling the problem to with
the tools to actually solve it you know
yeah so video is cool but you know
what's long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter. tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week, very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week, stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales pitch. tkopod.com.
What are some weird unexpected ways that
people have used Bolt to make a ton of
money? Maybe they built an agency on top
of it. Maybe it was a random website.

[36:01]
of it. Maybe it was a random website.
Anything. That's a good I think the
agencies one has been so interesting and
but it makes a ton of sense why that's
the case. The other really interesting
ones that I've seen have really revolved
around folks that are going and
building, you know, platforms where they
are owning the content that they're
making and selling it directly and
effectively kind of cutting out the
middleman of some of these other tools,
right? Right. So whether they're selling
courses, whether they're selling, you
know, materials or access to community
or, you know, etc. Like that's that to
me is like some of the most interesting
stuff because some of these tools will
take a substantial cut out of your
earnings, right? And like yeah before
you could have gone and signed up for
stripe and done yourself but like you
know the previous company I ran before
this was you know we were selling
courses online kind of like proite and
for my co-founder I was just him and I
was you know like a basically a
lifestyle business and it took you know
him and I like a month or two to get
just the infrastructure set up with
payments and login and da da da before

[37:01]
payments and login and da da da before
we could even start selling courses. And
in retrospect, it probably wasn't worth
our time, but we just didn't, you know,
we're like, we're bootstrapping. We a 30
or 40% cut is brutal. Like, we got to
pay rent. That to me is, you know, some
of the most interesting things from like
a monetization standpoint that that I've
seen, you know, for Bolt. But that could
be a good framework of just like
whatever software tool you use that is
more expensive than you think it needs
to be or takes a bigger percentage cut
than you think it needs, try to
replicate that in bulk. Absolutely. At
worst case, you save money for yourself.
Best case, you resell that to others.
Absolutely. One of my friends actually a
tangible example of this and this
they're not making money on this, but
they have there's like a teleprompter
iPad app, right? So, they're using it to
like, you know, they're recording videos
and it's like 30 bucks. I don't know of
any good teleprompter apps, so I would
love to hear about this. Yeah. So, this
blew my mind because he sent me a
message. He's like, "Yeah, like you've
been using this app that's like 30 bucks
a month and it sucks on the iPad." And
so I went to Bolt and just one shot
said, "Make me a teleprompter app." And

[38:00]
said, "Make me a teleprompter app." And
it did and it's better and it, you know,
cost basically, you know, two cents or
something to me. Yeah. And then they own
it forever, right? So there's a lot of
things like that where, you know, tools
that you're paying for, you actually may
not need to pay for them. And in fact,
you can customize them for your own use
cases for your business, which is like a
very common use case actually across the
spectrum of people we see, whether it's
entrepreneurs or it's actually Fortune
500s or whatever, like they're also
using Bolt to just build internal tools
for themselves that are kind of bespoke,
you know. Do you have any examples of
big businesses that have already been
built with Bolt like from an ARR
perspective or number of customers
perspective? Yeah, good question. I
think I'd have to pull I know that there
there's startups that have launched
using us for parts or you know or full
parts of their web apps whatever have
you like there's a YC startup called
Denormaliz that used us to build their
application and they're doing stuff
around AI data pipelines etc and they've
raised a couple million dollars at this
point there's a lot of these though
right so the one thing is because you
know folks own their entire Stripe
accounts we don't have observability per

[39:01]
accounts we don't have observability per
se into how big some of these folks are
getting but we hear this a lot though
where they like hey we use this to build
about this entire thing and we certainly
see the companies that that are growing
by headcount and adding seats on us you
know we see that as well but yeah I mean
there's a lot of cases where you know
certainly startups are going to raising
raising money and are making substantial
amounts of ARR but also existing
scaleups and fortune 500s they're like
you know launching new products out of
this thing that are you know doing
responsible for tens of millions of
dollars in revenue per year sort of
thing. Yeah, I could see someone saying
like, well, yeah, I want to get into Y
Combinator, but I can't just build
something with Bolt to get in. And it's
like, you can you can you can Yeah, you
absolutely can. I'd love for you to show
us like show us how the average user
with no technical knowledge can go from
nothing to something on Bolt. Cool.
Yeah, absolutely. Let me go share my
screen here. Okay. And for those
listening on audio, I'll be describing
what's going on here. All right. So, we
get the Bolt homepage here. Simplest
thing in the world. What do you want to
build? And there's just a text box. We

[40:01]
build? And there's just a text box. We
can tell what we want to build. Maybe
let's just have like, you know, create a
course selling website. Perhaps
something like that. So, I'm Eric
Simons. I want to build a courseelling
website for my new course on how to use
bolt.new
to make production web applications.
Anything else you want to add here? No.
I'd love to ask you questions as we wait
for this to prompt. What what are some
prompting best practices? Like the first
prompt, start with like something, you
know, relatively simple like you start
with like the homepage and start with
maybe some of the, you know, just static
parts of the application and like figure
out like how the the colors, the UIUX
you want. That's what this thing's going
to go do right now. You want to like
because if you look at from a typical
product development process, that's
usually where you want to start is just
with okay, let's make sure the general
flows, the layout, the look and feel,
etc. Let's make sure all of that stuff
works properly. And then we start like

[41:01]
works properly. And then we start like
layering on functionality. Yeah. And so
in the next steps here, depending on
what comes back, we'll either make some
changes to the colors or whatever have
you or to the layout. We're like, "Okay,
cool. This looks great and let's start
adding in some functionality." And at
that point, you kind of want to break
these things out, you know, into
specific tasks like you prompt by prompt
just so that it's easy for you to if you
have to roll back, you're like, "Okay,
this that that didn't really work."
You're there's like only one thing that
I was working on there. I can easily
roll that back. But generally, you don't
want to like completely jam a ton of
stuff, you know, into the chat just
because you might end up with results
that are hard to roll back and kind of
have fine grain control. Okay. Right. So
me, I'm like super impatient and when
I'm building something, I'm like, do
this and then it starts. I'm like, also
do this and then do this and then do
this and then do this. Would you not
recommend that? It depends. So
especially if you're doing like if
you're changing kind of parts of the UI
and that sort of thing. Totally fine.
Yes. If you're when you're kind of
getting into more complex functionality,

[42:00]
getting into more complex functionality,
it's good to like kind of break it down
and take it more step by step. I'll show
you one feature we have actually that
allows you to kind of consolidate
changes like that that are maybe large
and etc. It's called discussion mode.
And this down here in our chat box is
this little like discussion icon. If you
click on that, then you you can actually
just have a conversation where the agent
isn't actually building anything. It's
just helping effectively answer
questions and build a plan on what to go
and build with you. Right. Okay. So,
this is the app we got back. So, it's
called Bolt Master. Gave us some
branding. Yeah. Like pretty good for
you. That looks really good. Yeah, I'm
not like a design master, but I think
that this looks legitimately good. Let's
say, for instance, it's not good enough
for me. I want to look something I want
to see much more sleek. Maybe I have
some examples. I can go screenshot it.
What What prompting tips do you have for
asking it to change the user interface
to look a certain way? For sure. Yeah. I
mean, if there's like certain like
colors or, you know, like, hey, I want
more animations, you can just tell it to
do that. You can just say, "Hey, like I

[43:00]
do that. You can just say, "Hey, like I
I want it to be like a purple theme or I
want it to like and if you have specific
examples, you can actually just take
screenshots, drop them into the chat,
and it'll use that as reference then and
go, okay, I will make something that
looks more like this." Right? How well
does it work with screenshots? Like,
let's say I went and took Airbnb's
homepage, which is known for design. I
just screenshotted it and said, "I know
this isn't vacation rentals, but make it
look like this." Sure. How well would it
do with that? Let's give it a shot. I'll
go ahead and drag in the screenshot of
Airbnb. make the theme look more like
like because design is something that is
very easy to ignore but I feel moves the
needle much more than people would
assume. Absolutely. Absolutely right.
And so that to me is what's cool is I'm
building something from scratch and
bolt. What I'm often doing is I will go
and find, you know, great design
inspiration to pull from and, you know,
tell Bolt to to go and look at that and
then, you know, spin up design based on
that, right? And hopefully hopefully the
demo gods play well with me here. But
it's it's really looking at the
screenshots like

[44:01]
screenshots like
I don't know. There we go. Cool. What
happens because this has happened to me
in other apps where I just hit a brick
wall. For instance, I'm trying to build
this website right now and it will not
let me log out. I click log out, it just
refreshes. And I put the code in GitHub
and Chad GPT and they all say that, "Oh,
I see what's happening. It's just it's
actually logging you out, but it's not
refreshing on the UI over and over and
over and I cannot fix it." Yeah. And
it's a very simple thing. What are your
tips for getting around that brick wall?
Absolutely. Because it's going to
happen. Yeah. Yep. And this stuff does
happen, right? And so and that's like
one of the reasons we rolled out
discussion mode is it's very useful for
solving these types of issues because it
it's you know instead of it you know
typically when you go to other like even
with the the normal build mode agent and
bolt but and this is how you ch and a
lot of the other things by default will
work is they'll instead of being like
hey let's like maybe talk this through
and like have you do a couple of things
to test stuff it'll just be like oh I
definitely know what's going wrong like
has no idea right whereas discussion

[45:00]
has no idea right whereas discussion
will say okay let's try this okay can
you give me this information know okay
and it'll actually start instrumenting
the codebase if things are still going
wrong it'll start adding logs and etc to
then pull in and go okay well what is it
what's happening now right that
typically goes a very long ways right I
mean the cool thing about discussion
mode is that every message of discussion
mode takes like onetenth of the price of
a normal agent message right and so you
can send way more discussion mode
messages which is important for
debugging and not just burning through
your entire you know, monthly a lotment,
right? So, this thing, you know,
shamelessly, shamelessly, that's pretty
close. I mean, there's no shame on this
podcast, so we're all about copy paste.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, obviously when
pulled the exact color scheme, this is
like, you know, took exact inspiration,
you know, from for those listening, it
looks like Airbnb. Yeah. Like it took
about 90 seconds and it looks like
Airbnb. Airbnb for courses.
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I mean,

[46:01]
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I mean,
how much time and effort and care and
money does Airbnb pour into design? Oh,
I mean, so like in all seriousness, why
try to become a good designer when you
can just do stuff like this? I think for
for a lot of applications, right? I
think that you don't need to for Bolt
like we spent time on the UIUX, but as I
mentioned earlier, like we started
Bolt's development in July and we
launched it in October. So there's 90
days, right? And we poured love into the
UIUX of it to the degree you could, but
we didn't even have a mobile response of
view for Bolt. And we didn't have it
until the beginning of this year. Like
we went to 0 to 20 million AR without a
mobile response of you, right? And I'm
not saying there's a lesson in there.
There is. Just freaking launch.
Absolutely. Right. If the value you're
providing is actually insanely great,
which it should be, like that's the
that's what you have to do, right?
There's all these other things that you
should do that people were yelling at us
like, "How do you not have a mobile
response?" You know? Well, we made we
had to cut corners somewhere to get it
out online. Yeah. And for a lot of
applications folks build, it's like the
design of this what comes out of these
models is excellent. And it's why would

[47:01]
models is excellent. And it's why would
you go and spin cycles on something that
is usually kind of, you know, somewhat
ancillary to the core value you actually
have to go and provide. Not that you
should ignore design at all or
something, but there's a certain bar you
have to hit. And unless you're doing
something that is design specific and
that's one of the key reasons, you know,
that your app is going to win and is
competitive or something, right? And
those are few like there's not a lot of
those, you know, it's you should be just
be focusing on solving the end user's
problems, you know. Do you have any
other like prompting hacks like
shortcuts like talk to it this way or
say this or this phrase or I'm very
curious about that? I encourage people
to just like, you know, throw vibes at
it, especially for design and like you
say, hey, like go and you make it
beautiful, like make this thing pop.
Like, you know, add a page that, you
know, really focuses on XYZ. Like
sometimes it's just better to let the AI
take a crack at whatever you have to do
versus you trying to like really spec
out exactly how it should be because I I
think that some people will just get
really really really detailed and then

[48:01]
really really really detailed and then
what comes out is is you know will will
like work but it's you know they're
spending all this time on things where
you know in these models that they're
trained on you know the best you know
apps in the world and so you get to kind
of leverage a lot of the best practices
just by saying hey we need a pricing
page can you just kind of go whip
something up with these three prices and
it's like what comes back it's like yeah
oh okay yeah that's great you know like
I went to thought it out that way you
know so in a previous podcast I
suggested people do this and I'm curious
what your thoughts are on this let's say
you have an idea for a website and you
pull up bolt alongside four other direct
bolt competitors and you just start
prompting all five at the same time do
this make this website same prompt in
all five browser windows what result are
you going to get from both either good
better you know different, worse,
whatever, it doesn't matter. How is Bolt
going to be unique when you're prompting
five different, you know, vibe coding
apps the same way? Totally. Yeah. I
think we've got pretty the best like
design output at this point of all the

[49:01]
design output at this point of all the
things out there. We've spent a lot of
time on that because like again, it's
like we're trying to get you from idea
to business, you know, as as fast as
possible, right? And in less than five
minutes. And so if you're having to
spend a ton of time on just making the
website like look like something that
could actually sell a product, that's a
problem. And so that's the on the first
prompt, that is what you're going to see
with Bold. On the second prompt, you'll
save time. Absolutely. Just on the
design port. Oh, yeah. And what comes
out just is stunning, right? And and on
the second prompt, you're actually you
have a real backend and payments, etc.
integrated with the thing, right? That's
what you're going to really notice. And
and the speed of it, too. Like that's
like we really have and this a lot of it
comes from the seven years we spent
building this technology like so this is
like how we're running this in browser
here by the way this is the seven years
of technology we spent before bolt on
our previous product and this is no one
else has the a pure in browserbased dev
environment all the other providers have
to use cloud VMs for every time you open
up one of their things so you will

[50:00]
up one of their things so you will
notice there's it takes a long time to
boot those things often sometimes they
won't boot at all because you know the
server is borked or whatever blah blah
blah with bold every single time like
when I refresh this chat window this is
booting a fresh operating system on my
device inside of my browser booting up
installing it getting it running etc you
know within seconds and that's and you
know on the other guys like that this
can take minutes to do that so that's
like I think those are the things that
you'll tangibly notice when you kind of
go compare these things against each
other how viable is it to build like a
productionready iPhone app with Bolt you
can do it absolutely yeah we have an
integration with expo which is like a
React Native thing. And so on the home
screen, you just say like, you know,
build me a mobile app,
mobile app that looks like Spotify or
whatever. This will actually, you know,
get a real native application spun up
that using just a you can take a picture
of a QR code, you know, that'll pop up
here, but you can actually run that app
on your device and as you are prompting,

[51:00]
on your device and as you are prompting,
it'll up like hot reload it, you know,
in your hand in real time, right? And so
so that's like you we're one of the few
providers that can actually do this.
Again, it's because we're running all
this stuff locally on device that we can
let you build mobile apps and not just
kind of like specific types of web apps
or something. Yeah. What type of
functionalities are still difficult for
Bolt? Like let's say I wanted to build a
WhatsApp clone and I wanted people to
have encrypted chat between, you know,
anywhere they are on the earth. Is there
any like sort of feature or product or
database or something that like Bolt is
still kind of young at that but
improving? That's a really good
question. I think for all of these
things there's kind of a complexity
curve of when you start adding in
functionality that's reasonably
complicated and not super common. You
may start like an Uber clone like an
Uber clone where using like GPS data and
stuff. Yeah. And especially with Uber
because it's like a lot of what makes
Uber work is the dispatching algorithms
and software behind it. And obviously
there's tons of humans that have to
support that operation, right? And and

[52:01]
support that operation, right? And and
that's where things get a lot more
complicated because now you're not just
talking about you know really a like
what you know in software is like a CRUD
based application create read update
destroy where you're just you're putting
you're uploading things to a database
you're downloading things. Now you're
dealing with real-time systems where you
have to have, you know, servers that are
doing sophisticated algorithms that you
have to invent to, you know, be
matchmaking drivers to to passengers,
etc., etc. It's like things of that
nature would be very difficult to do
with Bolt or any tool for that matter
without having knowledge of it. But it
also depends on the use case, too. If
you're building an app to that where you
only ever have 20 drivers to be assigned
to different like orders. Okay. I mean
you know like that actually would work
like you don't need some crazy
sophisticated you know mapping algorithm
or something for that right. Yeah. And
you can just be doing a more direct
matchmaking thing. And again this is
like where you're spending a like as
people build their projects up they're
spending a lot more time in discussion
mode in bolt because they're going okay
I need to go add this functionality blah
blah blah. then and discussion board

[53:01]
blah blah. then and discussion board
will come back and go okay we're going
to have to go do this that here's kind
of the trade-offs like what are you
actually trying to do here and you know
really honing in on the plan which is
exactly you know when you when engineers
write software that you know they don't
just kind of go oh we're building Uber
great and then just start coding it's
like there's you have to do a lot of
planning to kind of really think through
okay how is this going to work what's
the actual you know intended you know
experience we're delivering here etc
right and so the same thing is true with
this and coming back to earlier in the
conversation where it's knowledge of
building software being important. This
is why, right? So, if you want to build
more complicated things, but it's not
even like even knowing how to code. It's
also just understanding at a high level,
okay, what are like the tools and
services that that you can use to solve
different types of problems. How do you
glue these things together? Those sorts
of things, right? And yeah, what we see
a lot is people will come here, they
will they'll build their first website,
which is something that's maybe, you
know, maybe a personal website or it's
like a course selling website, something
like that, and then they're like, "Oh, I

[54:00]
like that, and then they're like, "Oh, I
want to go build something more
complicated." And and then they have to
go learn some stuff along the way, which
again, discussion mode and our Discord
communities helped with, etc. You know,
folks, like there's something really
powerful about being intrinsically
motivated to go and learn about this
stuff because you're like, "Oh, I know I
can build this." Yeah. and therefore I'm
going to go dig in and like, you know,
understand how I would do it versus if
you don't even know how to code. Like
it's really hard to kind of get past
that point, right? And so here's a
mobile app. So this is like previewing
it. You saw this QR code. So if you scan
this on your device, you can actually
like run it. Oh wow. But yes, this is
Spotify or Spotify clone and you know,
Wow. etc. But that's that's zero shot,
you know. Yeah. I've never even
attempted a mobile app with any of these
vibe coding apps, but I want to. Yeah.
It's cool. It's fun. I mean, it's it's
so different to be holding this thing in
your hand and then seeing it update live
as a native app. It's really it's
something else. This was amazing. I know
people are going to love it. Where can
they find you? We know where to find
Bolt. Bolt.new. What about Eric? Yeah,

[55:00]
Bolt. Bolt.new. What about Eric? Yeah,
you can find me on X. I'm Eric Simons
over on X. And then our X account for
Bolt is Bolt. Like spelled out do you
know? B O L D O T New. Yeah, that's
where you can find us. Okay, thanks for
watching. I hope you enjoyed it. Share
with a friend. And if you want to use
Bolt, I'd love it if you use my
affiliate link in the show notes.