[00:00]
Are there any lowhanging fruit ways that
people could make money with these
tools?
I'm not a technical person. You're not
allowed to say that anymore. You can
literally go on YouTube, chat GBT, and
learn whatever. We live in a beautiful
time. Platforms like anymake.com or
Gumloop. It's a perfect place where a
non-coder can experience what it feels
like to build something that's actually
useful. I have no doubt you'll be able
to build cool stuff. I see a lot of
people Chris like get frustrated. Oh,
it's not working. You always love this.
It's like give it a few tries. Read up.
Ask Chad GBTS are often right. Optimist
make money. I challenge everyone
watching. Build at least one after this
episode at least one automation. Use the
heck out of all the free trials and most
importantly have fun learning. When
you're having fun, you're not working.
The idea of being able to chain certain
tasks together, certain actions
together, and build workflows is pretty
impressive without having to write code.
like platforms like neadmake.com like
you know whichever one floats your boat

[01:00]
you know whichever one floats your boat
I think are a great place for someone
who is an idea guy or gal should be
experimenting right or gum loop like
there's a lot there's a lot of great
tools out there right I think it's a
perfect place where a non-coder can
start to experience what it feels like
to build something that's actually
useful so if I was a non developer and
I've thought about this for a long time
a lot of the stuff that I would do is I
would play with a lot of the tools like
I mentioned but I would also start to
automate even the small things in my
life, right? It it doesn't have to be
perfect. I think you rob yourself of
having to like not everything has to be
a SAS. Maybe there's some things you
build for yourself, right? And in doing
this, you prepare yourself to be that
person who builds something that's
pretty awesome, right? So, I challenge
everyone watching, build at least one
after this episode, at least one
automation that does something that you
do on a regular basis, right? Let's say
you get a lot of spam emails, right?
Maybe something that reads those and you
use GBT to respond in a hilarious troll

[02:00]
use GBT to respond in a hilarious troll
way. I don't know what it is. Whatever
it is,
just something to learn.
Yeah, just something to learn. I think
there is value in learning and often
times, especially with like Twitter,
every one is perfect. Everything is
perfect. People don't make mistakes. At
least that's how it looks like when
you're looking at other people's stuff.
But I really challenge you to to just
build, have fun, enjoy the process,
break things, learn, enjoy the pain.
That's what it's like being a developer,
right? So, I think there are certain
things that even as the models get
perfect, they're not they're they're not
going to read your brain unless you put
the chip in. And I don't think I'm about
to do that. But I say that all to say,
embrace it, right? Embrace it and just
have fun. And if and if it's fun that
you're having, it doesn't become
stressful because I see a lot of people,
Chris, like get frustrated. Oh, it's not
working. Oh, it's not this. It's like
tools don't get built in a day. At least
something valuable, right? If you're
building a landing page, I understand.
But, you know, most people don't even
know the different types of databases
and are frustrated when after one prompt
um the front end's connection or the
back end's connection to the database

[03:01]
back end's connection to the database
doesn't work.
Yeah.
Give it a few tries, try again, try
tomorrow, maybe read up, ask Chad GVT.
One thing that I do is for every place I
get stuck at just because I want to
learn from it, I will literally either
screenshot whatever error I've
experienced or where I've got stuck at
and let's chat GBT what happened and how
do I learn from this? I think just
investing in these little small actions
prepares you for tomorrow's world cuz
I'm I'm one of those people that doesn't
think like I'm not a AI is going to
replace everyone type of person. I am a
person who says AI is going to change
things and the people who change with
the times and update themselves with the
times will be the ones who reap the
rewards. Um there's a saying pessimists
are often right. Optimists make money.
Yeah.
Yep. I love that. I love that saying.
What is the coolest automation you've
built and are you willing to show us how
it works?
Yeah. So, my favorite one, it was an AI

[04:00]
Yeah. So, my favorite one, it was an AI
pizza ordering agent.
Oh, that's cool.
Basically, it went to my favorite spot,
which is Domino's.com.
Dominoes.ca. I live in Canada. Domino's
is the best pizza place in the world.
So, what it essentially did was I, the
user,
had a chatbot interface. So, I also
built a web app for this. So, it wasn't
just an automation. And I'll kind of
explain how you can build both. There
was a chatbot interface and this chatbot
interface I'll use circle had an AI
agent I built. I use agents loosely but
you get what I'm trying to say.
Yeah.
And this agent interfaced with
Domino's's API. Now, I will say the
reason why I didn't publish this or I
don't maintain it is because the API
that it used to interact with Domino's
was like not an official API. It was

[05:00]
was like not an official API. It was
like some guy who built it six years ago
and like there's no really secure way to
handle payment. So, it's a little sus,
which is why I only
built it for myself. But basically the
way it worked is user would come on the
site, the AI agent would notice that
they're on the site and would say, "Oh,
would you like to order pizza?" And then
it would give you four options because
that's how I configured it. And then it
would go back and forth. So it would
have this conversation with you where it
asks you a question, you give it an
answer, that answer becomes gets stored
in a DB and then it keeps going back and
forth. And then once everything that was
needed to make the order was set, once
the AI agent had everything it needed,
it would then call the Domino's API,
make a payment and all that stuff.
Here's where things get interesting and
maybe we'll have this as homework for
people is I think NA web hooks.
Yes. So NE8 and I'm pretty sure Gum
that's what's hot in the streets now I

[06:00]
that's what's hot in the streets now I
believe. But with any they have what you
call web hooks. And basically what's
awesome about this is you can connect
whatever automation you've built. Like
let's say I have an automation that
every time I get an email, I'm a
YouTuber. I get people who email me if I
need someone who make my thumbnails. So
maybe I have an automation that, you
know, read all my emails and if someone
mentions
thumbnails,
ask how much, right? Something simple,
right? I don't want to go back and
forth. I just want to know how much,
right? If they're emailing me, they
probably sending me their portfolio,
what they have. Ask for how much. And
then you can get fancy where you can get
it to send you like a message to
WhatsApp, Telegram, and all this stuff,
right? But what's interesting with web
hooks is I can connect this automation
with a web app and that's when it
becomes interesting. So let's say you

[07:00]
becomes interesting. So let's say you
have an automation where a user just
needs to give you their email and then
what you will do is you will scrape the
internet for a specific shoe and if it
goes below a certain price then it sends
them a notification. You can build that
automation in any eight, right? But
how do you package that? How do you sell
that? Or how do you build an interface
that makes it very very simple for
someone to use that automation, right?
Web hooks is where it comes in handy. So
again, I'll have it highlighted here.
You can literally just search N and A N8
N and then web hooks. Okay?
And the first doc will take you there.
Again, will you get this right the first
time? Is this painful? Will you have to
vibe code a few things if you don't know
how to code? 100%. But if you do this,
most people don't know how to do this. I
have no doubt you'll be able to build
cool stuff, right? So, I'm very much
interested in how do I turn these cool

[08:01]
interested in how do I turn these cool
automations or really agents into
something that a user can use. Right?
So, this is why you can maybe call this
vibe coding plus vibe automating. Quick
question. What if there were a private
community out there of people that were
building businesses based on this
podcast? Well, I just made it and it's
only for business starters and business
builders. It's called TK owners and it's
basically like having me and a hundred
other business geniuses as your business
partner, but you give them 0% equity.
Also, there's going to be exclusive new
trends, growth hacks, business ideas,
and a database of everything I've ever
talked about. You'll find thousands of
startup case studies. You'll have weekly
ask me anythings with me while I'll
answer your questions directly. You'll
be in my Slack channel where I'm hanging
out every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,

[09:00]
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
So, Vibe coding plus Vibe Automating.
You take something you built in NA. I
will admit as a developer, I like
building these myself, right? But I
still learn how to use the tools because
again, I want to be up to date with the
times. But if you're someone who doesn't
know how to code, you take some of these
automations and then you take a VIP code
tool. I'm biased. I'll say tempo or any
other vibe code tool of your choice. I
would really learn in building something
combining these two, right? I think you
start to build applications that are
more useful than your standard landing
page, but you also start to see how
these different components work, right?
How a website works, right? Like you
don't have to be a developer to know
that okay, every like functional app has

[10:00]
that okay, every like functional app has
a front end and a back end, right? The
front end is the userfacing side. The
backend handles all API calls. You know,
if a website has username, password, and
all that stuff, that's authentication.
If I'm doing something on a website, I
log out and I come back in and
information's there, that means a
website has a database, right? These
things are not shouldn't be guarded as,
oh, only technical people should know
this. I think it's a very lazy excuse. I
think you can know base level how these
things work. And I guarantee anyone who
knows even like and this is why product
managers, designers, they cook with
these type of tools because they have
technical knowledge. They're not
technical people but they have technical
knowledge. So when you combine that
knowledge with these AI tools, whether
it be automation, vibe, coding, cloud
code, whatever it is, almost always
those are the people who end up you know
having the most fun and building the
coolest things.
The non-technical people, the product
managers.
Mhm. Well, people with a kind of a base

[11:01]
Mhm. Well, people with a kind of a base
level technical knowledge, but not
coders,
I say non-technical people in technical
organizations or environments.
Yeah. Okay. When it comes to building
your average automation like this, what
tools do you like to use for what types
of tasks? And you know what? Let's let's
expand that out. What LLMs, what tools
are your go-to tools for certain tasks?
Yeah. So I will draw a line. I have
let's say a spectrum right let's say
from
userfacing
cool
vivy to genius
code difficult
right let's say this is a spectrum right
y
if I'm building anything where code is
being generated or I feel as if the task
is very like requires some sort of
calculation or whatever anything
difficult, I'm always going with Claude

[12:03]
difficult, I'm always going with Claude
almost always,
right? And then on the opposite
spectrum, let's say I want to build like
a nice image generator, right, for
people to generate cartoons or I want to
build a poem generator or I want to
build an agent that talks in slang,
right?
Almost always open AI. And if you use
open AI enough, like I don't want to
open my personal chat GBT cuz it show my
history and stuff, but my chat GBT
starts to talk like me. Like it will
say,
"Bruh, but Bur uh because I talk like
that, right?" So like the model is sort
of designed to be in a very psychopathic
and weird way like almost personable,
right? So yeah, it almost becomes my
go-to for like I don't even want to be
to that guy be that guy if I'm building
anything B to C and I wanted to have a
personality I'll always go for something
like open AI and for anything again

[13:03]
like open AI and for anything again
agentic
writing code complex stuff
binary like binary outputs
I'm going for something claw and then
Gemini honestly is like an allstar where
Gemini can sort of be both, right? And
there is a use case to Gemini where like
Gemini is also the most cost effective
where and maybe we can have another
graph here just to paint this picture.
One of the things that especially if you
plan on building something that's going
to be used a lot or scale is something
you want to think about early on. If we
were to compare price, Claude is up
here.
Gemini is you know very cheap and then
open AI depending on the model is very
right there right so there are a lot of
things I would take into consideration
in the initial building stage I'm not
really worried about cost and neither

[14:01]
really worried about cost and neither
are you so I wouldn't really think too
much about that I think you should only
worry about cost when you know you've
made more than a million dollars then it
makes sense but until then it's just a
matter of what type of app are you like
building anytime I'm building anything
userf facing, building a basic chatbot,
I'm always going for open AI. But if I'm
building any coding assistance, anything
that I feel like requires more agent,
especially with cloud for 4.0, I'm going
with Claude, right? And then Gemini is
like an all-star where like I you can
pretty much use it anywhere. They have
an image generator. They also have 2.5
Pro, which is a great coding assistant.
It's not as good as Claude 40, but it's
pretty up there. So this is how like I
sort of play it myself. Now for someone
who is a beginner at you know let's say
you're building some sort of automation
you want to pick pick an agent just go
with open AI just yeah just just go with
open AI almost always open AI should be
enough for you and I would go open AAI

[15:02]
enough for you and I would go open AAI
and Gemini claude is on the more
expensive side. I don't want people to
lose money. So I would almost go always
go with open AI and if you're really
like cost is a big thing then Gemini. So
that's kind of how I look at these
models. This is the spectrum I think of
in my mind.
Where do Perplexity and Grock come into
play for you if at all?
I'll be honest like
these models like these three just do it
well for me. Like I have not used Grock
in terms of the like the API. Now, I've
used Grock like to like answer tweets to
describe tweets and like that feature is
great, but it's never been like
compelling enough where like I wanted to
use it like I wanted to use the model.
Proplexity, if I'm going to be honest,
Open AI's like deep research
and search is just such a great product
that I used to use perplexity, but not
anymore. So, like I'm satisfied with
these tools, right? There isn't
something those tools do or those models

[16:00]
something those tools do or those models
do that is not here. Now, if one of them
launches a new model and it's
exceptional and it's well and it does
something better than these guys, guess
what? I'll move over. Right? Part of the
game is being able to know, okay, what's
out, what's popping, which one's doing
great, and then being able to move over,
right? Just because this is my set today
doesn't mean literally tomorrow won't
change. Because I will tell you before
cloud 4.0, I was literally using just
OpenAI Gemini. Cloud 3.7 was not good in
my opinion and it just felt like a waste
of money. So I literally stopped using
claw and it was just Gemini open AI. 4.0
dropped and I'm completely on the cloud
train now. Right. So part of the game is
being flexible and malleable to like all
the new tools coming out. Are there any
like lowhanging fruit ways that people
could make money with these tools that
whether that's building a rapper or
starting a like an agency or services
business, AI implementation, AI
automation implementation business?

[17:00]
automation implementation business?
What's top of mind for you nowadays?
Yeah, like actually I had an interesting
conversation at the office today and
someone was like we were talking about
like some of the new apps that have come
out and myself and a fellow engineer
were like yo like some of these things
are so easy to build. Again, talking
from an engineering mind, and we were
shocked that one of the companies we
were looking at raised so much money,
like I think upwards to like $10 million
for something that honestly would have
probably taken us maybe two to three
days to build, right? And someone who
was there said, you know, often times
because we're all in this tech bubble,
we feel like some of the stuff that's
normal to us isn't impressive to
somebody else, isn't valuable to
somebody else, and sometimes it just
takes popping out of that bubble. So I
say that to say the best opportunities
at least that I think right now are
those where you look outside of this
tech bubble, right? Because in this tech
bubble, look who you're competing with,
right? There are so many bright minds
and so many engineers and nontechnical

[18:02]
and so many engineers and nontechnical
people and technical people. This tech
bubble we're in is not the best place to
start, especially if you're a beginner.
Right? So if you are not a teenager and
you're an adult, you've had some
experience or you work a job, you've
been part of some industry, I would
literally start there. What are some
things in your industry, at your job, at
your office, or your company? What are
some workflows? What are some tasks?
What are some things that you dread? You
would be surprised how receptive people
would be if you solved problems that you
genuinely understood, right? Like let's
say for example, Chris, I'll throw out a
free idea. I really wanted to build an
AI bookkeeping app. Tax season is hell.
Keeping up with receipts is annoying. I
download all these apps, QuickBooks,
Zero, whatever. They mess everything up.
Everything is, you know, not organized
well. My rent transactions are
categorized as business. Like, it's a
mess, right? So, there's a lot of manual
and tedious work. And there was a part

[19:01]
and tedious work. And there was a part
of me, man, I wish this app existed and
maybe I should build it. But I didn't
build it. The reason why I didn't build
it cuz I'm not I'm not a bookkeeper. I'm
not an accountant. So, I would build
something surface level. And sure, it
would work for me, but imagine an actual
bookkeeper. An act imagine an actual
accountant, someone who's in the
trenches, who knows the pain points, who
knows the long tasks. I think if you are
that person, and I'm not saying you have
to be professional, I'm saying you just
have to have a job, literally. And I'll
talk to the folks who don't have a jobs
to the youngans for those people that is
the best place you should look. It's
terrible especially as a beginner to be
like what's the next like can I maybe
build a model or try to do like
something egregious and insane that's in
this tech bubble that there are
thousands of people who are in this
space daily building it. But if you're
someone who's nontechnical, who is
having fun using these apps, who's

[20:00]
having fun using these apps, who's
learned how to build, you know,
something cool with these tools, start
from industry in, right? Number one, the
best problems to solve are your own.
Number two, the best problems are to
solve are the ones that you're in that
industry, you're in that business,
you're in that like that to me is the
gold mine because you know the customer,
you have the customer, you work there,
you are there, you know the problems,
and you even know how to communicate,
right? Because building it is part one.
being able to market it is a whole
another behemoth on its own and you can
do that well if you're in that industry
right so I would start there my place my
job my people whatever that situation is
that you're familiar with solving those
problems solving for example I have a a
friend who works with works at a
pharmacy and he's having fun building
things forarmacies and it's not because
he's a super technical genius but it's
because he's worked inarmacies. He knows
how annoying billing is. He knows how
annoying like the software is that where

[21:01]
annoying like the software is that where
they register medication and all that
stuff. He also knows all the compliance
that's required, right? And these are
all boring problems for someone who's
not in that space to solve. But for
someone who's in the tech space to
solve, if you're stuck in that tech
bubble, what does solvingy's problems
sound like? It sounds boring, but that's
where the money is. If you can solve the
problems for a specific industry,
especially you're a part of, you're
golden.
I love it. I mean, even if you're you're
everyone's in an industry, but you're
having a hard time thinking of problems
in your industry. Ask Chad GPT like,
"Hey, I'm a pharmacist. I want to build
an app for other pharmacists. What are
some common pain points?" I would use
deep research for this. I would say, I
want you to go deep. like go to Reddit,
go to message boards, go to social
media, find all the gripes, all the the
negative tweets, all the complaints
about the pharmaceutical industry and
list them all out for me. It lists out
20. Okay, take the seven that you think
are most relevant. Paste those down and
say, "Okay, now I want 20 more that are
a lot more like these seven." So, you
can just keep refining it. Pretty soon,

[22:00]
can just keep refining it. Pretty soon,
you'll have 30 to 50 problems, and all
of them will ring true to you as someone
in the industry. And then you can say,
"Okay, I'm gonna use I'm gonna take the
top three and build rappers from these
three and distribute them to my friends
and co-workers just to test and play
around with and see what feedback I get
and then iterate from there, right?"
Yep. 100%. And I think like you you
mentioned like going back to actually
using AI to do the research, right?
So video is cool, but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week, stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales tkopod.com.
I've actually done something similar
where I go to church every Sunday. I
serve at a church. I teach at a church.
And you know, there's certain things
I've realized that I'm like, oh, like I
live in Canada as well. So, for example,
payments for a lot of charities like the
softwares are either terrible, the
percentage they charge is very, very

[23:00]
percentage they charge is very, very
high. and like you can't just use like
Stripe, you have to build a website and
stuff like that. So I was like, "Huh,
I'm going to build a payment solution
for my church." And I did that. If I
wanted to turn it into a business, I
could. I don't have time, but if I
wanted to, I could. But you see, and I
almost guarantee if I wanted to build
that business, it would do so well
because it's a problem I experienced and
I know the industry experience. I built
the solution and I'll price it much
fairer than the competition. It's just a
perfect formula. So I think starting
where you are and speaking to your
people and when I say your people I'm
not talking about race creed or anything
like that but I'm talking about people
in your industry in your business in
your line of work. I am telling you the
things that if you think in a tech
bubble mindset you'll always think ah
this is simple this is boring. But at
the end of the day first principles
people solve people pay to get their
problems solved. As long as you're
entertaining people or solving their
problems, you should be getting paid,

[24:01]
problems, you should be getting paid,
right? So that's how I think of things.
Don't be too tech inflated, I think
sticking it to your industry and the
problems in your space and solving that
is is a great way to start.
I like the back to your bookkeeping,
your AI app for bookkeeping. It reminds
me of Calai. And for those listening,
Calai is an app that basically said, "My
fitness pal has hundreds of millions of
users. It's a nine figure company or it
has $100 million plus of revenue. We're
just going to do that except AI first,
right? And that one sentence, that
oneliner, that model is like that, but
AI first, right? Instagram was like, oh,
Facebook, that's cool. How about mobile
first? Facebook pictures forward, mobile
first. We're not even going to have a
desktop site at all. We don't even worry
about that. and all these others other
apps in like the late 2000s early 2010s
that their whole model was just oh we're
going to take that website and do mobile
first an actual desktop version of this

[25:00]
first an actual desktop version of this
may never happen and that's fine so now
it's just like oh we're just going to do
that except AI first AI first and
foremost AI foundational so that could
be QuickBooks except AI first that could
be anything except AI first and
QuickBooks My Fitness Pal and all of
those they're going to integrate AI I
but it will they will never be AI first.
They'll never be built with AI first and
foremost. Right.
And one thing I would add to that too is
like a lot of the like the new apps like
Cali and stuff that you mentioned, they
have one big differentiator and this is
like I plan on making a video on this
and this is going to be a mo for a lot
of people and that's user experience.
How your app looks and feels. I'm
notorious for two things. If you know me
personally, my like IDE like the where
my where I write my code, I change the
theme every like two, three days.
Browsers I change every five or six. And
the reason being is I love the place
that I'm working or the apps that I'm
using or the sites that I'm using,

[26:00]
using or the sites that I'm using,
whatever I'm using, I want it to look
and feel nice. I say that to say that
most people most people most people most
people most people
if you focused on crafting a beautiful
and elegant user experience
that most of the time is almost enough
to do well. You have like for example
there are ticketing softwares like where
you can like use like you know you can
like let's say you're running an
engineering team and you need to track
like tickets and who's building what and
you assign task and stuff. There's stuff
like Jira for example. Jira has been
around for like as maybe as long as I
have and it's an ugly app.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's ugly. And but then you have
something like linear which basically is
Jira.
But look at that.
Which one do you
Jira except pretty that's their their
business model.
Pretty fast, right? Like they're very

[27:00]
Pretty fast, right? Like they're very
thoughtful with every single thing that
they do. And I think in a world where
everyone is saying, "Oh, AI is coming
for the devs. AI is coming for this."
The people who care about these little
things, right? how the app is crafted,
how the user experiences, the the
features, what makes things pop, what
makes someone want to just use their app
even when they don't need to. I think
those people win big. I think UX becomes
a moat. I call it the sauce. I think UX
becomes a moat where if you're someone
and homework for anyone who wants to do
this is I would collect sites and apps
that you wish you built. Not because
they made money. We'll worry about the
money stuff later. Yeah, made money, but
because it made you feel a special type
of way. For me, like I use linear and
every time I use it, I'm like, man, I
wish I built this.
Like, yeah, I wish I could put my face
on this and say, I built this. And
that's how I know software is good. So,
I think being able to craft and develop
a taste for how user experiences should
be, how apps should be, how sites should

[28:01]
be, how apps should be, how sites should
be, even as a non-technical person, can
be very fruitful. I actually think Chris
there's going to be a time where even
though the models are going to get
better that and this has happened for
years but I think it's going to happen
even more that a lot of nontechnical
people are going to hire are going to
partner up with technical people right I
think we're still going to enter we're
still going to be in a world where you
like devs are needed and will help
supercharge things but I think it comes
to a point where the non-technical
person will start to be valuable too if
they take these things into
consideration right but if you're Just
you go to some app and you're like,
"Build me."
No plan, no idea, no understanding.
Right? And again, this is not an excuse.
The excuse isn't, "Oh, I'm not a
technical person." You're not allowed to
say that anymore. You can literally go
on YouTube and learn whatever. You can
literally go chat GBT and learn
whatever. Right. So, say that to say we
live in a beautiful time.
Well, like they say, if you build it,

[29:01]
Well, like they say, if you build it,
they will come. And I think you would
say if you build it beautifully, they
will come, right? Like
I love beautiful apps.
They do it. I mean, look at it this way.
Let's say you're looking for a
co-working space in Canada. You go tour
two of them. You go into one and it's
like a little dirty. It's kind of gross
and there's no artwork on the walls and
it's just bare bones. You could tell
that they cheaped out. They didn't put
much thought into it. They just wanted
to get the max value per square foot as
possible. And they did some things to
kind of look nice, but you could just
tell, h this is nice. And in a vacuum,
if this were my only option, I'd
probably use this because I need a
co-working space. And then you go to the
next space next door and it's gorgeous
and it's there's indoor plants and
there's furniture from Restoration
Hardware. You're like, that's a $12,000
couch. I feel good in here. This is good
energy. Like, you're going to not just
choose that one, but you'll probably pay
twice as much to use that one. So,
everything I'm outlining is obvious.
Like, everyone would rather choose that
one. But we don't treat our software

[30:00]
one. But we don't treat our software
like that. We just throw out something,
our MVP, and then if it works, then we
leave it like that forever cuz if it's
not broke,
don't fix it.
But like look at Airbnb. They were
designed first from day one and it's a
hundred billion dollar company.
Like that was their whole strategy,
design,
right? We're going to have beautiful
design.
And I think I think it matters. I think
it matters more than ever. And like
unless
you are building something very
innovative and gamechanging,
maybe you can get away with having ugly
UI. But we're entering a time where the
expectations high. Like if I see a site
and it looks like it was made in 2005,
unless it's a government site or
whatever like or like some like you know
far like whatever like a hospital site
or whatever, there is no excuse, right?
because they they have like compliance
and all that stuff and or banking
whatever that's fine but any business
any SAS any startup like design is super

[31:01]
any SAS any startup like design is super
important so make sure that you know you
develop that taste and that craft and it
comes from you know looking at sites
that you like for example I can go on
the gum loop site and maybe if I you
know I like the little diagram they have
here and another thing you can do is
actually go to popular like frameworks
like for example there's magic UI like
this is like a component library like
you can see these different designs yeah
sure they're meant for developers but
again just being able to develop that
taste of like oh this this is a nice
animation right and then you have
obviously the creme de la creme apple
style like what's beautiful about Apple
why like what's their style oh you see
they have a specific font you see that
their spacing and the letters and bento
grid like
I actually spend a considerable amount
of time just doing this, admiring these
beautiful design, elegant user
experiences. There's another one. This
is a crypto startup, but nonetheless,
they're again

[32:01]
they're again
like a lot of people hate. I bet if you
went to this site and you just used it,
you'd feel a certain type of way, right?
So, I think these things become a mode
and you don't have to be a technical
person to develop this taste. And if
you're betting on the fact that the
models are going to get so good that
it'll be able to build stuff for you, I
think being able to develop the part of
you that can help guide the model to
build stuff like this is important,
right? And that through time, that comes
through building stuff and breaking it.
That comes through like, you know,
testing out all these tools. And I don't
hear anyone speaking this, but I highly
suggest make some friends that are
developers because I know everyone's
talking about, oh, developers are going
to get replaced, but I'm telling you,
you have you a couple of developer
friends that you keep around, you buy
them pizza every once in a while. It
once in a while. I am telling you, it
will yield results not only from
knowledge, but also from like, you know,
maybe you partner up together and build
stuff together or maybe they know of

[33:01]
stuff together or maybe they know of
tools that you don't know or maybe they
even answer or help things. It's like
the amount of like people that I know
who are like cousin of mine was vibe
coding and the tool he was using I'm
just couldn't get the API stuff down and
he like spent two three days. So guess
what I did Chris? I hopped in. I fixed
it for him. It was a 30-cond fix for me.
It's easy, right? I think and then he
continued to build his app, right? So
make some developer friends. I think
it'd be very helpful.
That's a good idea. When it comes to
beautiful design, do you know of any AI
tools out there where you can say, "Hey,
copy and paste this website or copy and
paste this app."
Unfortunately,
many of them will not give you a
onetoone copy. You will have to like
this is a workflow I would say if I were
to do that. So, step one is screenshot,
right?
Step two is obviously feed screenshot to
AI
to build. Again, whatever vibe code tool
you want to use it, it honestly at this

[34:01]
you want to use it, it honestly at this
point in terms of design doesn't like it
doesn't really matter. You'll start to
see that certain models have like
certain design tastes or like lean
certain ways.
That's kind of up to you to decide,
right? All of them. But you're going to
get a result. And the result is maybe
40% of what it actually looks like.
The way you get the 40%
to 100 is by going through every section
of the site that doesn't look pixel
perfect and telling it. So say for
example, I take a screenshot here,
right? Let's say I take a screenshot
here and let me just pull the screenshot
here and I drop this in the model. I
tell it make it look like this.
I almost can guarantee you it will not
it will get the layout down. It will get
product resources pricing customer blog
content contact get the buttons down.

[35:01]
content contact get the buttons down.
It'll get the text down but it won't get
it it'll mess up someplace. So what my
job is now is to go section by section
and start to tell it to fix it. So for
example, something that you might not
have noticed here. Look how rounded this
button is. This is not a square button,
right? Has a little bit of roundedness
to it. So what you're going to do is
you're going to you could screenshot
this again and then upload or you could
just tell it the buttons aren't the
same. Please round it more. So that's
one part you can fix. And then you can
maybe see that notice how there's a
gradient like it gets darker here,
right? It's not just white like it's
white then starts to grade and starts to
get darker and darker, right? You start
you have to pinpoint each section where
it does not look perfect
and then make it perfect by telling it.
Now here's advice that might sound
counterintuitive,
but hear me out. If you're building
something,
and I used to say this, and I'll explain

[36:02]
and I used to say this, and I'll explain
why I used to say this, but I'm going to
say the opposite. If you're building
something, I think the landing page
should be the last thing you should
focus on. I think design should have its
own time. If you're thinking about
design and features at the same time,
especially as a nontechnical person, I
wouldn't do it. I think design deserves
its own time. I used to tell people
build a landing page first. And I think
for very very beginner people, I will
say that. And the reason why I say that
is the dopamine, right?
It's momentum.
Yeah. It's moment. It's like you get the
landing page done and it just feels
great. It's exciting. Like you you have
this dopamine rush. It helps you, you
know, to keep going. But if you're on
the discipline side, you've done this
before. This isn't your first rodeo. I
would start to build, you know, the
stuff that you're actually trying to
build. And then you could put the
landing page on top and focus on design,
right? But if you're a complete
beginner, you know, start with your
landing page, get the dopamine hit, get
excited. But I would not start with the

[37:01]
excited. But I would not start with the
design first unless I have no idea what
I'm building and I just want to have a
nice landing page.
Yeah. Beautiful. Two questions. Number
one, can you explain in two sentences
what MCP is and why people should care
about it? The simple phrase I've been
hearing is the USBC
for LLMs.
Okay?
Meaning like my the new iPhones have
USBC, my MacBook has USBC, that person's
Android has USBC, right? We all can same
use the same charger, we all can share
the same SSD drive, right? It makes it
easy for all these different devices to
use that external functionality. In the
same way, what MCP allows you is it
allows for LLMs to easily access
external services, right? So, for
example, linear, right? Linear is a
ticketing tool, right? Let's say I have
an LLM here, right? It could be Claude,
it could be whatever. And I have linear.

[38:02]
it could be whatever. And I have linear.
I have linear over here. Now, if I want
my LLM to have access to Linear
without MCP, let's just say MCP doesn't
exist, I would have to go to Linear's
API documentation, right? I would have
to learn how their documentation works
and then I would have to basically write
some code and I have to assuming I have
some backend I'd have to write some code
to connect to Linear's API. Not
difficult but what happens when you have
20 different things you want to connect
with
20 different APIs documentation not
everything is the same it gets very
annoying. MCP is a standard where
thirdparty services like linear will
follow a specific rule set on how to
build their MCP server and the LLM aka
the MCP client knows exactly how to

[39:00]
the MCP client knows exactly how to
connect to these servers, right? It's
like the USB port. So the LLM have the
USB port. Linear and all these third
party tools are building their product
with a USB C in it. So it's easy to
connect and plug in, right? And for most
people, this might not sound like a big
deal because again, there are still LLMs
that connect to APIs, but from a
production standpoint, from building out
these robust, like if we ever wanted a
Jarvis, right, like an Iron Man where
you tell the assistant, oh, fetch my
email, contact this person, make sure to
close this ticket and all that stuff. To
build it without something like MCP,
it's a very robust job. Now, MCP isn't
perfect. There's still a lot of caveats
and stuff like the anthropic team and
stuff are figuring out, but it's to say
that it's a standard for LLMs and it
means that we're going to be living in a
world where the LLMs will essentially
have access to anything that has an MCP
server, which at this point is almost

[40:00]
server, which at this point is almost
every third party SAS service out there.
Okay. Okay. Last question. Is it worth
someone trying to learn how to use MP
MCPS and NAND or 8020 of it is learn how
to use Lindy and Gum Loop and Zapier and
you're good to go or do you think it's
worth taking that extra time?
Okay, so my advice is different for
different people. If you don't have a
lot of time on your hands and you maybe
have one or two hours a day, I would
just be an avid user of these LLMs,
right? use chat GBT before you Google
it. Maybe chat GBT at first, right? Get
into that habit of using those tools.
But if you are someone like maybe you
don't have four kids and you don't have
this big family that you have to take
care of. I understand not everyone has
the time. So I want to be understanding
that. But if you have all the time, you
work 9 to5 and after five you're free.
Use everything. Learn everything. Maybe
you'll like something, maybe you won't.
Right? just listening to what I think
you should learn is pointless because

[41:01]
you should learn is pointless because
literally as soon as this episode airs
tomorrow, one of the tools might launch
a crazy update and maybe everything I've
said changes. The one thing that I want
people to take from this is we're
entering a time, we're entering a new I
don't want to sound cliche and say
industrial revolution, but we're
entering a time where things are
changing and being part of the change
means learning everything. Some of it
will fail. Most of it will fail. Some of
it will succeed. But the knowledge, the
experience,
they can never take that away from you.
So yeah, use all the tools, learn all
the tools, you know, use the heck out of
all the free trials. A lot of these
tools have free trials. Take advantage
of all of that. And most importantly,
have fun learning, right? I think when
you're having fun, you're not working.
When you're having fun, it's not work.
And when it's not work, you can do it
continuously, right? So that's the
biggest advice I would give to people.
Have fun building using these tools.

[42:01]
Have fun building using these tools.
Man, that was beautiful. Thank you,
Mike. I appreciate that. It was amazing.
Where can we find you?
Yeah, so I'm on X at Rasmiki. I can
maybe pop it up here. You can find me
here. I troll every now and then. I also
have a YouTube channel where I talk
about dev, non-dev stuff. Obviously,
Chris, I really appreciate you bringing
me on here. It was a pleasure and hope
people learned something.
Of course. Thank you. All right. What'
you think?