[00:00]
Would you believe that a high school teacher
turned a few grand into a business that
generates over a quarter million dollars
per year, turning used hot tubs like these
that other people were throwing away into
treasure? And here's what's even crazier.
He's not even in the top three of the most
profitable hot tub niche businesses that
I'm about to show you. And here's the thing,
nobody's talking about the businesses around
the businesses because the hot tub industry is
over $5 billion a year and growing like crazy.
So, come with me real quickly while I show you
the top five businesses I would love to start in
the hot tub niche. I've got case studies. I've
got receipts. And all of these can be started
with very little money. Then, after I show you my
five favorite ideas, starting with number five,
I'm going to show you how I would start
all of these with every tool, growth hack,
and strategy. So, let's dive in. The funny thing
about this business is that the opportunity is
not in the hot tub industry itself. It's
in what happens after someone buys a hot
tub because that's where all of the approachable
and affordable businesses are because who's going

[01:01]
to start a hot tub manufacturing business. So,
let's get into number five, hot tub inspection
services. See, a lot of times when someone buys a
house with a hot tub, the inspector just skips it
because it's not his specialty. You see, home
inspectors know a little about a lot. They're
not going to be able to granularly diagnose
something that's happening with a hot tub,
especially if it's problematic. That's why there's
a market for roofing inspectors, foundation, HVAC,
electrical, niche inspection services when the
cost of something going wrong with that thing in
your house or investment property is very, very
high and the cost of inspecting it is relatively
low. A lot of times on these home inspections, the
inspector will literally write something like hot
tub excluded from inspection, like what? You're
going to take that $3 to $10,000 asset and just
exclude it? Well, of course he is, cuz it's not
a specialty and that's not what he's getting paid
to do. So, I found this company online called
Jersey Hot Tub Services, and they're a great
case study on how to start a business like this
because it's exactly what they do. They charge
200 bucks for a standalone hot tub inspection, 40
to 75 bucks for an add-on to a home inspection,

[02:02]
and if they're inspecting a hot tub alongside a
pool, they'll charge 500 bucks, which isn't a lot
less than what people might charge for an entire
home inspection. So, yeah, this could be a great
add-on for someone already inspecting homes. it
could be in a good addition to their revenue, but
I think you should piggyback with home inspectors
so they can sub this out to you. So, they approach
the homeowner or the real estate agent and say,
"Hey, my normal fee for a home inspection is
$800. I see you have a hot tub, but I don't cover
hot tubs cuz it's not my specialty. So, for an
extra $400, I can make sure that that hot tub is
inspected." And then they can take that $400, give
300 of it to you, and keep 100 of it as a referral
fee. That way, your incentives are aligned and you
can ensure that they will send you the maximum
amount of referrals. I found this Reddit post
from a guy that reportedly bought a house and the
inspector wrote on there, "Hot tub in general,
good working condition." He closes on the house.
He goes to use the hot tub. Boom. It's broken.
$4,000 in repairs. It had a dead pump and a
cracked shell. And I'm sure that the homeowner
would have gladly paid an extra 2 to 400 bucks
to get that thing actually inspected. Here's what

[03:03]
you're going to pay for materials to do stuff like
this. You'll need a test kit for 250 bucks. You'll
need a GFCI checker for 50 bucks, some basic
tools for about 200 bucks, and all in you're
in at about 500 bucks. Of course, there's going
to be other unexpected expenses that come up,
but this is a good starting point. I think a
perfect way to launch this business would be
to partner with real estate agents because they're
touching multiple properties on a regular basis.
When we first launched our tree trimming business,
that is where we got all of our leads from, real
estate agents, because people needed tree trimming
services before or after they bought a house. I
don't know why hot tubs are any different. I think
the buyer in this case is more incentivized to get
an inspection than the seller, but both parties
should have need for your services, especially if
the incentives are aligned like we talked about
in the scenario with the general home inspector.
All right, my fourth favorite business in this
industry might surprise you. Hot tub covers. Okay,
hear me out on this one. I found this story
of this inspiring guy named Babul. He came to
America with $10 in his pocket and he started
as just a pool tech in Florida making10 or $15

[04:03]
an hour. Pretty soon, he noticed that all of these
hot tub covers sucked. They got water logged. They
fell apart. They didn't fit right. So, all the way
back in 1991, he saved up $1,200 to buy a sewing
machine. Now, hear me out, cuz I don't think you
should buy a sewing machine to start this, but
it's a good starting point. He was working from a
garage with no AC, and he got his first order for
$87.50, and he said it was the best moment of his
life. And he was literally just handmaking better,
stronger, higher quality hot tub spa covers.
Today, that same company, Ocean Spa Covers,
is a multi-million dollar business manufacturing
thousands of these spa covers on a monthly basis
with a two to three week turnaround time. Then,
in 2009, he bought an industrial cutting machine,
which brought his production time down from 1
hour to 10 minutes per cover. But with all the
tools that exist today that didn't exist back in
1991, I think you could start this without needing
a garage with no AC and sewing machine skills
and all that stuff. Here's exactly what I'd do.
I would use some AI design tools like Canva, VO3,
Sora, Grock, you name it, to generate some images

[05:06]
of some polarizing spa covers, anything political
or religious, anything that you wouldn't talk
about at your Thanksgiving. So, here's how this
works. I make you free videos. I actually know
what I'm talking about. I have no greasy sales
pitch at the end. And if you implement what I
talk about, you'll make a lot more money and have
a better life. And all I ask for in return is that
you hit the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell, just like that. Thank you.
And then I'd watch my free 50-minute video
called Facebook ads for noobs. And I'd learn
how to run some Facebook ads just to run some
tests. I want to get my LTV to CAC ratio, which
stands for lifetime value to customer acquisition
cost ratio to about 5:1. Which means I want to be
able to find customers for about a fifth of what I
could sell those products for. If I need to give a
$100 to Mark Zuckerberg to get me a conversion on
my Shopify site, then that better be a $500 hot
tub cover. See, these custom hot tub covers can
retail from $300 to $1,000 plus. And the thing

[06:02]
is about these covers, they need replacing every
four to 5 years. So, you have a built-in recurring
revenue model. Yes, it is hard to stay top of
mind over a 5year time span, but as long as you
capture their email and/or phone number, it's
possible. So, I would generate about 10 to 20
designs with Chat GBT. I would go to Shopify, get
a free theme, 39 bucks a month. This is not an ad,
and build a website to put these 10 to 20 designs.
And then I'd push Facebook ads towards all of
them. And the ads that have the lowest cost per
click I would start putting more budget towards or
just let the Facebook algorithm do its trick. And
then I would go to China, Alibaba or Ali's Express
and I would start getting these manufactured
one by one where the manufacturer can ship it
directly to the consumer. That way you don't have
to come out of pocket beforehand. So you sell the
thing for let's say $500. Let's say your cost is
$250. You say 3 week turnaround time. You collect
the money. You send it to China. They print the
thing in a week or two. They ship it directly to
your customer, you're in business. Well, there'll
be headaches, problems, wrong sizes, misprints,

[07:02]
defects, 100%. But at least you're not in the
logistics and fulfillment business having to get
a warehouse to store all these things. The days
of easy drop shipping are long gone. that you can
still do a hybrid model where you do a lot of leg
work yourself but still outsource the logistics
of this whole process to the Chinese manufacturers
which are used to shipping directly to the states,
Europe, Latin America, etc. I found another case
study. This guy's name is David. He started a
business called spa covers.com and 19 years
old and his whole competitive advantage was
that his competitors were shipping in four weeks.
He shipped in two weeks. That's it. They weren't
better quality. They were just delivered faster to
the customer. He started by strapping these covers
to the roof of his Honda Accord. All right, for
my third favorite business in this industry, hot
tub moving and relocation. So, if you're listening
to this, you can't see me, but if you're watching,
you'll see that I'm walking around a cabin in
northern Idaho. I'm at an Airbnb, and about
2 hours ago, I don't believe in coincidences. I
was sitting here thinking of what type of content
could I make about hot tubs because I have a
hot tub here in this Airbnb. And I thought,

[08:02]
"Oh, I need to I need to make one about hot tub
cleaning services or hot tub moving services."
And I kid you not, I'm on my MacBook planning
out this video and a van pulls up and these two
teenage girls get out and I'm like, "What? What
is going Are these the cleaners? I'm here for
three more days. Someone got something wrong." And
they go straight around the back and they start
cleaning the hot tub. And so I went out the back
and I said, "Hey, what are you doing cleaning the
hot tub?" "Oh, do you mind if I interview you
about your business?" And they're like, "Well,
it's my dad's business." They probably thought I
was a serial killer or something, but they were
super cool and they said, "Yeah, ask away." So I
started picking their brain about their business
and they do two major revenue lines. Hot tub
cleaning primarily for Airbnbs that are managed
by large property managers and then hot tub
moving where their customers are spa companies,
hot tub companies, retailers that need these
things moved. They need old ones moved out of
their customers homes and they need the new ones
moved like lifted up onto the bed of a flatbed
and into the backyard. They don't want to be in
the delivery of the logistics business. So, they

[09:02]
hire this guy's company to move them. I just love
it because it's two completely separate revenue
lines in the same niche industry. So, that's my
number three here. Hot tub moving services. This
one's kind of interesting because most people
have no idea that if you move a hot tub wrong,
it can cause thousands of dollars worth of damage.
And regular movers refuse to touch these things.
And for good reason. Like, look at this. Look
at this thing. Look at this freaking thing right
here. How would I ever move that without a crane
or a forklift or a flatbed? But before you get
turned off by how expensive that equipment is that
I just referenced, there's always a cheaper way, a
more creative way of testing the viability of this
concept before going all in on heavy equipment.
Once again, I found a case study. This guy's
name is Charles. He's in Quebec and he started
as a regular household mover. And then he noticed
something interesting. He noticed that some of his
competitors, a lot of times when he started the
process of helping someone move and they had a hot
tub and he couldn't do it, he would call one of
his competitors, but they were niche competitors.
they only did hot tubs and say, "Hey, I got
this hot tub that needed moved." He's charging,

[10:01]
say, $750 for a move. And the hot tub guys would
charge $750 or $900 to move just the hot tub. So,
he started scratching his head thinking, "What
am I doing? Where did I go wrong?" It's one of
those moments where it's like, "I'm in the wrong
business." And that got him down this rabbit hole
of hot tub moving businesses. So, he gently,
slowly pivoted. And that's the thing about
pivoting. A lot of times we think of pivoting
a business as a hard pivot. It's like, "Okay,
I'm going all in. and I'm burning the boats.
I'm calling all of my customers in the moving
business and saying, "I don't do moving anymore.
I only do hot tub moving." That's not what a pivot
usually looks like. A pivot is usually gradual
and slow. And it's like how you start talking to
your customers in a different way. So, let's say
you get an inbound call and they're like, "Hey,
how much is your move?" yada yada yada. They're
asking all the same questions. And then you ask,
"Do you have a hot tub?" Whereas before, you never
would have asked that. I do actually. Who's going
to move it? Oh, I'm talking to this one guy. They
quoted 500. I We can do it. we can do it for 450.
That's what a pivot in business usually looks
like. It's more related to how you're talking

[11:01]
to your customers or your employees. You're just
kind of putting out feelers. At least that's the
smart way of doing a pivot in my opinion.
So that's what he did. But he also started
buying these or getting paid to take them cuz if
you go look at Facebook Marketplace right now,
you'll see people giving away their hot tubs
because it's a liability. A lot of times
they're broken. They're selling the home. The
new buyer says, "Hey, yeah, I'll buy that home,
but I don't want the hot tub. Get rid of it." So,
they're paying hundreds of dollars to get rid of a
hot tub that might need a new $100 pump or $200
cover. That's what this guy started learning.
That's why I always preach, chase all those shiny
objects. Chase the rabbits. You'll never know what
you might come up with. Today, that guy's business
is a full-fledged operation. It's called CK
Spas. He's got great initials. And it's a retail
operation, but it started as a moving operation,
which is an interesting pivot. So, he went from
house mover to hot tub mover to hot tub flipper
on Facebook Marketplace to full-fledged hot
tub retail operation. According to his story,
the average hot tub move is $600. The average
time it takes to complete this move is 2 to three

[12:01]
hours. So, five moves per day would be $2,500
per day. Most of your costs are overhead that
stays fixed no matter how much you scale. And
the net profit to the owner, depending on how
much help they're getting, averages between 35 and
45%. And like the founder of 1800 Got Junk said,
as long as pianos weigh 800 plus pounds, we
will always have a business. So I would say,
as long as these things weigh thousands of pounds
when full of water, there will always be business
opportunities in this niche. I found another
company in Houston, Big Beard Movers. They charge
500 bucks to move hot tubs with an additional
per mile rate if it's over 75 miles away.
I found another company called Utah Tub and Spa
Movers that run three crews and book 6 to eight
moves every day at 350 to 650 each. Their 2024
revenue was over $4 million from moving freaking
hot tubs. And how many people you think are
thinking about competing against these guys
on any given day versus the average landscaping
or roofing company? Until this video/ podcast,

[13:00]
no one. Now, the costs are a little higher for
this business. You're going to need what's called
a spa dolly. Those cost $3 to $5,000, but you
can get them financed. Insurance will be about
three grand a year. Straps and equipment will be
an extra $1,000 or so. All in, this is going to
be about 10 grand to start this business. But
like all the other businesses I talk about,
you can validate this business before buying all
this stuff. You can post Facebook marketplace ads
for your moving services, Google ads, Facebook
ads, posting in Facebook groups organically.
But next, let's talk about number two, my second
favorite business in this niche, which is the hot
tub rental business. So listen to this teacher.
This guy's name is Steve Nadraia. He lives in Long
Island and he's a high school teacher. He used to
make 10 grand every summer working as a lifeguard,
but he wanted to replace that with something
better. Okay, quick pause. What if you had an
employee who worked 24/7 answering leads,
building funnels, tracking conversions,
and you didn't even have to pay them a salary?
Well, that's exactly what you get with Highle's
new AI employee. And right now, they're giving you
30 days free as part of their summer of AI promo.

[14:03]
And after that, it's just 97 bucks a month. Way
less than you'd ever pay a human. And it doesn't
even ask for lunch breaks or vacation time.
So check out the link in the description below
and let AI handle all the grind for you. So what
was his solution? To buy three used hot tubs for
$6,500. He rents them out. For a weekend rental,
he charges between $200 and $400 depending on the
model. Weekly is $2.69 and monthly is $4.99.
So yes, after just a couple months, depending
on the season, his cost on these used hot tubs is
fully paid off. Here's where it gets crazy. He now
has over 25 used hot tubs that he rents out. Even
at 50% capacity, he makes 12 to 15 grand a month
in revenue. After delivery and chemicals, he's
netting 7 to $9,000 per month while still teaching
full-time. He didn't even quit his gig. Think
about why this works. People will pay $200 to
$400 for a bouncy house for one day. Why not pay
$200 to $400 for a hot tub for the whole weekend?
Especially if you're able to split that cost
between four to eight different adults. Maybe you

[15:01]
rented an awesome Airbnb that for whatever reason
doesn't have a hot tub. That's not a bad price.
It's a good value proposition. So, let's compare
this to say buying a rental property that might
net you 9 to 11% per year. Even one single tub at
50% capacity would net you over $10,000 a year,
which is well over 50% return on investment
every single year. Steve and his wife run
the whole operation. She handles scheduling. He
handles deliveries. It's not sexy, but the numbers
are insane. And guess who dominates the search
results for Long Island hot tub rentals? Steve,
he was first mover. What's stopping you from being
the first mover in your local market? Speaking of,
time for number one, my favorite business idea
in the random hot tub niche is a Airbnb hot tub
cleaning/maintenance service. This is my friend
Austin. He's on Twitter. He has a land clearing
business in Colorado. And one day he thought,
"This business is pretty seasonal. how can I stay
busy during the winter months? And so he started
a hot tub maintenance business, only marketing to

[16:02]
Airbnb property owners. So Austin said he only
spent 750 bucks to build his website. And this
was 3 years ago. You could spend almost nothing to
build that same website today with AI. And then he
only spent a couple hundred bucks for his LLC. And
his first month's monthly recurring revenue over
$2,000. So yes, more than all of his startup costs
were recouped in the first few months. In addition
to his recurring maintenance revenue, some of
his service calls are over $900. Not recurring,
but still onetime $900 service call with no paid
ads, just inherent demand in his local market
is nothing to scoff at. He spent about $1,000 in
chemicals to get started and he was in business.
And then I found this guy on Reddit who lived
in a different mountain town. He paid 30 bucks
for a logo, 250 bucks for a generic like service
contract, which today Chad GPT could do for free,
and he spent I think it was $220 on hoses and
chemicals. His first month, he posted in a local

[17:03]
Facebook group, landed three clients, and cleared
over $3,000 in net profit from, yes, one Facebook
post in a local group. And these aren't like
pie in the sky hypothetical scenarios. Maybe
try this and you get that. Like this, these are
real case studies. And I'm always talking about
posting in local Facebook groups. It's the lowest
of lowhanging fruit. And the same guy on Reddit by
month seven, he was getting multiple quotes every
day. And he knew that in his local market within a
25 mile radius, he had over 1,700 different hot
tubs that he could service. That was his TAM,
his total addressable market. And here's how he
did his pricing. $45 to $65 for a weekly chemical
balance. $199 for a drain and fill. monthly
maintenance plans for $100 every month. So,
if you crunch the numbers on that, at 40 hot tubs
per week, he's grossing seven to $8,000 per month.
And then this guy in Chicago named Davis, he
built a hot tub maintenance service company only
for Airbnbs. He's 3 years in and he has over 100
units under management and over a million dollars

[18:06]
of annualized revenue with 17 employees all done
in three years. And his like secret sauce is a
couple automations. Zapier plus Slack, $30 a month
in software, nothing too special or proprietary.
He guarantees Airbnb level cleanliness, and he
buys his chemicals in bulk. And I just love this
business. This is why it's my number one because
of the recurring revenue aspect and the alignment
of incentives. You see, Airbnbs like this one
I'm staying in today. I'm in Island Park, Idaho,
are able to charge between $40 and $100 more
per night if they have a hot tub. What's more,
even if they're not able to charge more per
night, they have to have a hot tub in markets
like these because all of their competing Airbnbs
have hot tubs. So, at 20 nights rented per month,
that's an extra $1 to $2,000 per month in
booking income because of that hot tub. So,
yes, it's worth paying a little money every month
to get that thing cleaned out and maintained on a

[19:02]
regular basis because normal Airbnb cleaners
have no idea how to do it. It's not in their
wheelhouse. They can't wrap their heads
around it. It's a separate business entirely.
And then this other business, Spa Service Company
in Vermont, they do 30 to 40 hot tubs a day,
4 days a week. They charge 45 to $65 per week in
the summer and 65 to75 per week in the winter. So
if you do the math, that's $9 to $10,000 per week
in revenue in Vermont of all places. So here's how
I would start these businesses. You already know
what I'm going to say. Start with the cheap, the
lowhanging fruit for cheapos like me, like local
Facebook groups. Remember, every town, every city,
every neighborhood has multiple Facebook groups.
You will never run out of them. And yes, a lot of
the Facebook groups are garbage. Maybe even 80
plus%. You got to sift through all those. It's
worth your time. A lot of them are overrun with
spam. You will find comments that are just ads.
There's no likes. There's no comments. There's no
administration, no moderating. Ignore those. Find

[20:00]
the 10 to 20% that are gold. Spend all your time
in there and ignore everything else. Pick one of
these five niches that I just talked about or pick
all five of them at once and just start posting,
putting out feelers, talk to people, post polls,
post Instagram polls. What is their demand for?
Maybe there's no demand for covers and a ton of
demand for moving or vice versa. Maybe there's a
lot of demand for repairs, which you weren't
even posting about, but you learn about that
through your posting. Ask Airbnb owners, what
are you missing in your systems and processes?
What is breaking? Is a hot tub cleaning, your
cover, repairs, maintenance, moving, balancing
the pH levels? Do you even have hot tubs? Maybe
they don't. Maybe you're in a colder climate. You
assume they have hot tubs and you learn they don't
and there's not an opportunity there. That's okay.
At least you know before launching anything. Be
honest with everyone. Be upfront. Say, "Listen,
I'm just feeling this out at this stage. I can't
promise you I'm going to be the cheapest or the
highest quality, but I can promise you I will
always answer my phone. I will be fast. I will
be honest. And I will stand behind all of
my work. If you're willing to learn with me,
then I promise I will be the best vendor in your
rolodex. And yes, you have to get a solid Google

[21:05]
business profile set up. Do that yesterday.
Lots of pictures, videos, fivestar reviews,
put your hours, link your website, do your first
jobs for free if that's what it takes to get your
testimonials. Clean website. Use something like
Bolt, Replicable, Windsurf to build one of these
websites with just a few prompts. Don't overthink
the website. One page is plenty. Contact us.
phone number, form, email, services, pricing.
Don't incorporate first. Find your customers
first. Once you find customers, and you're sure
this is going to be a thing, use something like
Bizzy to incorporate. I like Busy because going
directly through the states websites is a terrible
experience, horrible user interface. You will
pay a premium to Bizzy for them to do it for you,
but you get a better experience in the process.
And yes, you can get a discount if you use my
referral link in the show notes. Quick question.
What if there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only

[22:00]
for business starters and business builders. It's
called TK Owners and it's basically like having
me and a hundred other business geniuses as your
business partner, but you give them 0% equity.
Also, there's going to be exclusive new trends,
growth hacks, business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about. You'll find
thousands of startup case studies. You'll have
weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll answer
your questions directly. You'll be in my Slack
channel where I'm hanging out every week and
helping members one-on-one. We've got exclusive
guest speakers, including some names that you'll
recognize. And if you're building something cool,
I'll introduce you to anyone you need. TK Owners
is the fastest way to plug into a smart, ambitious
group of builders and accountability partners that
are sharing wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an energy drink
per day. You can join now at tkowners.com. Link
in the show notes. Try offering 50% off for your
first jobs for a photo testimonial or Amazon gift
cards for referrals. But just think about it this
way. One home, one Airbnb customer, one short-term

[23:00]
rental customer could be worth thousands or
tens of thousands of dollars over the course of
months and years. So treat them well. Spend up to
find them. Don't over buy your materials or your
chemicals. Under buy. You're going to get excited.
You're going to get caught up. You're going to get
shop happy. Don't start lean. Start small. Track
every single expense in Google Sheets. Don't
worry about getting a business bank account until
you're up and rolling. Use your personal account,
but separate the expenses in a Google sheet. Only
upgrade to QuickBooks or Zero once you're rolling.
Pay up for insurance. It's going to cost 2 to
three grand a year. I did a little digging and
it's not that hard to find a company that will
offer insurance in any of these five niches. Use
Facebook ads to directly market to people that
are vacationing or to people that are about to
visit an area. Yes, you can do that with Facebook.
That would be a perfect strategy for this hot tub
rental business. Now, I have another idea. Go up
to an Airbnb owner and say, "Hey, I see you don't
have a hot tub. A lot of your competitors do. Why
is that?" Get their answer. yada yada yada. Then
say, "Listen, how about for the month of December,
you advertise your property as having a hot tub.

[24:03]
See if bookings pick up from last year or see if
bookings stay the same with a higher price from
last year. Ask the people that book, is it because
of the hot tub, did the hot tub play a role?
If so, then you know it's going to be worth
renting this hot tub from me or buying a hot
tub from me or buying a hot tub from any company
and using me to maintain or service it. That way,
the data can do the speaking and the selling for
you, and you don't have to try to convince them.
That way, they can see if having a hot tub
in their Airbnb actually nets them more money
before they have to spend money. Speaking more
broadly, remember this about AI. I love AI. 30,
40, 50% of my content is about AI in some way cuz
I'm following it and I'm building with it. But the
more that we see the rise of businesses built and
grown with AI, the more that we're going to see a
high demand to start non AI businesses, sweaty
startups, startups that don't rely on AI, AI is
not going to lift that hot tub off the deck. It's
never going to do that. At least not for a while.
The more you see these hustling, enterprising
entrepreneurs chasing AI ideas, the more demand

[25:02]
they will be to start these nonAI ideas. And if
the level of demand for hot tub services stays
steady or rises and the level of supply of people
offering these services stays steady or drops,
then the prices you can charge will go up and up
and up and the chance you will have of succeeding
at one of these businesses will go up and up
and up. So, let me know in the comments which
one of these five businesses you prefer or like
or plan to start and maybe I'll do a much deeper
follow-up on one of the five, whichever one gets
the most comments. Thanks for hanging out with me
on the Kerner office. Please be sure to subscribe,
share with a friend. and we'll see you next time.