[00:00]
business is relatively easy if you use
common sense.
&gt;&gt; What's your playbook for turning a truck
and a phone into a sellable asset that's
just cash flowing nicely?
&gt;&gt; My roofing company like we don't have a
truck. We only have the phone because
we're just marketing
&gt;&gt; and you sub out all your work in the
roofing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sub out the work. Yeah, that's
what we do. We don't even need the
truck. I've always went and sold it
first without having the product. Go
sell it first. Having fake Facebook
accounts is a very valuable thing.
&gt;&gt; I agree.
&gt;&gt; Like insanely valuable.
&gt;&gt; I had a company that did 9.8 million its
first 90 days and It was 100% through
organic Facebook marketplace post
&gt;&gt; business for me was a cure of my anxiety
cuz like there is always something to
work on.
&gt;&gt; If you had to start from zero tomorrow,
what business would you start?
&gt;&gt; I'm very optimistic. I'm probably one of
the most optimistic people you'll meet,
but I'm not optimistically stupid, you
know? And what that means is like
&gt;&gt; the reality is I don't know. And I don't
know. So because I don't know, I'm gonna
take precautions. And it's like jumping
into a pool of water. We don't know if

[01:00]
into a pool of water. We don't know if
it's 3 ft deep or if it's 33 feet deep.
So, I'm confident I can jump into water,
but I'm not confident of the depth of
the water.
&gt;&gt; Oh, what a good analogy. And just to get
all the listeners caught up to speed, I
asked a question right before I hit
record. He has two gyms. He's opening
his third. And I said, "Do you think
it's going to do better? Your third one
will do better than the other two." So,
&gt;&gt; so yeah, I I mean, I'm confident I can
build a gym and I'm confident the area
is very good. So to try to answer your
question best the area of fluency wise
you know they have definitely have more
money good market good people yes we'll
do better there however are two other
gyms in that area I'm very confident
that we are better than both those gyms
because I've been to them I've seen them
I've got the feedback from the community
those gyms suck yes we will do better
than them so maybe in the short term we
won't be as successful because I have to
put those other two out of business
first but once we do then I think they
actually should be more successful than
the other two.
&gt;&gt; I want to get back to like four

[02:00]
&gt;&gt; I want to get back to like four
different things you just said. But
before I do, is there anything strategic
you do when opening a gym to like
specifically steal customers for your
competitors? Or do you just build a
great product and service and wait for
them to come?
&gt;&gt; So funny because I feel like there is so
much we have to talk about and two add
people are bad together. We need we need
a mediator.
&gt;&gt; Look, I always say business is
relatively easy if you use common sense.
And one of our competitors in our
hometown, our first gym opened up, they
were closed on Sundays. And I'm like,
that's absolutely stupid. You know, like
like, okay, easy. We had show your ID
Sundays. So if you showed your ID from
any other gym in the area on a Sunday,
you could work at our gym for free.
&gt;&gt; And within a month, that guy was out of
business. It made no sense, you know? So
these people who wanted to work out
Sunday had no place to go. Listen to
your market. They want to work out on
Sunday. Hey, you better open your ass up
or guess what? You're going to be done.
And so, yeah, that was a an easy way to
steal them. As far as going into we

[03:02]
steal them. As far as going into we
always kind of I was very selective on
where we went. I'm not kind of on the
topic of like, you know, diving in the
head first into water. I don't know. I'm
not going to go like sit next to a Plan
Fitness. Like, I don't know if we're
that good yet, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I would just stay away from like an
angry dog. I don't know what they're
going to do. So, I like to go into these
markets where I know the gym's already
there and I know that we could beat
them. So, there was a Anytime Fitness
down the road from our second location.
The word on the street was this gym was
just poorly run, not update on
equipment. So, we just go there and work
gets out real fast. Actually, you'll
like this one. This is funny. Work gets
out real fast in today's day and age.
So, if as long as you put out a good
product, I don't think there's any
reason that you have to do anything
special. People will talk, especially in
like gym communities, like they talk to
friends who go to other gyms and they'll
eventually, you know, pull their way
through the years.
&gt;&gt; I interviewed a guy, episode 58, that
opens laundromats, and he will only open
at an intersection that already has two

[04:00]
at an intersection that already has two
to four other laundromats, assuming that
they're garbage and old school and just
run down, which they almost always are,
cuz he knows that the local community is
already in the behavior of getting their
laundry done at that intersection. And
he always always steals the majority of
the market. I love it. Yeah, that's a
great idea. But the key words are he
picks a rundown laundromat, right? He's
not going against someone like himself
because that would be a problem there.
Going against a planet fitness is not
going against a rundown laundromat. You
know, there's a big difference there.
But this is funny like you I know you
love marketing too. So this was a my
recent like marketing ploy. I have some
land next to the first gym that just
kind of vacant land. We could develop it
for whatever. We have not figured out
what we want to do with it yet. I
usually like to travel around like to
different cities and stuff like that to
see like what they have then bring them
back to our area. There's a joke that
like if the world ended today, it would
take two years to end in northeastern
Pennsylvania because like we like if an
asteroid hit Texas, we wouldn't know it
for a while.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because that's just how things are.

[05:00]
&gt;&gt; Because that's just how things are.
Which makes it
&gt;&gt; that's nice actually.
&gt;&gt; You see? Is it nice? Right. So there's
this dynamic and I always the optimism
in me always plays to your side of it
which is oh my god it's great. So if
someone did something else, I'll just
bring it to this area, you know, and you
could just keep doing that over and over
and over. I call it entrepreneur's
playground here. Like a everything is
cheap and b no one is skilled. So if you
have any skills whatsoever and you can
go out and see something happen in
another part of the country, you can
just bring it back here and it usually
works. Now yeah,
&gt;&gt; will bird scooters work? No, we don't
have enough population for that to
happen. So, as far as marketing, the
topic I wanted to or just story I want
to tell you quickly. I have this land
next to the gym just vacant. When I go
to Utah next, bring back an idea what to
build there. So, I was trying to get
some juices flowing with like attracting
a good tenant or whatever that could go
there. But, I have my construction
trailer that it's been raining so we're
not working. So, I have it like just
sitting out back. So, what I did was I
took I bought some gravel. I had a Cory

[06:01]
took I bought some gravel. I had a Cory
drop off some gravel, made a little
driveway, and then drop the construction
trailer right on this lot. And then I
had my buddy go into our local Facebook
group and say, "What's going next to 10X
Fitness?" It brought attention to 10X
Fitness. It also brought attention to
our construction company because our
trailer is parked out there and now
everyone's like, "Oh, what is Bluefield
Builders building?" Like they they just
asking questions. I'm getting texts
like, "Hey, what's going on here?" So it
cost me like 1,200 bucks in like stones,
but it was a really nice marketing, you
know, ploy for good. You're like, you
got like an audience plant in the
Facebook group.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Which is
like something that it should be talked
about because it's
&gt;&gt; I don't know if I have a moral like
compass that tells me like don't do it.
But having fake Facebook accounts is a
very valuable thing. Like like insanely
valuable. Like I mean
&gt;&gt; I've had a lot of fake Facebook accounts
shut down.
&gt;&gt; See? Yeah. And I'm like, maybe I'm
behind the eight-ball. I should have had
these 10 years ago. But it goes on like
that that power of like human trust of

[07:01]
that that power of like human trust of
like trusting other people's
recommendations. And I almost had a guy
from, you know, Nigeria rip me off. I
was trying to buy like a sweet gun and
he's like, "Oh, ask this guy." And this
guy's Facebook was completely fake, but
he like recommended this guy. So I like,
"Oh, he recommended him. Like I trusted
this person."
&gt;&gt; So here's how this works. I make you
free videos. I actually know what I'm
talking about. I have no greasy sales
pitch at the end. And if you implement
what I talk about, you'll make a lot
more money and have a better life. And
all I ask for in return is that you hit
the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank
you. In my experience, the best use case
for multiple Facebook accounts is
specifically Facebook Marketplace when
you find an offer that just crashes on
Facebook Marketplace. There, I saw this
tweet the other day and
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'll get there. So, I saw this
tweet. This woman said, "I just hired a
fencing company to put up a new fence. I
I asked him how big his business is. $2
and half million dollars a year, double-
digit margins. He gets 100% of his
business from Facebook Marketplace.
Organic, like not boosting post, just

[08:01]
Organic, like not boosting post, just
posting like once a week. And so I had a
company that did 9.8 million its first
90 days selling Bitcoin miners. And it
was 100% through face organic Facebook
marketplace posts. And so we had
multiple accounts just because Facebook
doesn't want you to post the same thing
at a time. Sure. Right. And there's
hundreds of different makes and models
of miners. And so we created multiple
accounts out of necessity and funneled
all the leads back to one place. There
are just certain niches, whether
products or services that just crush on
Facebook marketplace. If you find that
it's really helpful to have multiple
accounts so you can post multiple times.
&gt;&gt; I know. I like can you almost like hire
somebody? Is there a company that does
that? Like you know it's trustworthy.
&gt;&gt; There needs to be there needs to be an
agency because I thought about that.
It's actually it's a good idea or you
know I have you know we always see the
groups oh recommend a power washing
company recommend this company recommend
this and then like you know there's 85
responses in there but if you have eight
people recommend the same company it's

[09:00]
people recommend the same company it's
like wow that really built trust and
built value but I said morally is that
messed up
&gt;&gt; right that's kind of a different
ballgame in a sense right
&gt;&gt; yeah oh yeah you're just having you know
more leads out there
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; I'm like playing on the human psychology
of trust Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; I'm like, well, if I'm not doing it,
somebody else is probably doing it. You
know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. If I don't sell this guy
crack, someone else is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. I mean, hey, I'm a
libertarian. You can't win that one on
me. Like I said to you earlier before we
jumped on was I had a great response
from your clients, your listeners. You
asking I actually wish I had some
questions from the first episode that
people had or I'm not sure if you have
any.
&gt;&gt; I have questions for you.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But yeah, people did reach out to
me and say they liked it and I thought
that was pretty cool, you know. So, I'm
ready to dive into any service related
stuff, but I don't think I ever answered
the haters. I hate those people who are
just overly optimistic.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That have this I'm not going to say
their name cuz I, you know, to each I
don't believe in bad mouthing people,

[10:01]
don't believe in bad mouthing people,
but I never have built a business at
zero and said like, "Oh, we're doing a
hundred million."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm like, maybe it won't, you
know, like I mean, yeah, I would like to
do 100 million, but like
&gt;&gt; the reality is I don't know. I just
don't I don't agree with that mindset of
that mentality of like you we're going
to do 100 million because like that
focuses on like the end number. And I
think it's more important to focus on
like the system and the processes that
like can get you to the end number
&gt;&gt; or that are more under your control.
That's fine too. Yeah. Yeah. systems and
processes are totally under my control.
&gt;&gt; It's like instead you should be like I'm
so excited to launch this because I'm
going to cold call 100 people a day over
the next 100 days.
&gt;&gt; That's fine. Yeah. No matter what.
&gt;&gt; I fully support that person because it's
a very actionable versus I'm going to
hit 100 million. I was debating with
some people who just for some reason had
it in their heads they were going to be
a $5 million power washing company. I'm

[11:01]
a $5 million power washing company. I'm
like I've been doing for 13 years. I'm
not I'm like five million for power is
really really difficult, you know, like
how
&gt;&gt; how many crews is that?
&gt;&gt; It's you're probably doing like three
crews gets you to a million. So, three,
you know, 15 crews. That's a lot of
crews. Jeez.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and then of course
you're having some scale in there. So,
it might be more than that, but let's
just focus on getting the first 100
grand, you know? I don't know. I always
I was always like, you know, go smaller
guy and then, you know, go from there.
&gt;&gt; Well, you said like I know how to dive.
I'm great at diving, but I don't know if
that pool is three or 30 feet deep. Like
that analogy just rings true to me
immediately. Like you, I'm opening
something very similar to a gym. I'm
opening a pickle ball club in my
backyard.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I have a metal shop, 21,00t, and it's
going to cost 30 to 40 grand to build it
out. I've got to add a bathroom. I've
got to fix the septic. There's a few
things.
&gt;&gt; I'm extremely confident that this
business will work. I only need one to
200 members until I'm at full capacity
because I can only fit one core, right?

[12:01]
because I can only fit one core, right?
And so it depends on how frequently
people play. Do they play doubles or
singles? 100 to 150 bucks a month, 100
to 200 members at max capacity. So
basically at where it stands today, I
can rent the thing out for 2500 bucks to
a home service business. If I do all
this, spend 30 to 40 grand, do
marketing, put in a key fob, cameras,
and all that, I can make 20 grand a
month from it. Almost 10 times as much
with low employees, cleaning service,
insurance, right? there will be some
customer support that I'll have to take
care of, but that's the whole play. And
so, I was about to get started in
launching it. I called a septic company.
I got some quotes and then I was like,
Chris, you're breaking your own rule
here. Like, let's do the research. Cuz
on paper, there's about 10,000 people
within 10 miles of me that play pickle
ball weekly. Okay. I need 1 to 2% of
them.
&gt;&gt; But I've gotten in trouble so many times
when I play that 1%. I could just get 1%
of this market. Like, stop. It's
probably going to be 0.1%. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so I've got in trouble. And so what

[13:00]
&gt;&gt; And so I've got in trouble. And so what
I did two days ago is I put up a bunch
of Facebook ads. I did three types. I
did instant forms. I did messenger ads.
And then I did just a link to a type
form. It says here's the address of the
pickle ball court. Here's what it will
cost. Here's our features. Fill out this
type form. Tell me your shirt size. How
often you play? Do you do singles,
doubles? What time of day do you play?
Are you okay with a 100 bucks? Do you
have other friends you could bring? All
this stuff. And I'm converting leads at
under $2 each. Like very high intent.
They know the price. They want to buy.
Under $2 each.
&gt;&gt; How many Yeah. How many leads here?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I just started this two days ago
and I've got like 20 something leads.
And so it's going to cost me like 20 to
100 bucks to convert a$1,000 customer,
$2,000 customer, which is amazing. And
so like that's just a good example of
doing the research on how deep the pool
is. like actually how deep because maybe
people want to play on the mega courts
that have 12 other courts for the energy
and for their friends. Maybe they don't
want to play in a single court and my

[14:01]
want to play in a single court and my
thesis is wrong. Right.
&gt;&gt; Actually, this is really important to
tie in what we're saying is I'm like I
hate these people who focus on you know
that end number of like oh I'm going to
do two million in pickle ball and like
you're not focusing on the $2 million
you know number. You're saying hey like
can I judge the depth of this water? Do
I have a sonar machine? Right? Is there
something that allows me to figure out
the depth of this water I can then
eventually do whatever $2 million that's
great? You know, I've never gotten
that advanced into the testing of the
market. I've always went and sold it
first without having the product. I
always recommend people that too. I'm
like go sell it first.
&gt;&gt; I'm doing that as well. Like I'm going
to collect pre-orders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You mean essentially even by
advertising it right now and getting
your leads, you're selling it. So I'm
like, hey, sell it now. And if you have
like you had 20 increase in two days,
okay, there is a demand for it. I before
buying a hot water power washer. I'm
like, "Yo, go sell it." I mean, I was
bringing the when we were open our first
gym up, I was bringing the community in
to help name it. Anyone have any good
names? Oh my god, dude. People love

[15:00]
names? Oh my god, dude. People love
giving their opinions. They're like, "Oh
yeah, name it this, name it that, name
it." Dude, I had I mean, I probably had
200 responses of
&gt;&gt; wow people who want to name
&gt;&gt; and then they feel invested.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; 99 of those, if not 200, you're not
going to choose. But they all feel
invested in the process which makes them
all more likely to become customers.
&gt;&gt; Oh, 100%. I mean that's a like you
should throw it out there. You need a
name for your pickle ball club, you
know, whatever. But it's it cost me
nothing, right? And it get it gets them
engaged. They feel invested. Yeah, those
are all great. Like very small, but I
don't know how do you know how to do
that? I never taught I was never taught
that skill, you know? It's just that to
me is a natural
&gt;&gt; Well, let's talk about that because I've
been in the habit this last week of
asking people like me, like you, like
us. How does one build or develop a bias
for action? How can you teach that? And
I won't accept the answer. It's nature,
not nurture. You can't. You just got to
be born with it. I won't accept that.
How can you flex that muscle, build the
muscle to have a bias for action?

[16:00]
muscle to have a bias for action?
&gt;&gt; I think it's traumatic life event. I was
probably middle school, 12, 13 years
old. My dad quit his job and so we went
from a two-income household to a
one-inccome household and like we I felt
the lifestyle shrink. So like I knew
what it was to have extra money and you
know nice vacation and then all of a
sudden we're like whoa whoa like we're
going to go borrow clothes from our
friends.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; My mom would like she knew a lady who
had a restaurant and like catering
business and that lady would just give
us food to to have and like we would eat
this food and I want to say it was
called the brass buckle. That's not the
name of those, but it's it Golden
Palace. The Golden Palace. So I had
Golden Palace mashed potatoes for like
months straight. It was awful. And but I
remember that pain and like seeing like
my mom and dad both stressed out about
finances and like what we were doing. My
dad actually it was like doubly bad. He
quit his job to then start trading
stocks and he was bad at it. So he
started losing money trading stocks. So

[17:00]
started losing money trading stocks. So
we were like really losing money, you
know. we went from like like like going
cut down income then losing.
&gt;&gt; So I saw that and for me like that was
always my like
&gt;&gt; yo you got to go to work like you know
my mom's response was like I'm going to
go get another job and then go get
another job. So like she had three jobs
at one point like that was her action
was going getting another job and I
definitely saw that paid attention to
it. So when it comes to like for me like
being able to sit and watch a movie like
it's really hard like I have a tough
time sitting and just watching a movie
cuz I have this anxiety in the back of
my head of like
&gt;&gt; should probably go cold call 100 people
you know or probably go
&gt;&gt; do you know improve the business somehow
which I always said that business for me
was a cure of my anxiety cuz like there
is always something to work on like
there's always there is there's
legitimately the word I hate the phrase
always think because people usually a
negative connotation. There's always
something in the business. You could go
down your website again and improve it.
You can you can edit things you take off

[18:00]
You can you can edit things you take off
product that you don't sell anymore or
you can improve product that you do sell
better. There's just always a piece of
business that you can work on a system
or whatever to improve which allows me
to always have action to take. Like I
don't like not having anything to do. So
to me my I don't know if I have a bias
towards action. I just have an automated
response to action. Like I just do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you've probably heard me talk
about Beehive before, and if you've ever
received a newsletter from me, it was
powered by Beehive. I've been using
Beehive for the last year and a half.
Their three founders left Morning Brew
and built the platform so the rest of us
could use the same tools that turned
Morning Brew into a multi-million dollar
operation. That's why Beehive doesn't
feel like every other newsletter
platform, because it's not. It was built
by people who scaled a newsletter
empire. Now, you know that I only
recommend stuff that actually moves the
needle for me. This moves the needle.
So, go to beehive.com/chris.
Use the code chris30 to get 30% off your
first 3 months. So, if you're just like

[19:01]
first 3 months. So, if you're just like
you're doing something around the house
and you're thinking and you get a new
business idea or a new marketing idea
for your current business and you get
excited about it and you're curious
about it, what are your next steps? Do
you sit on it? Do you write it down? Do
you go do something about it? Right?
Then I want to know. So, this is a
leveled question, meaning like when I
first got started, if I had a business
idea, I would probably go try it or go
do it. And now, since I've had multiple
businesses and I now have like different
goals in mind, like to me, if it can't
if I can't see on paper making me 2
million a year, I'm not even
entertaining it. Like, I I don't care.
It like throw it out, you know? I just
it just it's gone or like getting me
towards that. So like building a third
gym isn't going to make me 2 million a
year, but it's a very it's already it's
plugged in. I have the systems in place.
I have the people. Like that's just you
bolting on something else. That's
different than a new business. New
business venture has to make me a year
otherwise I don't even I don't care to
even entertain it. So it's been easy to
take ideas like you're saying and like

[20:00]
take ideas like you're saying and like
does it make that? Nope. Okay. See you
later. It's gone. As far as a marketing
idea towards business, I'm a big like
checklist guy. Like I
I'm holding up a piece of paper with a
checklist on it because not everyone
watches this, but I always have a
checklist 365 days a year next to my
desk that I just write down because I
can't keep it in my head. I I'll forget
it and lose it. So, I'll just write down
my checklist and then eventually if it's
a good marketing thing, I'll turn around
and start, you know, going after it. If
it's something that's not as important,
you know, it sits there for a couple
days and then like I just had to get a
trailer wrapped. That's a marketing
thing that like, you know, drop the
trailer off to to get that ready to rock
and roll, which by the way, I love
trailer wraps. Big great return on
investment there.
&gt;&gt; How would you compare a trailer wrap to
a truck wrap? Equally valuable.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Equally valuable. Yeah, dude.
I'd buy 10 of them. I mean, trailers,
you could buy 10 trailers for what? One
truck, you know? So, trailers are easy
to get and easy to wrap. I see no reason
not to have like you know if you can
like at both well at the one gym

[21:01]
like at both well at the one gym
location be where the entrance is we
took the once again steal a planet
fitness model they have a trailer out
front like $10 whatever so we took it we
got a trailer wrapped it brand new
trailer bought it wrapped it threw it
out front if that was a truck it's 40
grand you know trailer it was like five
maybe less you know so
&gt;&gt; so what if someone they want to have a
bias for action they want to just do
things but they're not I feel like you
have to be a naturally curious person as
a like a prerequisite to have a bias for
action. What if you're not naturally
curious? Any tips on becoming more
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tips for becoming very curious. I
don't know if you can like change a
person. Yeah. Like like can you change
who a person is? I don't know. Like I'm
not artistic whatsoever. And like sure I
probably could take some classes and
become artistic, but like I'm not like
it's just not me. Like so like don't try
to make me artistic cuz I'm not
artistic. If you're not a curious
person, don't be a curious person. Find
something else in life to do. If I was
to practice it, it would be through
gratitude. And what I mean by that is
like at night, our circle here, we're

[22:01]
like at night, our circle here, we're
dividing. I'm not religious at all. So,
I will have my kids will go around the
table asking three things that they are
grateful for because I always thought
like praying was stupid. Like it didn't
make any sense to pray. But it's not as
actionable. Like praying is just like a
thought in your head, right? But like
gratitude and like watching you, I want
you to do it tonight. Ask your kids what
they're grateful for. you know, three
things are great for and like you'll see
when they get to their their third one
because the first one's really easy.
Second one, you know, whatever. The
third one, they're like they sit there
and like what we're doing now, ask them
what's he grateful for. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What are you grateful for? One other
thing that's not obvious.
&gt;&gt; Video games. All right.
&gt;&gt; Good answer. Tell them good answer.
&gt;&gt; Those are great answers.
&gt;&gt; I'm so glad that happened because I was
worried that was going to happen to me
actually. I was like thought my kids are
walking here.
&gt;&gt; I think gratitude is the antidote to
depression, right? Like
&gt;&gt; gratitude makes us happy.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. No, gratitude is but it
also what I mean by that which that's

[23:02]
also what I mean by that which that's
why I want to tie into your question of
curiosity is which I'm sure you've done
it. Dude, I just get my mind blown in
the middle of the day cuz I'm so
grateful. Like because of my gratitude
is so high, but my gratitude is actually
like linked to my curiosity where I'll
be doing something and I'm like, "Wow."
Like those who can't visually see, I
have like two very red eyes. I got pink
eye from both my kids. I have double
pink eye from my kids. It's I'm in
recovery. I've actually I could actually
see today. But what I meant by that is I
laying in my bed sick. I was like, man,
how did Indians like in teepee survive
the sicknesses like like that? Like my
mind I was genuinely curious.
&gt;&gt; But that also allowed him to be so
grateful for modernday by hot water like
the simplest things. If you could be
grateful for the simplest things like
you're unbeatable and I firmly I believe
that with all of my heart and I have yet

[24:00]
that with all of my heart and I have yet
to be proven wrong on that. But to a
person who's genuinely not curious, I'm
like, find more gratitude
&gt;&gt; because if you could find more
gratitude, you could be outrageously
curious. How did they do that?
&gt;&gt; I never would have thought to tie those
things together.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. Why not? How do they How did
Indians do it? How did the Indians
survive? Like Like I do I I was so cold,
right? They just died,
&gt;&gt; I guess. But I mean they some they
eventually some survived, you know? Not
all of them died the fever and chills.
And I was so cold Sunday. I had to call
my wife like I had our baby in the
shower. I'm like, "Can you please come
get the baby?" I was afraid to like
touch outside of the shower door cuz I
was so cold. And I'm like, "What would
have I have done if this was like 1840?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; up until 50 years ago, no one had ever
experienced a hot shower. And now it's
that's all we have.
&gt;&gt; 50 years ago. That's mind-blowing. Yes.
We got guests. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We got all kinds of guests.
&gt;&gt; Guess I knew it was going to happen to
me. I told you. So, but gratitude
through curiosity. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I like it. I've never tied those
together, but I will now for the rest of

[25:01]
together, but I will now for the rest of
my life. We talk to him about gratitude,
but not as intentionally as you do, as
not as intentionally as we should.
&gt;&gt; When you ask them, and I'm telling you,
they get to that third thing. Like, so
you see how fast he's like, "Dad, mom,
right?" Like, that's that's cool. That's
fine. But like, if you ask them every
day, right, it's not dad, mom. Like,
they'll change things. They'll see the
different things in their day that
happen. But the reality is like they'll
get to that third one. Sometimes they
don't like they can write them off real
fast. Sometimes like they think about
that one. But when you think about that
third one, in my opinion, you're like
&gt;&gt; you're opening the pathways
&gt;&gt; of like to see things and like, you
know, and that's what you want. That's
like the
&gt;&gt; that's why there's three cuz it's mom
and dad or, you know, it reminds me of
they say that the like the bottom third
of a resume is the best part. It's like
where I went to school, what I did for
work, what results I had, but they're
like what do you love to do? What are
you obsessed with? What are like those
things that would not overlap with very
many people? That's the most important
part of the resume. It kind of reminds
me agree. That's a great that's a great
example. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to ask you some hottake
questions. In your experience, I look at

[26:02]
questions. In your experience, I look at
you as like the home service guru.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, what is the most overrated or they
could be multiple home service business
right now in your opinion?
&gt;&gt; I'm in the field, so saying Powerwash
feels like a copout, but I have to say
it. Yeah. It just flat out is by far the
most overrated. And I'm saying that is
because of Tik Tok videos. Like people
think they could they saw these Tik Tok
videos of people powerwashing and got on
this trend and everyone with $300 could
go to Home Depot, buy a power washer,
and start one. It has to be by far the
most overrated. I'm trying to think of
like my second one would probably have
to be a landscaping business because
it's like really not a very niche, you
know, type market. Like you cut grass,
it grows. People are just looking for
the cheapest price. They don't really
care. You're competing with Jose.
&gt;&gt; You're competing with everybody. I mean,
I had a landscape business when I was
16. Who didn't? You know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I just took my dad's tractor down the
street and sold jobs. You're anything

[27:02]
street and sold jobs. You're anything
that low barrier to entry is, in my
opinion, wildly overrated.
&gt;&gt; What if you had to start from zero
tomorrow? You couldn't start anything
that you've already done. What business
would you start?
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure if I would start a
business. I'd probably buy one. That's
first because I think that's really
important to see like tracker. A lot of
people fail in their their first
startup. If it was going to be a service
business, it would probably have to be
HVAC and he like you just need those two
things. There's skill involved. They
have there's training and that have to
be my number one. It's a necessity. Like
like they there's no
&gt;&gt; We were starting roof a roofing
business. I thought roofs were a
necessity and I realized like they're
not. Like people have leaking roofs.
They put a bucket underneath it and be
like, "Yeah, whatever. I'm selling the
house."
&gt;&gt; Or tarp over it.
&gt;&gt; Tarp over it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not as necessary as like,
"Oh, when your hot water stops working
or like when you have no no heat, like
you don't care. You're calling the next
person."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're burning your furniture.

[28:01]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're burning your furniture.
Like
&gt;&gt; you're burning your furniture. Exactly.
And probably because I've had a business
like powering is more of a leads
problem. Like we don't have enough
leads. Like we have work, we don't have
leads. HVAC has so many leads. They
don't have enough work. So, I wouldn't
mind having the opposite problem that I
had.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that would be a perfect
business to buy then because of all the
like the licensing and regulatory stuff
you'd have to go through.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I wouldn't I would still buy
an H business. I not even though I'm not
a certified It's actually kind of funny
this happened to us. We had a one of our
trucks got DOTed. We have 550s and guy
who was driving it. He was kind of
borrowing to to do a touch-up job. He
normally doesn't drive it, but he got
stopped by DOT and DOT's like, "Hey, you
don't have a medical card to you can't
drive this." Which, by the way, is
completely ridiculous. My my
sister-in-law rented a U-Haul that was
£26,000 and she drove it from Vermont,
you know, this weekend. But my guy can't
drive 10 minutes on the road without a
medical card. Makes no sense. However,
he got pulled over by the police and he

[29:00]
he got pulled over by the police and he
called me and said, "Hey, I got pulled
over like you got to come pick this, you
know, truck up." I'm like, "I don't have
my medical card, you So, I I wouldn't
necessarily go get my medical card. I
wouldn't get my HVAC license. I would
just buy someone who has it. And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you go that route.
&gt;&gt; What business model is a scam that no
one's saying out loud? Doesn't have to
be home services. Any business model or
industry?
&gt;&gt; There are certain franchises that are
scams. And I've met a few of these guys
who they I think they take advantage of
military veterans who they know how they
have some money and they're like, "Hey,
you'd be perfect for this, you know,
fit." and they're like giving them no
support. No. They give them like a logo
and an email and they're like, "Okay,
like here you go. Like you're off on
your own." I'm like, "Dude,
&gt;&gt; good luck."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you got to make a bunch of
money to pay back those that deal. Like
I I don't like the way that works. So I
think there are certain franchises that
are scams. I I'm not a big franchise
guy. I don't know if I have just a heavy
bias towards entrepreneurship and like

[30:00]
bias towards entrepreneurship and like
starting your own. Like I don't know if
I even call like if I bought a franchise
I don't even call that entrepreneurship
like you're just I don't know what do
you how do you feel about that?
&gt;&gt; I think there's a time and a place for
franchises but it's not for everyone
like entrepreneurship is not for
everyone. I think some people want the
middle ground between having a job with
a boss and some support versus being an
entrepreneur and franchise can fill that
gap pretty well.
&gt;&gt; That's that most franchises out there
are probably a waste of money. The
majority of them I would say.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yes, you agree with me like my
scam comment. I think franch certain
franchises could be on the side. Like I
don't want to pick on anybody because
that's not what this podcast is about,
you know, but I can I would have no
problem selling a franchise of power
washing to somebody, but like I know
what it takes to build it and like
there's this huge like headwind that
you're going right into which is like
the Tik Tok generation of power washers.
You there are so many more power washer.
I mean, I wish you're a data guy. I wish

[31:00]
I mean, I wish you're a data guy. I wish
you'd pull that up. Like registered
power washing businesses like, you know,
from 10 years ago to today. I mean, it
might be astronomical. Like that that
might be just straight hockey stick, you
know, level up, you know, and I'm like,
well, like, hey, like you're in that mix
of like competing against those people.
So, like, yeah, you franchise, well,
guess what? That entire hockey stick of
new businesses that registers
softwashing and powerashing, like that's
a uphill battle. Me personally, like the
way I do business, I don't want to fight
that. Just like go back to full circle
of like I'm not going next to a planet
fitness for a gym. I'll go next to a
crappy gym. Sure. But I'm not going to
go I'm not diving head first into a
three-foot pool.
&gt;&gt; That's a good point. I'm making a video
about this, but have you heard of
Brahms? Like the ice cream place?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; It's they're based out of Oklahoma. They
have like I don't know 100 200
locations. It's like it's really random.
It's a fast food restaurant, mostly an
ice cream place, and then a grocery
store, like a very, very small footprint

[32:00]
store, like a very, very small footprint
grocery store. And it's kind of like
In-N-Out. You know, In-N-Out is unique
because they're only regional, and they
distribute only fresh ingredients.
They're vertically integrated. There's
no franchises. They're all
corporateowned. You know, they won't
even open on the East Coast because they
want everything fresh and nearby. Rom is
kind of like the ice cream store version
of In-N-Out in that they own their own
farms. They own everything. They have
their own dairy, their own cows for the
cheese cheeseburgers. And I don't know
how, but they've somehow like resisted
inflation, right? You've got insulin
resistance and then you've got inflation
resistance. And I can still go to Brahms
and get like a bag of cheeseburgers.
There's like 10 cheeseburgers in there
for 20 bucks today. Or you can get an
ice cream cone for like $139.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Like a like a real ice cream, not soft
serve. And you can get like a big fancy
like four scoops with like nuts and
toppings in a bowl in like a waffle bowl
for like 350 at Brahms. And then if you
go right down the road and you go to
Cold Stone and you get the exact same

[33:01]
Cold Stone and you get the exact same
thing, three scoops, toppings, waffle
bowl, it's literally like $11, okay, for
the same thing. And Blums has better
ingredients. Like they're they have
their own dairy cows. A consumer at
Coldstone has to go through how many
layers of costs, how many vendors to get
to the source, right? You've got to pay
like 8% franchise fee, 2 to 3% marketing
fee. They'll have the expensive rent,
you know, probably $30 a square foot
rent, and then like the vendors, there's
kickbacks, and then they got to pay like
a h 100red grand upfront. They got to
build out a $500,000 store. Whereas
Braums, the vertical integration gets
passed down to the consumer, and so it's
cheap, right? Yeah. And
&gt;&gt; so in my opinion, when I think of
franchise versus not franchise, I think
of bronze verse and like the end result
to the consumer in this case is 70%
cheaper product and the same quality, if
not better. Quick question, what if
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made

[34:02]
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
owners and it's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner, but you give them
0% equity. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anything with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month. About the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
&gt;&gt; And how are Cold Stones doing across the
nation?
&gt;&gt; They're not doing great. They're not
doing great.
&gt;&gt; So I actually I'm, you know, it's funny

[35:00]
&gt;&gt; So I actually I'm, you know, it's funny
you asked that tough question of like
which one's a scam. I'm very satisfied
with my answer of franchise.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Because sure, are there some good use?
We honestly you said it best. Like those
who want to be their own boss. I've met
these people and I'm sure you have too.
They're like, "Hey, I want to be my own
boss." I've never used that phrase. Like
I just have you have it. No, I'm I'm
like I'm just going to be me.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what it's like to have a
boss, honestly.
&gt;&gt; No, me either, actually. But but my
point is like I you've never said the
words, "Yeah, I don't want to be boss."
Because you've never had a boss. But my
point is I am doing entrepreneurship
because like that's what I want to do,
not because I don't want to have
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're running towards something,
not away from something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And the people who are
running away from the boss, I think the
franchise might be the good fit that
you're referring to for them versus like
your eye are like I don't know. I just
have to jump off the bridge. like what I
you know
&gt;&gt; I would think if I were to think of a
persona of a perfect franchisee that
would actually be successful it's
someone that's 30 to 60 years old

[36:01]
someone that's 30 to 60 years old
someone making six figures call it 150
to 500 a year someone that has six to
seven figures in savings maybe home
equity something they've got a safety
net
&gt;&gt; they are completely dissatisfied and
burnt out by the workforce they hate it
they think they're better than it think
they could do what their job does or
their boss does and better maybe they've
tasted in entrepreneurship. I've talked
to guys that had a landscaping business
in college and then they got a job and
they've never done anything since. Like
that guy who like does really well
within systems that can fall into a
system. He's not creative, but he's
hardworking, he's smart, and he'll
follow a script. That could be the
perfect franchisee.
&gt;&gt; You and I would be the nightmare
franchisee because we want to do our own
thing on our own timeline, our own way.
&gt;&gt; Like, and that just doesn't work. My son
went to a a Crumble franchisee training.
&gt;&gt; Oh gosh. Yeah. I mean, like those
franchises kill me. Like like that.
&gt;&gt; They told him they said, "This is not
the place to be creative. If you're

[37:00]
the place to be creative. If you're
creative, just walk out the door. You're
going to follow a script to a tea. We
know what works. We promise it works. We
know how to market it. We know how to
sell it. We know what to say. We know
the ingredients. Just follow the script
and you'll be successful. If you don't,
you're not a fit here." And that's any
franchisee.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Which I respect that because
they're like, "Hey, we did it. We tested
it. we know what we want like this is
what we this is what we are and if you
don't ask me because I don't know the
answer if you ask me a question of like
hey what's a successful franchise you
know I don't know like that's I'm a
startup business guy you know I don't
know enough about franchises and that
type of thing I just know I'd be very
weary to dive into the pool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Why do you think most home
service businesses I mean 80 90% never
scale past one to two trucks and how can
they get over that? Do they have enough
leads? That's question one, right? Like
if we have the leads for multiple
trucks, then like let's go. If we don't
have the leads for multiple trucks, then
yeah, you're stuck at one or two. So I
make sure that like our systems in

[38:00]
make sure that like our systems in
place. I had a conversation with our the
guy runs our residential this morning
and one of the employees wasn't putting
the yard sign out at the job and was
told about it and like happened again.
And in our opinion, me and the managers,
it's grounds for firing. Like that yard
sign is that freaking important like
that. If you don't put it out, you will
get fired. And when the reason that is
because that's leads, right? Okay. We
need our leads.
&gt;&gt; You're hurting our business by not doing
that. That 30 second task.
&gt;&gt; The 30 secondond task. Yep. And $11 like
you or $7, whatever they are. Like you
are hurting our business. You're hurting
everybody in the company not having that
yard sign out. So, okay, if our leads
are accounted for, the next part of that
would be looking in the mirror and
saying like your employees will mess up.
And I think that most people are afraid
of the mess up and like it just
acceptance of like I I'll remember as
clear as day I remember like being
behind one of our trucks and they left

[39:00]
behind one of our trucks and they left
the tailgate down and like a bottle like
a five gallon bucket of soap went right
down the highway like just like behind
your own truck.
&gt;&gt; I was behind our own truck. Yeah. Yeah.
And
&gt;&gt; man, that must have been a great
conversation.
&gt;&gt; Five gallon bucket of soap just went
like flying down the road and I was
like, you know, I put my head down. I
said like, hey, nobody got hurt. It's a
good time to learn, right? That's okay.
&gt;&gt; Maybe they did that because they were
just rushing to get to the next job.
Like they were trying to do a good job.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, it's not grounds for, you
know, you know, yelling at somebody or
firing somebody, but like mistakes
happen and that's why you have insurance
for mistakes like that. But my point is
I had to understand mistakes are going
to happen and then to accept the
mistakes are going to happen. And once
you do those two things then you can
start getting past the one two truck
thing because you can understand hey
there's going to be problems. That's
okay. You know we're learning. We're
growing. We have to do that together and
then we can get past the one truck
thing. But with the one truck, they
always have control and you have to give

[40:01]
always have control and you have to give
up a little bit control to to get
through there. And then the next part is
systems.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I call it the 70% rule. Like
almost never will any employee do any
more than 70% as as well as you do.
&gt;&gt; Disagree. I have a manager of our second
gym location who does things so much
better than I do. She is Oh, dude. This
She is a animal. I'm actually doing her
a disservice. She's going to help us
launch the third gym and eventually be
our regional manager because she's so
freaking good. Like I don't think I
could give enough like credit to an
employee as I could give this lady. So
anyone who has employees are here the
math is unreal.
&gt;&gt; Who can find him? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like she Oh yeah, dude. She is so dude I
suck at like I'm so good at the action
box. I'm so good at startup and like
launching idea and getting into to I
could take clay and make it into object.
But like let's say we had to decorate
that object or like you'll paint the
object like that is not me whatsoever

[41:01]
object like that is not me whatsoever
&gt;&gt; or keep that object alive for three
years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'm good at that. You that
that because business has been I've
every business I've had has made longer
than three years but I'm great at that
part of it. But however, I'm not good at
like the mundane small task like
reviewing a waiver form. I'm terrible at
that. like that my employee will do that
100% better than I would.
&gt;&gt; I guess like I'm trying to make an
analogy of like the average employee
will do 70% as well as you do at like
really caring about running and knowing
the business. That just means if you
have two employees to replace yourself,
then you've grown 40%. Right? 70 plus
70. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And most people are afraid of that
unknown. It's a big unknown. I always
was a a critic of like mission
statements and like you know those
things in business. I'm like who needs
that stuff? But like I understand it
now. Shout out to John Wilson. Went to
John Wilson's conference last year. He
did a great job. The conference was
awesome you about scaling your service

[42:01]
awesome you about scaling your service
business to $5 million and you all
throughout his offices. It was all about
like those team building higher level
characteristics. And I was like wow.
Like I was so wrong about that. Like I
was like who needs mission statements? I
roll.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I totally I rolled. I rolled for
years and I came in I left John Wilson's
event. I was like, "Wow." Like as
manager or as owner, you go further away
from like the customer. Like you really
do need those mission statements. And
like the mission statement for the power
washing business would be like, "Hey, we
want our customers to be wowed. Like we
want them to have a special experience
with Apex and that is why they choose
us. And if you don't understand that,
then you shouldn't work here." And like
that's the that might need to be said
every 3 months or every six months. And
I hope people are eye rolling me at home
and you're watching this and then six
months down the road they're like,
"Damn, that guy actually was right." You
know, like he knew what he was talking
about. Cuz I've done it, too. And same
for the gym. Like, hey, what's our

[43:00]
for the gym. Like, hey, what's our
mission statement for the gym? It better
be we want a comfortable environment
where these people can come in and work
out 24 hours a day, 7 days a week,
whenever they need the gym to be there
for them. And like that's our mission
statement. I just made them up. But my
point is like the employee should know
like the message they need to convey is
that to to the customer. And if you
could do those things like then if the
customer or your employee starts to
understand those things then you can
grow to get further away as owner or as
manager.
&gt;&gt; It ties back to what we said about
family and gratitude. Like I I feel like
those things are important. those kind
of intangible mission statement purpose
things because it people that work for
us want to feel like they have purpose
like there is a purpose. Call that like
and in our lives that would be our
family, a higher power, our kids, you
know, a shared like we all need and want
purpose so we're not just floating out
there in the ether, you know, with no
plan.

[44:00]
plan.
&gt;&gt; You said the words work for us and it
triggered something in my brain that
that but you also said higher power. So
I want to go off both those two things.
Higher power and work for us. I will
never say an employee works for me. I
say the employee works for the company.
So my employees work for Apex Softwash.
I work for Apex Softwash. Why I'm
bringing that up is because it does it
rubs me such a wrong way. Like these
pompous sons of bees who like just like
oh those are my employees. They work for
me. I just want to punch. I absolutely I
can't stand that attitude. I hate it.
Like who that person thinks they are the
higher power. And what I want anyone
listening to this to understand is that
like the business is the higher power.
Like and what I mean by that is you have
your own higher powers religious wise. I
have my higher power of the business and
the business is all things like hey the
business is doing well. It's because the
people inside it are doing well. like

[45:01]
people inside it are doing well. like
that is
&gt;&gt; without those people there is no there
is no there is no higher power there is
no business there it doesn't exist and
some of these owners
tend to put themselves above the
business and I don't I'm not sure where
you put yourself like I
&gt;&gt; I've never thought about it like that
I've never really thought strategically
about it but I'm with you now that I
think about it
&gt;&gt; like there's a hierarchy and like
especially like if we're I'm I'm a like
I'm the type like I don't even want to
be there, right? Like, so like I want to
take myself over to here. So if I take
myself off the table, the business is
still on the table. The business is
still the top of the pyramid whether I'm
in there or not. Especially on like if
tits the gram, you know, you see like
garbage like this all the time where
like, you know, people are just
flaunting or just showboating their
stuff and I I really I just can't. It
just it like actually makes me go the
exact opposite. Like my wife will yell
at me for wearing like clothes that look
like a bum and I'm like I don't want to

[46:01]
like a bum and I'm like I don't want to
make someone feel uncomfortable that I'm
dressed too nice, you know? I don't like
to do that. It's not my vibe.
&gt;&gt; One of my favorite business books of all
time is Three Signs of a Miserable Job.
Have you ever read that?
&gt;&gt; I have not. No.
&gt;&gt; You've got to read it.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; It's not about having a job. It's about
entrepreneurship. And the author says
that employees need one of three things
to have a miserable job. And so as the
business owner, you need to make sure
that they don't have those three things.
Number one is irrelevance. If an
employee feels irrelevant, unseen, like
they're not serving a higher purpose,
right? Their job higher purpose business
&gt;&gt; irrelevant, right? Number two is
immeasurability. There are no metrics
tied. There's nothing measurable tied to
a person's job or role. They're just
kind of doing things. And so, in his
book, he takes over a restaurant and
they have a drive-thru. and he didn't
really know how to measure that because
the the guy in the drive-thru collecting
orders wasn't in charge of sales. He had
no he couldn't move the needle on sales.
He wasn't cooking the food. And so his

[47:00]
He wasn't cooking the food. And so his
like metric became after he took over
this failing business was what
percentage of people in the drive-thru
do you make smile,
&gt;&gt; right? And keep track of that. Write it
down.
&gt;&gt; That's so good.
&gt;&gt; It's so good. And it made his job more
enjoyable, which made him a better
employee, which served the higher
purpose, the business in this case,
better. The third was anonymity. Like
employees that are just anonymous to the
owner or to their manager. The manager
doesn't ask about their kids, about the
soccer game, about what they're into.
They're just one. They're like at
Amazon. They're just literally a number,
you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's a great book. Great
book.
&gt;&gt; No, that sounds amazing. Yeah, I
definitely would read a book like that
cuz I like that's the side of business I
love cuz if I wasn't an entrepreneur and
if I wasn't in business, my second
calling to life is psychology. And
&gt;&gt; me too, dude. Me too.
&gt;&gt; That was I was going to major in that
before I like even thought of business
&gt;&gt; because it is business like that
psychology and what you just described

[48:00]
psychology and what you just described
me was all psychology.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. First principles. I don't know if
business books teach or business, you
know, classes teach any of that stuff,
but like everything you just said was
psychology and I love it, you know,
because that's like that's really neat.
I went to a conference about 10 years
ago now and this guy who was speaking he
like converted a whole the whole
business to run on the five-star review
and he would like have if the job if
they didn't leave a fivestar review like
the people didn't get paid. like he he
basically had everything based on the
five-star review and like that was the
whole mission for the company was to get
a fivestar review and it was unbeliev
like like their pay everything was based
on the five star review and it was
really really cool because it was like
such a tangible metric like did you get
a fivestar review yes or no
&gt;&gt; do you remember what industry because I
bet it was like a highly competitive
industry in that area
&gt;&gt; it was like window cleaning power
washing
&gt;&gt; yeah cuz I mean what's more valuable
than a fivestar review when it comes to
ranking in your Google business profile
like it it makes sense.

[49:01]
like it it makes sense.
&gt;&gt; This was before even like that like he
would actually send like post he would
give the people postcards and like with
prepaid like postage basically saying
hey like if you're not going to give us
an email five star review then at least
give us this and like send it back and
he would use everything off that review.
It's really cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's good. All right. I got
another one. What do most operators,
business operators waste time and money
on that doesn't actually move the
needle? My first thing would be
accounting. If you are doing any type of
bookkeeping or accounting like stuff
like that should instantly be gone. So
video is cool but you know what's
better? Long form audio via podcast and
my newsletter tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy sales tkopod.com.
Like if the owner is in the weeds of
accounting, you're saying?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I'm trying to think of
like stuff that I have like delegated

[50:00]
like stuff that I have like delegated
off my plate before because I just go
down that list. And the first thing I
did was get rid of accounting. I was
like, okay, I don't want like, okay,
you're going to get my bank statements,
you're going to do all that. Perfect.
Great. Because I don't ever want to see
it ever again. I think that's a huge
waste of I mean, to be honest, if you're
not selling any jobs, then you're not
moving the needle. Unless you're like
one of these people who like like Well,
actually, let's talk about that because
I'm not good at it. When I called you a
little bit out before about the employee
doing it better, my manager, she's so
good at saving money and I'm a horrible
saver. Like, when it comes to saving
money, I'm like, screw it. I rather just
throw it out.
&gt;&gt; I can make more.
&gt;&gt; I was going to make more. Yeah, I was
I'd rather go sell a $10,000 job than
worry about 50 bucks. She's so good at
saving the 50 bucks. So, it's a great,
you know, once again, counterpart to me.
So the reason I I brought that up is
because you can say oh well you I'm
going to look at numbers and save money.
I disagree with that. So anything that's
not increasing sales in my opinion which

[51:00]
not increasing sales in my opinion which
is like to me number one for
entrepreneurship is like that's it is
just sales is going to be a waste of
time. So the next one would have to be
anything related to the mail. So first
the second thing I did was have an
assistant who got all the mail junk
mail. All the mail like I don't get my
mail anymore. I have assistant grab the
mail. If it's important, they'll scan it
in and upload it. Otherwise, they throw
it out. Like, it's a getting the mail is
a giant waste for operators that it's
time doesn't be done. The third thing on
the list would be invoicing. I see no
reason why like someone can't come in
and like every week I have a virtual
assistant come through on Friday, look
at the jobs, send them out, and have
those done. I see no reason why
someone's still sending invoices as a
owner operator. You could have someone
trained to do that very very quickly.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I love it. What are you working
towards personally?
&gt;&gt; I am in the process of closing on a
small strip mall. So, we have the I'll
eventually take a picture and post it

[52:00]
eventually take a picture and post it
because it's a little easier to
understand. I have our office space
which we had bought and then that came
with some land. We built the gym and
then next to that is that land I was
actually telling about. I put the
trailer billboard on. And then next to
that is a a strip mall. This is actually
a pretty cool little story. Old guy.
He's 90 something years old. He owned
it. He managed it and he was a big
Philadelphia Eagles fan. So me and him
would talk back and forth. We got into a
little dispute because he was an
old-timer and he was like giving me a
hard time with doing his snow plowing.
And he like wanted to pick and choose
when he wanted to do his snow plowing.
And this is an important lesson because
people do this way too fast. Instead of
writing the guy off, I just said, "Hey,
I'm not your plow guy. No worries." So,
didn't really talk to him much after
that, but I wrote him a letter saying,
"Hey, I own the properties next door. If
you're ever, you know, in the point
where you want to sell this thing, like
keep this letter in your file and like
call me and go Birds." Because I knew

[53:01]
call me and go Birds." Because I knew
he's a big Eagles fan. So, the Eagles
won the Super Bowl this past year and
sure enough, I get a phone call from one
of his his daughters. the guy passed
away. They say, "Hey, we have this
letter here. My dad said to keep it, you
know, we'll sell it to you." So, worked
out great. So, I'm able to to my wife
and I are going to buy this strip mall
and it actually so it connects all of
our properties. It's really cool.
&gt;&gt; That's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is it a good price that you're buying it
for?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good price. So, I had some
a friend of mine already offered to just
add 50 grand to the contract to buy it.
So, I'm like, "Okay, that makes me feel
better."
&gt;&gt; It's always good when you get one of
those, you know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No thank you, but thank you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, thank you. But thank
you. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; What is your end goal? Like, do you have
a number? Do you have I mean, I know you
you love what you do, but what's the big
like goal or number in your mind? Big
picture.
&gt;&gt; I'm more of a time guy. You know, I will
actually tell you like there's
definitely people that wake way more
money than I do. I don't know if you can
find anyone who has the time I do, which
I value that a lot. So, definitely

[54:00]
I value that a lot. So, definitely
working on my golf game, you know,
trying to improve that. Like, that's
something that I would be working on.
Like, and it's funny, like that's an
honest answer, like broad picture. I'm
like, I'm pretty good, you know,
moneywise, unless it's something that
could move really move the needle,
right? I'm not I don't care about 10
grand, you know? It doesn't move the
needle. Or I even tell people like if
you sold something for a million
dollars, like unfortunately, a million's
if a million if you think a million is a
lot of money, then like you need to
listen to some more podcast because it's
like it's not enough. you know, maybe if
you're 80, yeah, sure, a million sounds
great if you're 80, but like you need to
have a bunch more money or I'm a big
cash flow guy. So, yeah, as long as the
cash flow is really strong, like then
you could do a bunch of fun stuff and
like still have time to to do things.
So, I've always focused on like making
sure my cash flow was good so I can go
play golf tomorrow morning and like work
on that. But, as far as I hate to say
that too, like am I getting complacent?
Like, I've built a pretty good life and
I definitely do. I had my times where I

[55:00]
I definitely do. I had my times where I
was like powerwashing 20 out of 24 hours
a day. You know, I would I'd work all
day doing sales and then like go power a
Walmart at midnight because we were
learning how to do Walmarts, you know?
So, I've done it and I'm not sure if
like as you know, you have kids, you get
to this point like, man, have a good
time hanging out with my kids. Do I
really want to? There's always like a
give or take. Like adding something to
your play is taking away from someone
else's, you know, time. And I'm not sure
if I'm at the dad level or I'm like, you
know what, it's I have it pretty good.
Like, don't mess it up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. Would you rather own
one company doing 5 million bucks at a
25% margin or five companies doing a
million bucks at a 40% margin? I
&gt;&gt; I don't even really know if I heard the
margins part of it, but I'd rather have
five companies. It goes back to like
these guys who are like, "Oh, I'm do 5
million next year." I'm like, "Dude, you
didn't do one million this year." But my
point in saying that is I am the type of
person like I don't hold on to anything.
Like there could be any given moment

[56:00]
Like there could be any given moment
where one of my gyms could get put out
of business or my power washing business
could go out of business. I don't know.
Like I just like operate like things are
so fragile. I rather have five
businesses so that like if a Tik Tok
wave of power washers comes up, all
good. I put roofs on,
&gt;&gt; you know, or like I have gyms. So yeah,
one business, actually my friend, he was
looking to buy a business. This is
actually a really cool story for those
who are looking to buy businesses. He
was going to buy a a business that
helped with servicing passports for
Italy. And this man, this company looks
so good on paper. Like I was like, wow.
Like you're talking like the price to
profit ratio was awesome. He ends up it
doesn't work out. He didn't get it. He,
you know, got something else. But 6
months later, big announcement. Italian
government stopping the passports.
&gt;&gt; They knew something that he didn't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they knew something they knew. So
they were unloading this thing cuz
someone in the Italian government was
like, "Yo, there is a bill coming.
Something's changing." And dude, their

[57:00]
Something's changing." And dude, their
numbers got crushed. So yeah, that's one
business that was doing outrageous
margins that you were just talking
about. And guess what?
&gt;&gt; They might not be in business next year.
That was unreal. Like that's a true live
story just happened in the past six
months.
&gt;&gt; That's such a good story. It reminds me
of Breaking Bad when Walter White wanted
to buy that car wash. So he like he got
the EPA on the owner and had them send
like a warning that they were leeching
chemicals.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then and then he went in to buy the
to buy the car wash.
&gt;&gt; That's Yeah, that's a great move. But
reality is like that stuff happens. And
so yeah, to answer your question, no no
brainer. Five companies.
&gt;&gt; All right, last question. I want to be
respectful of your time. What's your
playbook for turning a truck and a phone
into a sellable asset that's just cash
flowing nicely? What's the 8020 of using
a truck and a phone in the home service
business is nothing else to just cash
flow 10 grand a month. Free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; You're saying identify a service?

[58:00]
&gt;&gt; You're saying identify a service?
&gt;&gt; No, no, just a playbook. Like a launch
playbook.
&gt;&gt; Oh, launch playbook. Launch play. Okay.
Oh, okay. Any service.
&gt;&gt; Any service? Yeah. Oh, dude. This is
&gt;&gt; like the rocks, like the rocks in the
bags, stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; This is my specialty. And before I
forget, cuz I will forget forgetting
three things. We're going to talk about
our religious comment later on, but I
want to make sure that anyone who like
listens to I'm not sure. Do you have a
Q&A?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, we can do a Q&A. I do Q&A's
every Friday, actually. So, let's do it.
You're welcome to one.
&gt;&gt; If anyone has any questions, that'd be
cool to to like or if anyone has any
after this, you know, goes out. The
playbook is actually stolen.
And I not sure if we talked about this
last time. I thought we did is I
literally took Cutco's book and opened
it up. Did I tell you about this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; you sold for Cutco, right?
&gt;&gt; I sold for Cutco. And the playbook is
steal the playbook. Like look at what
they're doing like on that playbook and
then model after that playbook. So
that's number one. Number two is we have

[59:00]
that's number one. Number two is we have
to market. So we have to have a website.
Steal whatever you can, then go to
marketing because I think that's the
number one most important thing. It's
very easy to do the service you're
doing. That's why you chose it because
you are skilled at it or you know what
you're doing. No problem. But you
probably suck at marketing. We need to
have a professionally designed logo and
name. Like someone I mentioned I blew up
names on Twitter and someone sent me the
funniest video ever that was like a skit
where everyone's just like bashing the
most generic names you could think of.
Like you would love this video. It was
hilarious. They're like, "Oh, do you do
quality work?" The guy's like, "Yeah."
He's like, "Okay, we name your company
quality." Yeah. Like that was like
&gt;&gt; Tell Americaore.
&gt;&gt; So funny. So get rid of
&gt;&gt; Quality Innovations.
&gt;&gt; Get rid of We need a good name. I'm not
I don't want your initials, you know? I
don't want Joe. I want a good thoughtout
name and then a logo. And then as far as
marketing, yeah, I always did I'm a
cheap guy. I shouldn't say that. I'm a
smart with my money guy. So like I have
no problem spending money on my family
and friends and doing stuff like that or
that's okay. I'm not cheap at all. It

[1:00:01]
that's okay. I'm not cheap at all. It
goes that I'm cheap when it comes to
marketing. Like I personally hate
Facebook ads. Google ads waste of money.
Facebook ads a waste of money. They're
way too expensive for your dollar. You
want to get a rock flyer. You a bag rock
card. Put it in there because you know
exactly who your customer is. And then
this is also I'm I have to bake a noodle
quickly here. This one threw me off. I
always thought you had to throw the
flyer to the dirty houses like for power
washing. Like, oh, that's a dirty house.
They need our service.
&gt;&gt; It's actually not true at all. Like the
clean house gets powerwashed more often
than the dirty house does.
&gt;&gt; And once you
&gt;&gt; That's why it's clean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's why it's clean. I can't
remember. I have such bad like memory in
terms of like if we talked about it or
not. Did we talk about the for breeze?
&gt;&gt; No, we talked about targeting
neighborhoods with the rock flyers, but
not nothing about forbreze. It's the
power of habit, I believe. Charles
Doohig is the book.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; if you've never read it, the

[1:01:00]
&gt;&gt; if you've never read it, the
&gt;&gt; Oh my god, this literally like we're
talking it might be the most important
thing I've ever read in my life. In the
power of habit, they studied for breeze
and the they were calling for breeze the
billion dollar bust. They spent a
billion dollars making forbreze. It was
the best product ever made. They've had
nothing like it ever. And people at
Proctor Gamble, they gave it to this
lady who's like a wildlife rescue lady.
So she's like, "I can't go on any dates.
I stink all the time." And they're like,
"Perfect." They gave her Fbreze and she
sprayed the Freze, you know, over house
clothes, whatever. She's like, "Oh my
god, like this is amazing." They come
back a month later. Guess what? She's
got the entire bottle still there. Never
used it. And these people are like,
"Whoa."
Like what's going on here? Like we just
answered your we answered your problem.
Like you stink. Here's for breeze.
Problem solved. Doesn't use it. They
have a garbage man. Same thing. Stinks.
You know, no big deal. Hey, we got you
solved. Give this lady, they give this

[1:02:00]
solved. Give this lady, they give this
garbage man a bottle. Come back a month
later, full bottle. And now they're
like, we're in trouble. Like these
people like they're not using our
product. So they give it to a house lady
or cleaning, you know, just a I want to
say type A type person and within like
two weeks the bottle's empty and they're
like, "Oh my god, like that our customer
isn't the person who stinks. Our
customer is the person who wants fresh."
And dude, like it when I realized like
that, I'm like that blew my mind because
that's powerwashing. Like your your c
your customer is not the dirtiest house
on the street.
&gt;&gt; Your customer is the cleanest house on
the street. And
that's a perfect segue into the answer
of your question is like you need to
identify your customer. Like it is your
job. Like not I don't care what you
want. I care what your customer wants.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's funny because I I I feel like
I've heard that story and I feel like
there's another part to it on how they
marketed Freze. Like isn't there like

[1:03:01]
marketed Freze. Like isn't there like
another part of that story where in the
beginning they were like it makes your
stuff smell good and then they kind of
changed how they described it. Does that
sound familiar? I need to ask JBT.
&gt;&gt; I'm 90% sure it's power habit and
Charles uh but I definitely go to the
Freze story and I just or I took a
iTunes U course on Yale and the guy's
like human memory so bad we forget
everything like don't believe anything I
say and it was unbeliev Unbelievable
unbelievable dude. It was amazing. The
end of the course the professor like
after like 12 weeks was like don't
believe me I might be wrong too. It was
it was really cool.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I found it. It's They used to
pitch Freeze by saying, "Get rid of
tough odors." You think about how people
work, too. Like, if you have a cat lady
house, it doesn't smell bad to you. You
live in it. Whereas, if a stranger walks
in, they're like, "Holy crap, that's
just how our bodies work, right?" Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, when they changed it from get rid of
tough odors, cuz people didn't think
they had smelly houses. They thought
their house was fine.
&gt;&gt; They changed it to finish your clean

[1:04:00]
&gt;&gt; They changed it to finish your clean
with Freze, which goes into what you
said. They h they tied it into a habit
loop, right? which is more human
psychology. To build a habit, we need to
tie it to something else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was in the book. The lady was
she made her bed and she just gave it
like a spritz. Like that's what they
that's what they said in the book. Like
that was the person who used Freze like
crazy. Loved it. Yeah, it was amazing.
Yeah, it was a really
&gt;&gt; I read that. That's a really good
&gt;&gt; dude. I when I read that I was like
that's so good because it makes you
think about marketing in in in a certain
way too like who your customer is. And
if you want to be successful with a
truck and a phone, I don't care about
the truck. Technically, you know, to go
one level, my roofing company, like we
don't have a truck, you know, like we
only have the phone because we're just
marketing, right? And if you know how to
market, you could do anything
&gt;&gt; and you sub out all your work in the
roofing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sub out the work. Yeah. So, you
don't need you don't even need the
truck. Just But but you know marketing.
So, if you want to be good at business,
know marketing,
&gt;&gt; which goes back to no psychology.
&gt;&gt; This is so good, Dan. You don't you

[1:05:00]
&gt;&gt; This is so good, Dan. You don't you
don't disappoint. Where can people find
you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Twitter's Daniel Cronour on
Twitter and then LinkedIn is also is
great. Yeah, that's both both are good
there. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. What' you think? Please share
it with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner