[00:00]
Short form video is the greatest
asymmetric bet we've seen. Every time I
hit publish on a piece of content,
especially short form video, I'm playing
the lottery. Just imagine if the lottery
were free. How often would you play it?
As much as you can, because why wouldn't
you? I posted dozens of videos that all
got hundreds of views no one cared about
until I posted one video that got me
45,000 followers. That's the lottery
ticket I'm talking about. I went from 50
followers to 45,000 literally overnight
with a quick video that I took on my
phone. That's $40,000 worth of value for
10 minutes of my time. There is a whole
world on the other side of cringe.
I want to talk about how to grow an
audience with the short form to
newsletter funnel. Now, if you talk to a
lot of people, a lot of experts in this
space, they will not agree that such a
funnel exists, right? Because short form
viewers are not necessarily long- form
viewers or long form readers. But I'm
here to tell you that that's false. that
you can use short form video and other
content building strategies to drive uh
your audience towards your newsletter,

[01:01]
your audience towards your newsletter,
preferably on Beehive, an audience that
you own that cannot be taken away from
you. So, I call this my 0.02% strategy
because if you look at my screen here,
I'm scrolling down. This whiteboard is
about 3 feet away from me in my office.
I took a picture of it, air dropped it
to myself. This was made months ago, but
it's still relevant today. I can expect
to get 0.02% of my short form viewers to
become newsletter subscribers to me. And
those subscribers open about 55% of my
emails at about a 4% click-through rate,
which is awesome, right? Which kind of
breaks the stereotype that short form
viewers are not very valuable. So, I
feel like we are right in the middle of
two of the greatest asymmetric bets that
we've ever seen. One is AI. Obviously, I
don't need to convince you on that. And
the other one is short form video. And
it's not new. It's been out for a few
years, but 10, 20, 30 years from now,
we're going to look back on these years
still being very, very early. I am an

[02:00]
still being very, very early. I am an
introvert. I once did the MyersBriggs
with my wife. We went to this workshop
when I got my MBA and they had us all
separate on opposite sides of the room
based on introvert and extrovert. My
wife was completely over there. I'm way
over there. I don't like leaving my
office. I don't like talking to people.
And the thought of ever, you know,
cringing at myself and taking and
publishing of all things short form
video just gave me extreme anxiety. Not
for me. No thank you. That's cringe.
That's embarrassing. But I'm here to
tell you that there is a whole world on
the other side of cringe. Okay? Like,
put your pride, put your ego aside, stop
caring about what your high school
friend thinks about you, cuz really they
don't think about you and you're
probably doing better than them anyway.
So, who cares? Even if they are thinking
about you, just put it aside and put
your face on camera. And I promise that
life-changing things can happen. It is
an asymmetric bet. So, I want to talk
about an analogy real quickly. Just

[03:00]
about an analogy real quickly. Just
imagine if the lottery were free, how
often would you play it? As much as you
can. You'd buy as many tickets as you
could because why wouldn't you? Well,
every time I hit publish on a piece of
content, most especially short form
video, I'm playing the lottery. And it
costs me about $6 in labor to have that
video edited for me because I don't edit
my own videos. And it takes me a few
minutes to research, script, and take
the video. And that's not an
exaggeration. I didn't start that way,
but I I got that way with a lot of reps
and a lot of practice. So, every time I
hit publish, I could launch a business
with that video or with that tweet or
with that newsletter, I could make a
million dollars if that business does
really well. It could flop. I could be
embarrassed. That's my biggest downside
is losing $6 and being a little bit
embarrassed. Or I could get hundreds or
thousands of newsletter subscribers or
tens of thousands of followers. This
algorithm called short form video,
whether it's Tik Tok, Instagram,
Snapchat, Spotlight or YouTube Shorts,

[04:01]
Snapchat, Spotlight or YouTube Shorts,
is magical. And most people out there
playing with it don't know what they're
doing. They're not tracking anything.
They're just kind of throwing spaghetti
at the wall. And so I'm here to show you
some very, very specific things you can
do to stand out to be in the 0.1%
of people publishing videos so you can
convert 0.02% of your viewers to
newsletter subscribers. And so that
would be 200 subscribers for every
million views you get or one subscriber
for every 5,000 views you get. So, I'm
going to get into it. First of all, I'm
Chris Kerner. I've started over 75
businesses over the last 15 years, five
per year. To answer your question, I
love it. It's what I love. I've never
had a real job. Business is my passion.
Whether it's portaotties or doortodoor,
it doesn't matter. I love commerce. I
love being a merchant. I love business,
right? And so, my content is about
business. I don't care about the niche,
whether it's real estate or whatever.
It's just about business. Um, like I
said, I have ADHD. I'm an introvert. I

[05:01]
said, I have ADHD. I'm an introvert. I
like just staying in my office and I'm
kind of a closeted class clown. So, with
AI taking this forefront position in our
lives, we are going to see a huge
outpouring of AI slop, faceless videos,
AI generated videos, and the platforms
are going to allow it because it keeps
people on their platform. Why wouldn't
they allow it, right? But I'm here to
tell you that it's never been more
important to show your face on camera,
to be authentic, to not be AI today than
it ever has been because you will stand
out even more. I'm also here to tell you
that your follower count does matter. A
lot of people are saying that follower
count doesn't matter because the
algorithms are so good. So if you have
zero followers or 100 followers and you
post something, it can go viral. On Tik
Tok, that is more true than other
platforms. But I know for a fact because
I've tested this extensively. Follower
count matters because follower count
equals more data points. Now, I don't
say that to discourage you. I started my
Instagram account a little over a year
ago with zero followers. It was a brand

[06:01]
ago with zero followers. It was a brand
new, fresh account. I didn't use my
personal account and I posted dozens of
videos that all got hundreds of views.
No one cared about until I posted one
video that got me 45,000 followers.
That's the lottery ticket I'm talking
about. And I'm going to show you that
video and I'm going to break it down
later on. But follower count does
matter. And so that is one of the two
KPIs that I track. But you can also
start with zero followers and do just
fine. Attention is the world's greatest
commodity today. It's not water. It's
not data. It's not crypto. It's
attention. Especially with AI because
there's going to be more content created
than we've ever seen. And so being your
weird little unique self on camera is
going to stand out more than it ever
has. So here's how this works. I make
you free videos. I actually know what
I'm talking about. And if you implement
what I talk about, you'll make a lot
more money and have a better life. And
all I ask for in return is that you hit
the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank
you. Just by way of credibility, I'm
going to show my beehive screen. So, I

[07:02]
going to show my beehive screen. So, I
started a newsletter a year and a half
ago. I started on another platform. And
then you'll see in December of 2023, I
moved it to Beehive. I had 2,300
subscribers. Uh, and it took me months
to get that many subscribers, mostly
from Twitter. I had about 50,000 Twitter
followers. And then right here in
February of 2024, I started my podcast.
And so then I thought, if I'm going to
have a podcast, I might as well hit
record on the camera. And if I hit
record on the camera, I might as well
lazily upload those clips to short form
platforms to grow my podcast. Well, I
soon learned that the lazy way is not
the good way. and that those
autogenerated clips of you talking on a
podcast are very very very very hard to
go viral. It can be done if very
strategically, but usually the harder
way is the better way. And so I started
posting these autogenerated clips to go
to the podcast. They did nothing. And
then I just hit record on my frontfacing
camera and started talking about things
I'm working on, things that I've built,

[08:00]
I'm working on, things that I've built,
opinions that I have about business. And
that's when things really started taking
off. In April, my first video went
viral. It got 2 million views and 45,000
followers, which is an incredible or
view to follow conversion rate. It's not
typical. And I've achieved that very few
times since. But ever since then, I've
been adding 15 to 30,000 organic
subscribers per month. I've done like a
couple Facebook ad tests and I've
converted subscribers very cheaply. So
about 1 to 3,000 of my subscribers were
paid. And literally every other one, the
other 173,000 of them are organic, free.
I'm very cheap. I have a very lean team.
I grew up poor and those habits have
never left me. So, I don't like
shoveling tens of thousands of dollars
to meta, even though I know that they
can bring me results and that those
subscribers are generally high quality.
So, if you look at this screen, this is
the last 90 days of how many beehive

[09:01]
the last 90 days of how many beehive
subscribers I've added on a daily basis.
And I'm showing you this so you could
see that it's consistent, that it's not
a flash in the pan. It doesn't rely on
going viral. Going viral helps, but it's
very steady between 3,000 and 2,000 new
organic subscribers per day. This is
taking a second to load because Beehive
prefers 30-day increments. So, I'll go
to 30 days. And you can see that this is
my daily organic subscribers or last 30
days. And then you can see here these
are my subscriber sources straight
through my landing page, Facebook reels,
Instagram, Tik Tok referral, then 58
other sources. So, I just wanted to show
that. But I track two KPIs and I'm going
to show you the sheet that I use to
track that. I have a virtual assistant
who updates this sheet. And if you look
at these two columns right here, VPF is
views per follow and FPD is followers
per day. This is not updated because she

[10:01]
per day. This is not updated because she
dropped the ball and she didn't update
this in time, but I add between 4,000
and 10,000 followers per day across
platforms combined. And I get about one
follower for every 300 to 800 views.
That tells me the power of my call to
action, how strong or how weak it is,
both on a perf platform basis and on a
per piece of content basis. I'm a big
fan of Alex Brozie, as many of you
probably are. And I differ from him on
one key thing. He says to not put calls
to action in your short form content.
Don't ask anything. If people like it,
they're going to find your thing.
They're going to click on your thing and
buy or subscribe to your thing. I
completely disagree. I don't see a
purpose to putting content out there on
the internet without a call to action.
Unless I'm trying to build goodwill. I
want people to see how I interact with
my family. It's not a very high value
piece of content and I don't think it's
going to do good numbers. I won't put a
call to action in there. But 80 90% of

[11:02]
call to action in there. But 80 90% of
the time, I'm putting calls to action in
every single piece of content I publish
because I've tested it and I know that
it might sometimes a little bit affect
the reach or the virality of that piece
of content, but nine times out of 10 it
won't. And you net out ahead. If I did
not have calls to action in my content,
and I've tested this, I'm going to
convert one follower to every one to
5,000 views, but because I have a call
to action, a strong call to action, I'm
converting one out of every, you know,
300 to 800 views. So, it's a massive
difference. Earlier on, I said that
follower count does matter. And it does
because it's more data points. When I
had 10,000 followers, my banger videos
would do 100,000 views and my duds would
do 5,000 views. Like my baseline was
5,000. Today my baseline is 100,000.
Like if I were to put out the same video
today that I did back then with 10,000
followers, it would do 10 to 20 times

[12:01]
followers, it would do 10 to 20 times
more views. Even though it's the same
piece of content because Meta and all
the other algorithms just have more data
points to work with. They know the right
people to show that to. And so follower
count for sure does not matter nearly as
much as it used to, but it still matters
a lot. So, let me just recap real
quickly. Calls to action and everything.
Follower counts matter. Short form video
is the greatest asymmetric bet we've
seen, at least in social media. And the
short form video to newsletter uh funnel
does exist. It is very possible to grow
big newsletters with not just any
subscribers, but very high quality
subscribers that are loyal to you, that
open, and then uh that click. So, a
couple other best practices that I use,
speed to publish, right? You can
research all day and you can research
hooks and you can research competitors
in your niche and you can learn and you
can take notes, but that is just an
advanced form of procrastination. At the
end of the day, you just got to hit
publish a lot of times. You got to fail

[13:02]
publish a lot of times. You got to fail
a lot of times. You have to look at the
retention charts a lot of times and see
what's working. Where are people falling
off? Where are they not falling off? I'm
going to show you a video that I posted
to Tik Tok and it got 6 million views
and brought me like 80,000 followers or
something, which is not typical, but I
want to show you the retention chart. My
whole strategy with posting a short form
video is to post to Tik Tok first
because I care about Tik Tok the least.
They are the least loyal followers.
They're the most finicky followers. It's
the most international followers and
it's the youngest followers. My normal
followers are between 25 and 55 years
old, 85% in the US, 85% male, and Tik
Tok throws those averages way off. So, I
post my video, and when I say I, I mean
my team to Tik Tok first, and we wait 1
to two hours, and we watch the retention
chart. So, you've probably heard me talk
about Beehive before. And if you've ever

[14:00]
about Beehive before. And if you've ever
received a newsletter from me, it was
powered by Beehive. I've been using
Beehive for the last year and a half.
Their three founders left Morning Brew
and built the platform so the rest of us
could use the same tools that turned
Morning Brew into a multi-million dollar
operation. That's why Beehive doesn't
feel like every other newsletter
platform because it's not. It was built
by people who scaled a newsletter
empire. Now you know that I only
recommend stuff that actually moves the
needle for me. This moves the needle. So
go to beehive.com/chris.
Use the code chris30 to get 30% off your
first 3 months. So, if you look at this
screen right here, this was a video I
posted and it got I said 80, sorry,
38,000 followers from this video. It's a
30-se secondond video and this was the
retention chart right here. You can see
it's very very flat. Uh, which is what I
like to see. When I see a retention
chart like this, or when my team does,
they don't change a thing. They publish
it everywhere after that. If they see
people are dropping off at the call to

[15:01]
people are dropping off at the call to
action or dropping off at a certain
point, they will watch that certain
point and then realize, oh, that
sentence isn't very good. It doesn't
really add much value with that
sentence. Let's cut it out. Or, you know
what? Let's cut out the call to action
on this because they're not very loyal
to this video. They're kind of finicky.
So, let's either put the call to action
at the end when they're already more
committed to the video or let's cut it
out algether. So, I'm going to play this
video and you should be able to hear the
sound. And I want you to notice right on
my mouse where my call to action is.
It's near the beginning and it's lasts
two and a half seconds. And you'll see
that people don't really fall off here.
And I'll tell you why in a minute. Look
at this freaking thing right here. This
is the most genius business idea I've
seen this year. Day 53 of genius
business ideas. Follow for more. It's
called Toasted Tours. And they take
people on wine or beer sipping tours all
up and down California in a shipping
container on wheels. How much do they
charge? 180 bucks for 4 hours. And they
have 40 people on this thing. In case
you're not counting, that's $1,800 per
hour. And these things stay booked. I

[16:01]
hour. And these things stay booked. I
know what you're thinking. Oh, they
can't be legal. It's legal. They have
insurance. They've never had an
accident. This needs to be copied all
over the world. Get the full business
plan right here. All right. So, two
calls to action. Most of my videos have
two, actually. You might have heard an
echo in that because it was on other
computers, but you get the idea. The
first call to action was in the
beginning, which breaks the mold, and it
was two and a half seconds, which is
incredibly long. No one fell off. Why?
Well, it's not because of my riz. It's
because of what was happening behind me.
It's because what was happening behind
me broke their frame. Like, what is
going on here? This is like a shipping
container that's moving and people are
in it. Like, is this a cage? Is this
going to a prison? What is happening?
So, it's not because of what I'm saying.
It's because they need their question
answered. And that's what every good
video needs to do. It needs to have a
hook that asks a question. Maybe not
literally, but either the visual hook or
the verbal hook or the on-screen text
hook needs to open a loop that doesn't

[17:02]
hook needs to open a loop that doesn't
get closed either until the end of the
video so your retention can be high or
until they fulfill the call to action
and do the thing. In this case,
subscribe to my newsletter. So, that's
the first call to action that gets them
to follow me. And then here, the second
call to action is to my newsletter. And
it's the same call to action in every
single one of my videos. Every single
one of my videos, I create a business
plan for that's keyword optimized that
gets published on my website that uses
ahrefs to find the right keywords with
Claude GPT that I built myself. And it's
just a long-standing prompt. And my
assistant says, "All right, Claude, I've
got this business idea. It's called
Toasted Tours. They do wine tours in
Napa Valley. It's kind of weird because
it's on a shipping container. Make me a
business plan. and I need to have a
financial analysis, startup cost, a
timeline, yada yada. Boom. Spits out a
business plan. I publish it to my
website and then when people subscribe
to me, they get a long-standing link
where they can click on it and they can

[18:00]
where they can click on it and they can
search Toasted Tours and they'll see the
business plan. So, I'm putting out
between three and seven reels a day with
different business ideas that each have
a business plan attached to it. And to
give you an idea of how powerful and how
profitable this flywheel is, if I
convert 0.02% 02% of my viewers to be
subscribers, which sometimes on videos
like this, it's it could be as much
as.1%,
five times more than that. So, let's
just say conservatively it's 0.02%. Now,
I know that this video did over 20
million views across platforms. So,
that's going to be 200 * 20, that's
going to be 4,000 newsletter subscribers
from one organic video that I saw while
scrolling reels like all of you do on a
regular basis. I wasn't like
researching. I didn't I didn't have like
deep research or operator go out and
find I didn't I don't have a team like
curating these business ideas for me. I
was just on Instagram. I saw the video.
I pulled out my iPhone 16, put it on
front-facing camera, put my nice mic on
because audio is important. I took a

[19:00]
because audio is important. I took a
video. I didn't script it. I didn't use
a teleprompter. I just kind of like
freestyled it and I just left pauses in
there as I thought of my next sentence.
Boom. Uploaded to my drive. My editor
got a notification. She edited it within
an hour. It was published to Tik Tok and
then within two hours it was published
everywhere else. So 4,000 newsletter
subscribers from one organic video, $6
in cost, 510 minutes of time, and my
newsletter subscribers are worth about
$10 each. So that's $40,000 worth of
value for 10 minutes of my time. Not to
mention like all of the other things, I
got over a 100,000 followers across
platform, which means all of my videos
from then on will have a better chance
of going viral. And it was just this
flywheel effect. Now, if I show you a
more average video, this is it right
here. I posted this four days ago. You
can see here on the right, I got 300
followers from it. It did okay. It got
300,000 views almost and climbing.
That's a more average video for me. But
on average, I am getting between, this

[20:00]
on average, I am getting between, this
is on a weekly basis. If you look at
these views, about 30 million views per
week across platforms. So, 100 to 150
million per month across platforms with
a very lean team. mostly overseas
driving millions of dollars worth of LTV
lifetime value to my newsletter and
their high-quality newsletter
subscribers as well. So that's how
powerful this funnel is. I'm going to
speak for six more minutes and then open
it up for questions. So be thinking of
questions. What niche do you pick? So
think of a ven diagram. Think of
something that you understand really
well because you know the whole profit
verse passion argument. You know, I say
chase your passion if you want to be
scalable and sustainable and if you can
afford to. If you can't afford to, then
do whatever it takes to be self-
sustaining. So, think of something that
you love. Think of something you could
talk about forever. Think of something
that you know and think of something
where you won't ever run out of content.
That's your niche. For me, it's
business. No niche is off limits. As far

[21:00]
business. No niche is off limits. As far
as generating ideas, what do I post
about? I'm afraid after a week, I'm
going to run out of things to say.
Instagram. just the Instagram for you
page, not Tik Tok, not YouTube shorts.
Train your algorithm. You can go into
the Instagram settings and you can reset
your algorithm. So, if all it's showing
you are Theo Von or videos or Blackstone
Grill cooking videos, reset that sucker.
And every time you see something in your
niche that you might be able to emulate,
maybe it's not in your niche, but it has
an amazing hook. Maybe it is in your
niche and you might want to emulate it.
Show the algorithm that you want to see
more of that. You like it, you bookmark
it, you comment, whatever. Very quickly,
within 30 minutes, you will start seeing
things that give you ideas. It doesn't
have to be a green screen style like me.
It probably isn't going to be business,
statistically speaking. It could be
anything. You just need these brilliant
algorithms that we're trying to exploit
to show you the same inspiration that
you're going to be giving to others. And
then you just got to start posting. I
use Cap Cut for editing. Well, I used

[22:00]
use Cap Cut for editing. Well, I used
to, but their terms and conditions were
just changed and it's garbage now. So,
we use other we use edits and Premiere
and other tools for editing. Now, I
don't suggest Capka anymore. That's a
recent development, but we use these
cheap tools for editing. I use my iPhone
16 for taking videos. You don't need
expensive equipment. Use the same
algorithms to generate the inspiration.
If you look at my tab right now, these
are me tracking all of my shorts across
platforms. And so you can see here on
cell AC3, I average 830,000 views across
platforms. If I take the same video
posted to all five places, Snapchat,
YouTube Shorts, Instagram, Tik Tok,
Facebook Reels. Also, pro tip with
Facebook reels, do not cross-ost from
Instagram to Facebook reels. Upload
manually to all five platforms. I
promise you, it makes a difference. I
didn't think it would make a difference
because if it's good content, they're
going to push it. It makes a difference.
Upload manually, separately, to all five

[23:00]
Upload manually, separately, to all five
platforms. So, think about that. Call it
a million views per video on average.
200 newsletter subscribers per video I
put out. Five videos per day, 1,000
subscribers per day. It's powerful. And
if you're thinking, "Oh, well, you
started this audience already or you had
a big budget." None of that. When I
started publishing video content, I had
50,000 Twitter subscribers. That's it.
50,000 Twitter subscribers. and I tried
to pull them over to short form video.
No, you can't do that. You absolutely
cannot do that. No one cares. People
that love you on Twitter are probably
not going to watch you on Instagram
unless they accidentally find you.
They're not going to go through the
frictionful process of clicking through
and finding you and then following you.
I started from scratch and I posted some
bad videos. This was one of my first
videos ever. I'm going to play it real
quickly and I'm going to show you
everything that went wrong with this.
Notice there's zero edits. There's zero
cuts. I I didn't know how to edit videos
when I was doing it myself and so I
would take everything in one take and I
kept restarting the video without a

[24:00]
kept restarting the video without a
teleprompter just to get it all in one
take. So I'm like out of breath. Quick
question. What if there were a private
community out there of people that were
building businesses based on this
podcast? Well, I just made it and it's
only for business starters and business
builders. It's called TK owners and it's
basically like having me and 100 other
business geniuses as your business
partner, but you give them 0% equity.
Also, there's going to be exclusive new
trends, growth hacks, business ideas,
and a database of everything I've ever
talked about. You'll find thousands of
startup case studies. You'll have weekly
ask me anythings with me, while I'll
answer your questions directly. You'll
be in my Slack channel where I'm hanging
out every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders. and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.

[25:00]
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
This is day two of 10 of a 60-cond
business plan. In the next 56 seconds,
you will know exactly how to start a
business and where to find your first
customers. Luxury wedding bathroom
trailers. Go to Facebook Marketplace,
search for luxury wedding bathroom
trailers. You can buy them for 20 to 30
grand. Many companies will
&gt;&gt; Okay, you get the idea. This was 55
seconds. Should have been about 25. It
got 3,600 views. And that's how many it
has today. Back then, it had hundreds of
views. And I got 10 followers from it. I
posted about 20 to 30 videos, that bad
or worse, until one day I'm driving. I'd
love to tell you that my car was on
autopilot, which I have, but I wasn't. I
was being unsafe. I don't recommend
that. And I had a tweet about this that
did well. So, I'm like, "Oh, let's just
convert this tweet to a video."
&gt;&gt; Ever wonder what happens to all those
pocket knives that the TSA confiscates
at the airport? Me, too. Guess what?
This is day five of 10 of showing you
how to make money with websites you've
never heard of.
&gt;&gt; All right, so open-ended question.
There's no captions. There's no fancy
editing. Low res camera. People follow

[26:02]
editing. Low res camera. People follow
me, right? Then
&gt;&gt; this website confiscates all the
pockets.
&gt;&gt; I talk about the website and they're
just like waiting. They're waiting. What
is it? And then I say the name of the
website at the very end. And today, if I
did this, it would be strategic. Back
then, it was all accidental because I
just kept publishing crap. And you can
see up here on the right, this video got
2.1 million views, 45,000 followers. So,
I went from 50 followers to 45,000
literally overnight with a quick video
that I took on my phone. And the most
important thing that happened there was
the learning. Oh, now I need a call to
action. Oh, now I need to do retention a
little better. So, to summarize all this
up, publish everything. Test all the
niches. Train the algorithm to show you
what's relevant to you. Publish
something like this in your niche.
Something like that. Something a little
different. Maybe a video with just text
on screen. Maybe a 10-second video.
Maybe a three minute video. Test all the
things. Look at the retention charts.
Cut out what isn't valuable, where

[27:00]
Cut out what isn't valuable, where
people are dropping off. And just keep
failing over and over and over again.
Don't shrink away from your call to
action. You have to leave the question
open. If you want to push them to your
newsletter, you have to answer the
question that the video asks in the
newsletter. Okay, I'm going to say that
again. You have to answer the question
in your newsletter that your short form
video question asks or they have no
reason to follow you. You will not lose
loyalty. They're not going to
unsubscribe from you. They're going to
go to your newsletter and they're going
to want more of what you provided in
that first welcome email. So, I'm out of
time, so I'd love to open it up for
questions.
&gt;&gt; Chris, that was amazing, man. Excited to
jump into some Q&A. Everyone give a
round of thumbs ups here for Chris. Top
voted question. Where did you find a
good video editor for $6 an hour per
video or $6 per video? Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Upwork. I just posted a job for it on
Upwork.
&gt;&gt; Okay, easy. Next question. How do you
see LinkedIn pairing with newsletters

[28:02]
see LinkedIn pairing with newsletters
most effectively?
&gt;&gt; It's just going to come down to copying
people that are growing newsletters on
LinkedIn. Looking at what they're doing.
And are they posting like PDFs with a
bunch of small words? That works really
well. Honestly, large images with way
too much content on it to digest. The
algorithm loves that because people have
to click into it. They have to zoom in
and it keeps them on the platform
longer. I know stuff like that works.
Publish a ton of content with no links
in it. Once it starts doing well, like
above average for you, a few hours
later, go in and add a link not to the
top comment, but in the post itself, and
the algorithm will not suppress it
because it's already a proven piece of
content, and they don't care that you're
leading people off site at that point.
&gt;&gt; Great. Next question. Anonymous user, if
you were starting today from scratch,
essentially, what would be your 30-day
getting started plan?
&gt;&gt; I would try to publish 60 videos. That's
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Next question from Amanda. Chris,
I noticed your recent posts include
three of the same piece. How much does

[29:01]
three of the same piece. How much does
repeated content factor into the
newsletter strategy?
&gt;&gt; Sorry, three of the same what?
&gt;&gt; I think maybe she was asking there was
like repetition essentially like how
much does repeated content or talking
maybe about the same thing factor in or
do you have a approach there?
&gt;&gt; I have a strategy there. If I publish
what I call a banger, something viral
for me, I will recycle that every 3
months and I refilm and have it
re-edited every time so it doesn't look
like the exact same piece of content to
the algorithm.
&gt;&gt; Okay, next question.
&gt;&gt; I wanted to hop in just with a If that's
okay, TG, I'm backstage now, but I think
a lot of people are wanting to do this
like 60-day video, 30-day plan
challenge. Would you pick like would you
be posting on multiple different
platforms? Would you start with just Tik
Tok? Would you do YouTube shorts, Tik
Tok, Instagram reels? How would you go
about that 60 videos?
&gt;&gt; That was one of the 80% of things that I
didn't get to. I would pick a medium,
right? If you're going to do written,
then do LinkedIn and X. That also works

[30:01]
then do LinkedIn and X. That also works
to grow a newsletter. That's how I
started. If you're going to do video,
post it to all five platforms. They're
not all the same. They won't all perform
the same. I just had a video do 11,000
views on Tik Tok and 6 million on
Facebook reels, right? But it's a
no-brainer. It's a lot more scalable
that way. So don't not publish something
on everything. Publish publish
everything everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Do you think there's an unfair advantage
right now with short form? Like I know
I'm doing a lot of LinkedIn content, but
do you think short form has a certain
virality you can't have like compared to
written posts?
&gt;&gt; Yes, but it's definitely a lot easier to
go viral on LinkedIn today than on X. So
if you had to choose a written platform,
go LinkedIn, but otherwise go short
form.
&gt;&gt; Cool. Sorry not to hop in backstage.
&gt;&gt; No worries. Good question. Elizabeth
asks, "What CTAs are best to use?" And
this might change, but seems like you
push pull a lot of people to
newsletters. How do you think about that
from a CTA side?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, don't make the mistake of

[31:02]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, don't make the mistake of
trying to take a shortcut down the
funnel. If you have like a paid offer, a
course, community, do not do a CTA all
the way down the funnel to there. It
will not do well. it will not perform.
You have to massage people into it. You
got to get them there. They need to
trust you more. So, whatever is right
next down the funnel for you at any
given time. Maybe it's just to be
followed so you know you your algorithm
can have more data points. Otherwise,
newslet or or like long form content. If
you have a podcast or a long form
YouTube channel, push them down the
funnel there.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Fella, if I'm pronouncing that
correct asks, how long did you do this
all by yourself before you were able to
actually hire a team?
&gt;&gt; It's a good question. I probably edited
and published myself by hand two to 300
videos before outsourcing it. And that's
I don't say that's like that's
necessary. You should do that. That's
just how it ended up shaking out for me.
&gt;&gt; Aiden asks, "How are your newsletter
subscribers worth?" I think you
mentioned $10 each. How did you come up

[32:02]
mentioned $10 each. How did you come up
with that number? And back into that.
Yeah, if you look at my whiteboard here,
this says 0.5% follow. It's really 2%.
And then 0.0. This is actually more. 02%
like I said over here. So my theory is
1% of people are going to buy or click
something from you. And so one way to
look at it is all right, I got to pick
that one thing that's the best and
highest use. The other way to look at it
is I need to try a hundred different
things. That way I can get, you know,
30% of people to buy or click something
from me. And so over here, paid
newsletter, which would be this is like
$12 a month over 12 months, $150
lifetime value. 70% of that would be the
profit. $105 if like 1% of people do
that. So basically, I took all of these
potential things. Most of these I don't
even sell, but I could. And I just
basically said 1% of that, what's the
profit on that LTV? Add them all
together. And then I also just know
industry averages like industry standard

[33:00]
industry averages like industry standard
for a business or finance newsletter is
between seven and $15. So worst case
scenario, I just put ads in my
newsletter. I don't sell anything. I
just on a CPM basis, I just put ads in
the newsletter. It's worth about $10. So
if I do execute on this grandmaster plan
here, they're actually worth a lot more
than $10 each.
&gt;&gt; Let's see. Jill, this is a good
question. tips for bootstrapping
solopreneurs
in terms of how to actually scale
short-term video production, especially
when you're looking at creating
efficiencies using AI potentially and
not using AI. Any ideas there?
&gt;&gt; Use AI. So, use scraping tools like
Ampify, API, FY to extract transcripts
from videos in your niche. upload the
transcript to chatbt or whatever and say
you know me rewrite the script for me
with a better hook hopefully a better
promise payoff at the end is super good
for making better hooks or for just
generating ideas like if you don't want
to train the algorithm like I talked
about just say here's my niche here's

[34:00]
about just say here's my niche here's
kind of what I'm thinking feed it some
reference data like here's five ideas of
content that I want to make give me 50
more ideas more similar to these that
cost 20 bucks a month to do that all
right what' you think please share it
with a friend and we'll see you Next
time on the Kerner