[00:00]
Have you heard about Cluey? The caption
is genius. Cheat on everything. It goes
massively viral. They're worth 120 mil today.
This whole experiment is 3 months old. Every
single Cluey related piece of content gets
cross-osted across thousands of accounts,
generating tens of millions of extra views.
Here's everything you need to know about starting
a massively viral clipping farm. If anyone
listening wants to run my clipping campaign,
email me cuz I want to start doing this.
I built a clone of Appfolio using AI and
I know you're paying $2,300 a month. I charge
$23 a month. They're going to have competitors
that do just as much, if not more, for 90
to 99% less. So, why not let it be you?
All right, dude. Please tell me you've heard
about these Cluey guys. Have you heard about
Cluey? I have. Okay, dude. So, let me fill in
everyone. Correct me where I'm wrong because
I don't know this exactly, but these two guys,
Columbia University students, very smart. They
had this business called Interview Coder. And
it was just this AI tool that could help walk

[01:02]
you through job interviews for coders, right?
Through the technical aspects of it, right? So,
they're asking you all these complicated
questions. AI is feeding you answers so
then you can regurgitate them and hopefully get
the job. Then they use this on themselves to try
to get a job at Amazon. They film themselves. They
post it. The caption is genius. It's not ethical,
but it's genius, which is cheat on everything. It
goes massively viral. It gets back to Colombia.
Colombia says, "You can't do this." They kick
him out of school. They say, "Peace out. We're
going to San Francisco to make a billion dollars
in AI anyway." Do I have that right? Yeah. Yeah,
that's the short version for sure. What did I
miss? What else is cool about these guys? Because
there's a lot we can learn from it. Yeah. Yeah.
It's an interesting one. I similarly like have
seen kind of the snippets of it on Twitter. It
goes back to one of the things that Chat GPT said
about your who you are as a human being, which is
like controversy is marketing, right? Or whatever
whatever that line was. And I think that they
just did a phenomenal job of leaning into that.

[02:01]
I haven't tried their tool, so I can't speak to
that piece, but it's one of those where it's like,
yo, if you have something go viral or whatever it
is, like sometimes you just got to lean into it,
you know? And I think that they're doing a good
job of that. Didn't they raise like so much money
also? Yeah, they raised 5.3 million in April. That
was a seed round. Then they raised a series A of
15 million by led by Andre and Horowitz last month
and they're worth 120 mil today. Like this whole
experience experiment is 3 months old and they
probably gave away 10 to 20% of their company. So
these guys are worth 50 million each after three
months as long as they can actually liquidate that
and do the whole thing like on paper. But if they
do a series B, they'll have a secondary round and
pull out. They'll for sure get the second for
sure. And unless AI is becoming unpopular in 3
months, that will happen. Like I was going to
say they have I don't think they have much of

[03:03]
a problem there. Yeah. I mean the the demos of the
product and all those videos like one entertaining
like they do a great job of leaning in but it also
looks sweet. I have not concerns but like I think
at a macro outside of Culie like curiosities
around how this AI stuff will play long term
like almost like a dependency from people on
it, right? Where it's like it is how AI takes
over. It's like AI gets you the job interview,
then you use Cluey on all of your job tasks and
the AI is doing all of your job for you. like at
some point the next big disruptor will just say
or clearly could when they have enough data they
could be like you could just fire that guy we've
been doing their job this whole time anyways
right like and so it just starts to it gets
interesting on like I think about like where does
AI struggle the most and like thinking about that

[04:02]
as the spot to like focus more energy on getting
good at you know there's like AI voices right like
there's like bland AI. There's a handful. I think
you interviewed a couple of those guys, right,
that like run the AI receptionists or whatever.
Yep. One thing that I've seen AI s like really
struggle with is like salesmanship, right? Like
they can be an order taker, hey, you want an
appointment for this thing, but like convincing
somebody that's unsure of something like going
full used car salesman on them, like pulling out
all the the stops, right? Like actual salesmanship
of like that side. that I've seen it struggle with
a lot. It's getting obviously better visually,
but like true creativity is going to be something
that I think it struggles with like cuz it's it's
a model built off of inputs and so like you have
to be able to create something that's more than an
input. And so it's just interesting to watch that
of like you watch a lot of these people jump in

[05:00]
and they're like writing their landing pages with
chat GPT which is cool but like at some point most
landing pages will be written with chat GBT which
then what makes you stand out from that? Probably
the fact that yours isn't. Yeah, right. Like yeah,
I'm curious. I'm starting to notice things in the
real world that like very clearly aren't chat GPT.
Like I was on this subreddit for my favorite band,
brand new, and this guy was sharing his story
about how his wife had a miscarriage and he went
to this concert and it was beautifully written. I
literally had the thought like Chat GP can't write
this. It's like I just know this is a real story.
It just feels raw. And I feel like it's going to
take a lot longer for Chat GBT to close that gap.
Just like it took Elon Musk 12 years after the
time he said that full self-driving would be like
fully autonomous, right? Like we're still waiting
for it, you know? Yeah. It's going to take such a
long time for that gap to be closed to where it's

[06:01]
truly indistinguishable because I'm getting
emails every day. Like not like cold emails,
but like I'm emailing with people and it's like,
"Oh, it's just JGBT. It's just JBT." It's it's
just so obvious. You can just tell. Yeah. So,
I feel like good writers, they're still gonna
like they're just gonna stand out even more today,
you know? But you have to tell like real stories.
Yeah. And you see it you see it on the on the
like the video content that we've talked about
on multiple episodes. It's like you can just tell
like you're AI is not going to replace you sitting
here with me talking about this stuff and the
dynamicness of it and the random you know like
you and I will talk like chat GPT is not going to
go it's not going to context switch funny right
like we're talking about at the beginning it's
not going to context switch quickly based on all
these other different pieces where it's like dude
I don't think it will pull you know, some niche

[07:00]
learning from running direct to consumer ads into
a conversation around PPC for home service the way
that we we do because that's just how the brain
works or at least ours do. I think it would keep
talking about direct consumer or whatever the
actual topic at hand is. And so I wonder about
that sometimes of like I think you lose some of
the other inputs that impact the output. Yeah. I
think that they don't have the breadth of it the
same way that like a human with real experiences
would of like Yeah. One time my mom said something
and I that made me think about this ad creative
differently. Like Chach doesn't have that. Yeah.
Or at least not yet. And I think that that part is
it's actual what it what I would define it as is
true originality. And on the opposite end of that
spectrum, I tweeted about this, but I I found
this YouTube video about Penn State wrestling
and it was like a 20-minute documentary. And I
click on it and I start watching it and I the

[08:02]
voice sounds very realistic, but I know it's AI. I
can hear it's AI. And the way it's talking, it was
scripted with AI. Okay? And the only thing that's
not AI is the video. This guy took B-roll footage
of people wrestling as he was talking, but it was
so well assembled that I watched all 20 minutes of
it and I loved it and I shared it and it was just
kind of an unlock to me. That's like we still need
questions answered and there are still a lot of
pockets of information out there on the internet.
Like when I run a deep research prompt in Chad
GPT about something I'm genuinely interested,
I I read it verbatim. Like of course that's AI.
I'm reading it in Chad GPT. But that's a question
I need answered. And so a lot I completely agree
with everything you said, but on the other end
of that spectrum, it's like we're not going
to care if it's AI in a lot of cases, a lot
of situations because we're getting our question
answered. You're getting the value that you want
out of it. Yeah. So interesting, dude. So back to
Cle. So did you see the founders post? By the way,

[09:03]
they they hit 7 million ARR in two months. I
neglected to mention that. Yep. Yep. So, it's it's
not just an idea. One of the founders of Cluey
tweeted this and I know you're probably in this
boat where when I hear stories about people like
creating dozens of Tik Tok accounts and clipping
all these things and like I have so much FOMO
because that is such an opportunity right now and
I'm not doing any of it. Yep. So, he says, "So,
Clue has hired over 700 clippers and for those
listening, a clipper is someone that takes long
form content and they edit it down. You can use
automation tools like Opus to do this or you can
do it manually. And then they just posted a short
form video and on their own accounts on their own
accounts or like multiple burner accounts and nine
out of 10 times maybe 49 out of 50 times they do
nothing. They do 300 views and then sometimes they
do hundreds of thousands or millions of views.
So Cle has hired over 700 clippers. Every single

[10:00]
Cluey related piece of content gets cross-osted
across thousands of accounts, generating tens of
millions of extra views. Here's everything you
need to know about starting a massively viral
clipping farm. Number one, finding clippers. I'm
going to share my screen real quick, but this is
like gold gold info. So, here's how this works.
I make you free videos. I actually know what I'm
talking about. And if you implement what I talk
about, you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return is that
you hit the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank you. As
always, the answer is to scroll more. Scrolling on
Instagram and Tik Tok. Every single time you find
a clip of anything, DM the account, which is like
such a good framework because a lot of times it's
like, where do I find good clippers? [ __ ] has
like a clipper marketplace and you go to all these
marketplaces and it's it's not good. Why not just
go to the people that are doing it directly,
you know? So he says, "DM the account." Paid
clipping opportunity in quotations gets responded
to nine out of 10 times. The people running these

[11:00]
accounts are hungry Slovakian teenagers. Two,
pay per view, not video. We pay Clippers $0 per
video. We only pay view bonuses. X for every,000
views. This makes sure we lose nothing from bad
clippers. We only pay what we want. When you find
someone good, pay them more. Same with employees.
If you have a good employee, proactively pay
them more. Power law exists in everything,
including clippers. 1% of your clippers will
generate 99% of your views. Make sure the top 1%
are rewarded well and stick with you. Four, make
sure you have enough content to clip. I go on at
least two podcasts weekly. Now, it's interesting.
He's not spreading his gospel with the podcast.
He's just doing it as a as a way, a convenient
way to record video for all these clippers. It's
input. Everyone at Cluey creates content. Our
clippers clip everything. The biggest reason
not to have 400 clippers is because you don't have
have 400 clips a day to post. Make more content.

[12:01]
Five. Tracking ROI. Don't do it. Clipping is cheap
and its value isn't in direct product ROI. It's in
squeezing all virality out of potentially viral
moments. Everyone has made a single post that
flopped. Posting it 699 more times will make sure
you get the virality it deserves. Clipping is only
relevant for YouTube shorts, Tik Tok, Instagram,
where we will start focusing our efforts. We've
done 100 million views in a matter of weeks
and scaling. I believe you can speedrun your
way to Mr. Beast with enough money and clearly we
can't stop making money. It's so good, dude. What
are your thoughts on this? Oh, it's huge. Content
creators are obviously the easiest to do that for,
right? Right? Cuz you're just it's an impression
game, right? You're just trying to get top off
ofunnel awareness across the board. I'm in a
couple W communities for Clippers to see the types
of deals that come through those. And it's like
more people are doing it than you would think.

[13:02]
Like cuz I get the emails every time there's a
new I signed up as a Clipper to see who was paying
what to like have this done. You're a Los Angeles
Clipper. What are you going to say? That's it,
dude. you know, go Lakers though. But yes, I and
so I've been like a lot of it has been podcasters,
right, that are like going and trying to just
go it's impression farming across the board.
The other piece that I've been seeing people do it
in is direct consumer brands, right? Because your
your CPM on those is drastically lower than what
you can achieve through paid channels. The biggest
hurdle that those brands run into is amount of
input content, right? Because like easy for a
podcast to have enough content to clip branded
content, there's not a lot of long form, you know,
style stuff talking about independent products and
and all of those. And so like that's where I've

[14:01]
seen more of the lift being required on the the
brand side. But yeah, I mean the the Clipper game
is uh there's a bunch of people very focused on
it because it it is it's organic on steroids. It's
just like, oh, you can actually have 400 accounts
that are all like your account, but not actually.
You know, why aren't I clipping for my podcast?
Like, what am I doing? You actually need to.
Steven Bartlett credits like most of his podcast
growth to that. and he's gotten so analytical with
it that he has a button underneath his desk like
while he's interviewing someone about whatever and
he presses a button during an interesting moment
and he's basically telling the Clippers, "This
is a good one. This is a banger." At least I he
thinks it is. In addition, in his interview prep,
he will prep questions like solely designed to
engineer a response that's viralable and clipable.
and he's one of the top podcasts in the world and
it's not even for good reason. I mean there's a

[15:01]
little there's a little mark button on the bottom
of this Riverside thing for I use it. I do use it.
Yeah. But it's like it's not super like I don't
engineer any questions that would elicit a viral
response. We just bro down and maybe this podcast
would be less good if I did that. Maybe it would
be more good. I don't know. Yeah. I think keep it
what it is. I think there's good moments that come
out of it. I think it's worth going and trying
to get them to do it. Yeah. Like again, it's a
cost arbitrage experiment through and through.
Like it's not going to cost you any money unless
you get views. So like why not? I think it's
it's also very interesting because when I read
those bullet points about Cle and their success,
7 million AR, 3 months old, 9 figure valuation,
you just think, "Oh, they got lucky. It's AI. Oh,
it's just AI. Oh, just pick an, you know, it's
like blockchain. Just put the word blockchain in
your name and raise $100 million." And there's a
lot of that going on. But then I read, "Oh, these
guys have hired 700." Yeah, they're not. You know,
you use the word hired loosely, right? They've
DM'd hundreds and thousands of people. But that's

[16:03]
a strategy. And it takes a lot of discipline to
pay these randos in Slovakia thousands of dollars
when you don't there's no link to click. You don't
know what it's doing for you. You just have to
kind of feel it. Like the age-old quote is 50% of
marketing works. You just don't know which 50% it
is, right? Yeah. 100%. The good thing with podcast
is like this thing is so predictable. Like I can
guess when I wake up and I look at my downloads,
I can guess within 5% how many downloads I'll get
that day because they don't podcast don't go
viral, right? So if I were to start clipping,
I start to see this unexpected growth. It can't
be coming from anywhere else. We talk a lot about
like just lift, right? like versus like if you're
doing a channel on some of like our Amazon brands,
right? Like we don't change a single thing on
Amazon, but we spend more money direct to consumer

[17:00]
and we see lift. Yeah. On Amazon. And like we just
call it like broadly we call it the halo effect,
right? of like similarly you go and you go and
just put yourself out there on 100 million views
across 600 clippers over the course of six to
12 months and like you are now growing at you
know 18% month overmonth instead of 12% it's like
you can't directly attribute that sure but like
there's lift and so you know what you changed like
you didn't increase ad spend by 50%. Yeah, like
something has to be doing that. And so a lot of
it is like, yeah, incremental lift is how we would
measure like your billboard. The billboard is a
great a great example of that. It's like you don't
have a tangible QR code on that billboard, but
you can see lift in a specific Yeah. demo. And I
got so much crap for it on Twitter. They're like,
"Dude, you're an idiot. What?" First of all, Clear
Channel does not allow QR codes on billboards
because they don't want people doing this as they

[18:01]
drive. Second of all, it's not like I saw Houston,
the city where the billboard was, go from my sixth
biggest market to my first biggest market, whereas
those top five cities never change, right? So,
it's like pretty sure. It's funny how uh oftenimes
like opposite advice is both is always correct,
right? I don't like spending marketing where I
that I can't track. That's what makes a billboard
hard for me to swallow. That's probably the reason
why I haven't paid people to do clipping yet
because I can't track it as cleanly as I can on a
Facebook ad. So, it's like, and I've heard gurus,
and I've said this myself, like only spend on
marketing that you can track, right? And you
drive around the country and you're like, why does
Coca-Cola pay for 10,000 billboards? Does that do
anything for him? You know, it's like, well,
Coca-Cola is probably smarter than I am. But,
you know, in a lot of cases, in certain
industries, certain campaigns, it doesn't
make sense to do marketing that you can't track.
But then in other cases, you've got to like take
the situation not at face value and look into
it a little deeper and say, you know what,

[19:02]
I'm gonna take 10 grand and I'm going to send it
to a bunch of Slovakian teenagers and I'm just
going to hope and pray that my SAS subscriptions
go up or my downloads go up. And if it doesn't,
then it's a $10,000 tuition that I just paid to
Slovakia, right? Yep. I'm a fan. I'm always like
I like movement. Even if we don't know what the
answer is, it's like I don't know. I I always push
for that. It's it's the classic like action. Just
take action. We've had this conversation every
single time that I'm on the pod. Like you're
not going to know until you do something. We
can sit here and hypothesize about it all day,
but like and then we do it and then it's like,
oh, we actually saw no lift from this or we saw a
little bit of lift. Oh, how can we do this better?
It was enough. That's interesting. Like instead
of should we do clipping as the thought that's
on our brain or the question that we're thinking
about all day, it's oh, how do I get clipper A
to do better because he's the one, right? Like
you just change the question that you're asking
yourself. And I see people get caught in that
with the business ideas. They spend all their

[20:03]
time being like, I could do this. I could do that.
What about this idea? What about and they're all
they're having the same thought process over and
over and over again versus you know like people in
the grow faster community jump in and I'm like go
run ads right now like I don't care whatever is on
your mind whatever you're thinking about today it
doesn't have to be a good idea bad idea we don't
know just go run some ads because you're going to
come back to me next week on the live office hours
and you're going to say I ran ads this was my cost
per click nobody booked a call why did nobody book
a call oh got it look it you're thinking about
something else now you're not thinking what idea
I should do. You're thinking about how do I get
somebody of these 150 people that clicked on my
ad to schedule a call. You're like you you're
not thinking about the same thing. It's like
just making the movement happen. And so it's the
same with the Clippers. It's like yeah, go you can
think about launching a podcast, but like just go
launch one. Yeah. Like go hire five Clippers, bro.

[21:01]
Because then you'll have a different We won't have
this conversation of should I be doing clipping.
It's like you'll know. You'll be like, I should or
shouldn't be doing this or I should be doing it a
different way or they need this type of content so
I can create, right? Like I wonder what happens if
those guys you you just give them all your short
form content. Like why do you have to give them
the long form? Give them the short form and let
them clip all that. Those are more viral vibes
anyways. like, "Yeah, actually you you have that
guy in whatever country he's in that just reposts
your videos in a different language and you've
seen how well he's done." Yeah. That's clipping.
He's a clipper. In Hindi. Yeah. Right. Like he's a
clipper. Yeah. And instead of being mad about it,
maybe you're sitting there like, "Wait a sec,
dude. Maybe I am getting some." Well, I post
my videos in Hindi now. Yeah. Because we talked
about it. Yeah. I know we did. and I'm doing it
every single day, but I'm not getting any views on
these things. I don't know what I'm doing wrong,

[22:01]
dude. He's got that Hindi IP address. I know. I
know. You should hit him up. You should hit him
up and say, "Look, you probably should. I will
pay you X number of dollars per thousand views,
but I just need you to put the link to my podcast
in your link in bio." Yeah. And I wonder if he
would make more money by being your first clipper
than he's making doing whatever he's doing posting
your content. Anyways, I've thought about doing
something similar. I've thought of going to the
guys that copy me in English and saying, "I'll
give you 10 cents for every newsletter subscriber
that you get and I'll use UTM parameters so I
know. Just put my link in your bio." Yeah. Like
they're already doing it. You might as well
incentivize it. Like Yeah. Yeah. Go post my
stuff. Like I hope there's a thousand accounts
that post my stuff as long as I'm seeing lift
on what I'm doing in a way that from a cost
perspective makes sense. Who's mad? One of
the guys that copies me has 500,000 followers and
he stopped posting entirely and I kind of want to

[23:03]
like buy his account or something. You should.
Yeah. And hire a Slovakian teenager to run it.
If anyone listening wants to run my clipping
campaign, email me chris@cofounders.com because
I want to start doing this. Yeah, there
you go. I'll send you an email right now.
I'm going to just pose an opportunity to you and
I want you to come up with a business idea for it
on the fly. No prep. All right. So, I'm going
to share my screen. Guy in my community. So,
tkowners.com. His name's Al. He sent me this email
and he says, "Hey, in my city, which I think is
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, they publicly post all of
the new business listings on the website." and he
basically said like, "What would you do with this?
What business could you start around this?" So,
I'm sharing my screen of the April 2025 new
business listings. A pristine clean, Ava Cafe,
Specialty Hospital, Baze Oyster Bar. These are
local businesses. What kind of agent or SAS

[24:03]
product or vibe coding product could we build
that leverages these? Because surely there's a
lot more cities than just Baton Rouge, Louisiana
doing this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. These are business
owners that either have money or are expecting
to spend money, right, on stuff. Yeah. I mean,
it comes the first question I always ask when
when people bring stuff like this to me is like,
what do you want out of it, right? And so, like,
do you want to go launch a software business on
the back of this? Do you want to just maximize
this for income? Do you want to create enterprise
value? Right? Like, you got to build a little bit
of a box for yourself, right? If your goal is make
as much money as possible in the shortest amount
of time as possible off of something like this,
you're talking about a service business. If it's
for a business that just started, you're like,
it's marketing. Like, yeah, lead genen forever
will be a service that you can sell is like we

[25:03]
help you get more customers in whatever vehicle
you want. You just use that list as a unique angle
to get in the door. I thought, right? Or you
go you go one layer deeper, right? And instead
of starting the service agency yourself, you take
those and you sell them as leads to other service
businesses. We're thinking the exact same thing.
Yeah. You go take every new business. And you can
do that. You I mean, most secretary of states like
Texas is notorious for it. Like you see all those
guys like the moment that you file for an entity
in Texas, there's companies that will send out
automatic like mailer direct mail campaigns to
the address saying hey for $99 we'll claim your
EIN for you or you're right whatever that is and
it's like dude you can get your EIN for free. But
like most people don't know what to do with that.
Yeah. I had an employee pay $80 once because she

[26:04]
got a letter that said, "Hey, you're registered
in the state of Alabama, but you don't have your
workforce posters up on the wall showing like
what your employees rights are. You need to buy
those for $80." So, she just wrote him a check
and they arrived. I'm like, "What are you doing?
We get those for free. That's a scammer, but it's
smart. I respect that scammer." They like, they're
playing the game. But what they're doing wrong is
they're doing they need to go one step further.
They're doing the lazy route. Because if you
remember when I shared my screen, all they provide
are the name of the business and the address.
They're just scraping the address and they're
sending the generic mailer to it. What you need to
do, this is what I think someone should do is go
to replet or whatever and vibe code an agent that
scrapes this every morning and it it just plugs in
like, "Hey, John's restaurant LLC just opened in
plug in city name Baton Rouge, Louisiana. I really
need John's email. I need you to find his email
whatever you can. Go to LinkedIn. Go to Manta,
find his email, send him this cold email. Hey,
John, I do marketing for insert industry name

[27:05]
here. Can we hop on a quick call to where I can
help you get more customers? And then, so you send
out a hundred emails every morning. I do marketing
for salons. I do marketing for coffee shops. I do
marketing for whatever. And so it feels real
to them. It's relevant to them. It has their
first name. It's going to their email. You're not
competing in a a seed in the direct mail. Yeah.
Exactly. because these guys go check the mail for
the next month and they see 10 things that are
all the same. So, they all go in the trash. But
if you show up in their email or in their text,
then you'll stand out. And then you could either
start a $2,000 a month marketing agency or you
can sell those leads for 50 bucks per call to
local $2,000 a month marketing agencies. Yep. The
difference between the 2,000 or the selling it of
$50 is a matter of scale and speed to significant
income. That's always what I tell people is
like making $10,000 a month on your own is a lot
easier if you're selling a higher ticket product.
Software generally is not that. And so like you

[28:03]
might want to jump into software cuz it's sexy,
fun, cool, whatever. But if your true goal like
at your core is to not work a 9 to5 or replace
your income or hit a specific income target,
service is the easiest way to make that happen.
And again, it like gets the ball rolling. It's
like every service, not every single one, but most
of the service businesses that I've been involved
with have stepped into software after because like
that's just the natural progression. And so like
I would go be the $2,000 a month agency. If you're
just starting from scratch and you have that data,
I would just be the agency and then start just
making money. Like prove to yourself you can
do that. Quick question. What if there were
a private community out there of people that
were building businesses based on this podcast?
Well, I just made it and it's only for business
starters and business builders. It's called TK
Owners and it's basically like having me and
100 other business geniuses as your business
partner, but you give them 0% equity. Also,

[29:04]
there's going to be exclusive new trends,
growth hacks, business ideas, and a database
of everything I've ever talked about. You'll
find thousands of startup case studies. You'll
have weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll
answer your questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out every week and
helping members one-on-one. We've got exclusive
guest speakers, including some names that you'll
recognize. And if you're building something cool,
I'll introduce you to anyone you need. TK Owners
is the fastest way to plug into a smart, ambitious
group of builders and accountability partners that
are sharing wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an energy drink
per day. You can join now at tkowners.com. Link in
the show notes. Dude, I've got another agent idea
for you. You ready? Yeah. Always. Two companies,
huge companies. Rentmanager.com, appfolio.com.
They're just they're CRM and rent collectors for
landlords, property managers. Okay. Y and they
are so expensive. You go to their website and

[30:00]
it's like click, you know, call us for pricing.
Enterprise schedule demo. Schedule a demo or
they charge per door. It's five bucks per month
per door. And it's like to you and I, we've got
a three or four rental properties, whatever.
But for a lot of companies, that's thousands
of dollars a month. And what do they do? It's it's
just software that can now be vibrated. Okay. So,
someone listening to this, someone within the
sound of my voice, do exactly this, dude. You
go to builtwith builtwith.com.450 bucks a month.
Don't spend that. Go to upwork.com. Little post,
free post. You've spent $0. say, "I need a
builtwith export of all of the AppFolio and
rent manager websites." And you can get this. I've
checked on builtwith because they use subdomains,
right? You go to pay your rent, you go to
appfolio.js rentalomes.com, right? Very easy to
scrape this list. Boom. Now you have all of their
customers. Okay? And then you just start a cold
emailing campaign and you say, "Hey, I see you uh
use Appfolio. I built a clone of Appfolio using AI

[31:02]
and I know you're paying $2,300 a month. I charge
$23 a month for unlimited units. Unlimited. Like
that's what's going to happen with Vibe Coding and
AI is the Salesforces of the world, the Oracles,
these big stodgy companies that charge way too
much because they can, because coding is hard,
or at least it was until a year ago. They
are going to get disrupted out the yin-yang.
They're going to have competitors that do just
as much, if not more, for 90 to 99% less. So,
why not let it be you? That's my rant. 100%.
Yeah. No, you're on you're you're spot on. I mean,
like I see it there's I forget the guy's name.
There's a guy on Twitter that did it where he was
doing that for Buzzrout or like any of the social
media scheduling apps. Oh, his company's called
PostBridge. PostBridge. I forget his name, but
it's post I think it's postbridge.com and that's
basically his entire business model was like it's
like buffer. Okay. Yeah. Buffer like any of those

[32:02]
like and it's just social media scheduling and
it's way cheaper. These are commodities now.
CRM are commodities. Yep. Social media scheduling.
Kalanly that's a commodity. Like a year ago these
were proprietary IPdriven assets. Today they are
replicable commodities. Yeah. Yeah. And I think
that I mean we've seen it happen with internal
tooling right now with AI just like it's the arc
that continues to be of like internal tools or
softwares that we would have been paying for and
especially on companies that are bigger that are
spending $2 million a year on Salesforce that are
spending $82,000 a month on Appfolio where like
you can come in and you don't even have to go from
$2,200 to $22 a month. You could even go to $220
a month, right? And mathematically, they're still
good. And so, yeah, I think that that will be a
very interesting macro trend. I'm curious how that

[33:01]
impacts stock, like the stock markets. I know,
right? Like that'll be a super business. Like,
they're too entrenched, right? Like, if you're a
billion dollar company, it's still way too much
work to go swap to something a little cheaper,
right? But they're going to lose the lower and
lower mid markets that like I don't know if it was
you or somebody else was talking about their buddy
that like rebuilt something for them and like
charged his own business like the company that
he worked for. He rebuilt their CRM or whatever it
was and saved them a bunch of money and then like
got paid as the service like as the SAS guy as
this new software that he built. And it's like I
see that happening more and more and more like it
forces the incumbents to like really double down
on which I think I transparently is what I think
will end up happening is I I don't think that the
sales forces of the world are dumb. I think that
they will just say, "Hey, we are launching an AI

[34:04]
co-pilot for Salesforce, right? That allows for
you to make all these customizations and stuff
a little bit easier, right? Like they're going to
have to react in some way. The pricing like price
becomes the biggest. You clone and charge less,
right? Like price is then your value prop. I think
the slippery slope of that is it's literally a
race to the bottom. Agreed. Like an absolute race.
If you can capture that first batch of $23 a month
customers, they're never going to leave you for
something that's 19 a month. They're not going to
Yeah. They're going to It's sticky. It's like the
the rate of diminishing returns. Like they're not
going to leave to save $4 a month. Look what I'm
doing right here. Hit it. Yeah. No, they would.
They would. But there is a floor to it somewhere.
Yeah. All right. For those listening only, I
went to g2.com, which is the website for software
reviews. And it's just such a good website to
mine data. And nowadays, we don't have to do

[35:04]
this ourselves anymore. We can use AI. So, I went
to G2 and I went to software. I went to sales
tools. I went to CRM. And of course, Salesforce is
number one. They have 23,360 reviews. Salesforce
salescloud. Okay. I took the URL, copied it, and
then I'm going to go to Manis, which is what I
use for just doing like quick one-off agent
tasks. Okay? And this is I think I have the
$20 a month account. Nothing too crazy. And I'm
going to paste the URL in here. And I click the
little agent button. And I'm going to say I want
you to find all of the features of Salesforce that
get referenced the most in a positive way. So you
can do one of two approaches. The surface level is
like I want to find all the complaints that people
have about Salesforce so I can fix all that. No,
I want to find the, you know, because Salesforce
has 1,800,000 million features. I want to find

[36:01]
the five that everyone's talking about because
that means it's the five features that everyone
uses. It's funny because like these companies
pay thousands of dollars a month for Salesforce
and most of their employees are just using it to
search by email address. They just want to know
their customer's email address, right? So, I just
want to know like what are those three Salesforce
features that everyone uses, the most basic
ones, because then I'm going to build a really
lightweight Salesforce alternative that only has
those three features. Yes, we can feature creep
later. We can add whatever we want later. But
like it's a feature, not a bug, of us having less
features, if that makes sense. So, I'm gonna say,
I want you to find all the features of Salesforce
that get referenced the most in a positive way.
And then it'll just get to work. It's scraping
and it'll go to page two. It'll go to page three
and then it will tell us like what type of CRM to
build. What would you do here differently? No, I
dude I was just thinking that like we talk a lot
about pros and cons of AI, but also dude, I just
love AI. It's just it's just so awesome. It's just

[37:03]
amazing. Oh, got to get the verification. There
you go. That's all right. It will handle the
errors on its own. You have to reply, dude. I'm
using Have you heard of Kora? C A.M.Cut. I don't
think so. It's an email agent and they were invite
only. Now they're open to everyone. It summarizes
your emails. It's finally the email agent that
can like learn from how you email and then it
will draft them and then you can choose to send
them or not. Anyway, Lindy does something similar
and I'm using both of them in my inbox today to
just summarize my emails and uh I was joking with
Kamal that like they were fighting and like I
was thinking like we're probably not too far
away when like we have competing agents that are
like going and canceling each other's like monthly
plan. Like we're not we're not down. Yeah. Like,
did you know you could save this many dollars
by cancelling Lindy? Dude, I'll just do all that
work for you, dude. That's a whole other business.

[38:01]
Imagine embedding yourself in a company with 10,
100,000 employees and saying, "Hey, I'm going to
install AI agents on all your inboxes." So, your
employees spend an hour less per day emailing and
you just install $10 a month software for them.
That's it. Yeah. It's like the role of all the
integration specialists at the software companies,
right? like you go buy an enterprise plan from I
don't know like a superhuman or a Kora or a right
like any of those types of tools and they're like
yeah we're going to help you roll this out with
all of the team members and all of that. It's
the same like as the race to the bottom happens.
I think that there's a world like that was the
bet that we made with unlimited content, right?
Like the individual components of AI technical
writing and backlinks are all getting commoditized
via AI tools. Yeah. Right. Search atlas AI auto
really good. There's 9 million blog writing tools.
Backlinks as we talked about before is like the
own its own thing. It's just like paytoplay. And
that's what we aligned ourselves to is like, cool,

[39:04]
we know that our costs as an agency to fulfill
on these services are getting cheaper and cheaper
and cheaper and cheaper. Let's align ourselves as
the service provider on top of those knowing that
the market knows that. Well, we're not selling
we're not selling the fact that we have like
some secret sauce that you couldn't access. It's
like, no, no, no, we're using all of these tools.
We're going to save you the time. And if you were
to go and do this yourself, you would spend the
same amount of money that you pay us to do it.
We have economies of scale and expertise. Can we
align ourselves to that a little bit more directly
versus like going out here and being like, "Oh,
$2,000 a month SEO agency. We don't tell you what
we do." Like, no, no, no. We're using the best
tools on the market. We tell you that. It's why
we charge $500 a month, not 2,000, because we're
just the operator sitting on top of that, being
strategic using the tools for you. And so, like,

[40:02]
I don't know. I've just I've I've been thinking
about that more and more as all of this happens
of like there is this kind of micro service layer
on top of this AI stuff of the people that don't
either do not have the time nor the desire to
learn how to use the tools but know that they can
leverage them and just aligning your price point
to that better where like we're super sticky now
because like we're not $2,000 a month. You're not
looking at us like dude we're spending 30 grand a
year on this agency. like I saw this AI tool can
do it for 99 bucks a month and it's like no no no
the guys at unlimited are using that tool and this
tool and this tool and I'm only getting charged
500 a month like it's the transparency thing
like the world is moving in the in the way of
transparency. You can't hide anymore. You don't
you don't want to. It's like a parent saying I
don't want to talk to my kids about porn or or
drugs because then they're going to go that's
going to give them the idea to go shoot guns and
look at porn. And it's like, dude, you got to get
ahead of it. It's a matter of if, not when, right?
Like, I don't want to talk to my customers about

[41:03]
these AI alternatives cuz then there you got to
embrace those alternatives because they're about
to embrace them from someone and they'd rather do
it with a party that they already work with, know,
and trust. Yep. Might as well be literally our
game. Yeah. To a tea. Okay. Sour drinks. I'm going
to call it right now. I'm starting to see it. You
think it's up into the right, dude? This is what
Google Trends shows. I mean, I mean, it's slow,
but why not? What are the spikes, dude? What are
those spikes every year? Is it always like, dude,
April comes around and people get on their little
sour kick? They're like, dude, it's summer. Let's
get sour. Dude, here's here's an idea. I want
to buy Celsius or ghost energy drinks that don't
have caffeine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 100%, dude. So,
there's there's a brand based out of Sweden called
Noco. N O CCO. They have caffeinated versions and

[42:00]
then they have non-caffeinated that have BCAAs in
them. The amino acids. They actually have a green
apple that is phenomenal. Dude, sour green apple
soda is so good. I I bought some uh ingredients
on Amazon. I'm going to start messing around with
sour drinks. I'm going to make a sour busy juice.
Yeah. Some citric acid and some malic acid. That's
all you need. All I'm saying, sell it as a mix. I
know. For sure. It's so much easier. It's only
dry goods, dude. That's what I've That's what
I've been learning. Selling bag powders on the
internet. Look, dude. Every every soda is just
sugar water, dude. You know what I mean? It's all
It's all the same thing. Speaking of sugar water,
any update there? I told you I ran into the supply
chain issues and all of that. I bought the mini
bags. I've been getting repeat orders, okay, off
of the QR code on the back of the bag. And so,

[43:00]
like, you know, maybe a couple times a week I'll
get a little 68 bucks. I had a $100 purchase two
days ago, dude. Off a repeat buyer. They bought
three bags in April and then bought six bags. And
you'll love it. And my book, $100 AOV. Dude, got
to get the book, dude. Hummingbird Attraction 101.
If for no other reason, you can't let this
business die because it's my third most viewed
YouTube video of all time. It's never gonna die.
50,000 views. I'm really excited to get on the
pod 12 months from now. Okay. Because I started
this one like right at the very beginning of
hummingbird season, right? And so like I had to
work through the kinks during the busy season.
Now I've got kinks ironed out, dude. And I'm ready
for next year. I have some bad news for you. This
is going to keep you up all night. This guy tagged
me on Instagram and it's called Hummingbird Hype

[44:00]
Fuel. Hell yeah. And I have to imagine since he
tagged me on this, he learned about this from the
pod. So, you're inspiring some competitors here.
That's fine. You're you're going to go broke,
man. I know. Uh it's all good, dude. I love
competition. Yeah. No, it's all good. I think
more people should. Market share is big, dude.
market's big. Like I was saying, we went up to
Sequoia National Park for the fourth and we stayed
at this Airbnb like I don't know hour and a half
outside the park and it was like I'm talking the
middle of nowhere. There was one one commercial
facility that was the bar, the restaurant, the
general store, the all of it. And I walk in there,
dude, and they've got I'm talking this this
place stocks like one box of Raisin Brand,
right? Like limited inventory. You know what
they did have, though? hummingbird actor.
I was like, "Catch me. Catch me up here, dude.
Camp Nelson. That's California. I'll be up here.

[45:02]
It's all good. I'm going to make it happen."
All right. Well, we'll follow up. Every time
you're on, I'm going to ask you. All good.
I mean, it'll be pretty boring, I think,
in the winter, but I don't know. I'm going to
play with it, dude. Not to jump around too much,
there are a few Tik Tok accounts or a few
companies on Tik Tok growing like crazy and
their whole niche is like extremely sour homemade
candy. Yeah. So, and they're they've got hundreds
of thousands if not millions of followers and
people get the reaction videos when they try
it. Yep. Who's doing that for shippable powders?
Like it would be even easier to ship than c than
candy for drinks. 100%. Yeah. Like I'm a big fan
of form factor, right? Like like when I think
about business ideas and stuff or changing form
factors. Yeah. Where it's like you sell protein,
right? Loosely, but like inside of that you have
protein powders, protein shakes, protein drinks,
protein bars, protein gummies, like like you
have all of these form factors. And I think

[46:03]
that there's like you could go I mean you see
it with with creatine right with trycreate.com
phenomenal product where he was just like all
he did and we've talked about this before right
it's like all he did really was like change the
form factor of creatine it was always sold as a
powder that you added to smoothies or drinks and
he was like gummies right and it's like he's not
selling anything new he's still selling creatine
just the form factor of that is a little bit
So video is cool, but you know what's better?
Long form audio via podcast and my newsletter,
tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very tactical.
And then go to my audio podcast. Three episodes
a week, stuff like this. You're going to love it.
All free. No sleazy salesbitch. tkopod.com. I've
just been thinking about that a lot of like, you
know, people put pressure on themselves to like
come up with this like genius new business idea,
right? cuz you start you when you're coming up in
entrepreneurship, you're looking at the the Zucks,

[47:03]
you're looking at Elon, you're looking at these
like I'm going to call them inventors more than
entrepreneurs, right? Like inventors like versus
like business guys that like took something that
people are buying and operated a better business
around a specific thing. And I think there's tons
of those little form factor type offshoots of
existing things that people can go and jump on
really easily. Like cuz you're not reinventing
the wheel. You're just changing. Maybe you are
reinventing the wheel. No, you're not really.
You're just like you're you're adding You're
like my wheel has four spokes instead of six,
dude. You know, it's like But it's still a wheel,
right? Did you see that like hands-free toothbrush
that they're selling? Yeah. On social media. Yeah.
Yeah. They have like tens of millions of of
dollars of sales. Yeah. I have zero. I mean,
everyone uses a toothbrush. Hopefully, I mean,
maybe not in Alabama, but outside of Alabama,
everyone uses a toothbrush. I've heard rumors
about North Dakota, too. I don't know. And and

[48:04]
it's just they're changing the form factor. And
then these other guys, direct to consumer guys,
took toothpaste and they just turned it into like
like a chewable. And it's like, oh, you don't have
time to brush your teeth. Let's do the 8020 of
brushing teeth and just chew this. Yeah, 100%.
It's just form factor. What was that? Is that
Bites? Is that I think so. Bites did that. Yeah,
they again. Yeah, it's toothpaste, dude. They
just changed. It's uh I mean Neurogum is another
phenomenal example of that. Like it's caffeinated
gum. Like they're still they're selling the same
thing that Red Bull is selling. It's just
gum, right? There's another dude that's doing
caffeinated I don't know if it's a chocolate bar
or protein bar. I forget the name of it now, but
it's the same thing. It's like Yeah, just like a
little something special in this same form factor
that people buy on a different use case that they
want. Game over. Well, dude, have you heard of uh
Run Gum? You and I talked about it before. Yeah.
Best name ever. Exactly what we're talking about.

[49:05]
It's just gum with caffeine for running. Guess
what their sales are? 28 million dollars. Yeah.
I mean, and you can get a c-acker to make that for
you for sure. Go find a company on Thomas Net that
makes gum and say, "Hey, throw 22 milligrams of
caffeine in there." For sure. And then you go find
a packager. Yeah. It's like the big What's the
big uh Kodiak cakes? Yep. Right. protein pancake
mixes, protein baking business, right? It's like
they still sell pancakes, bro. But it's I like
looking at opportunity kind of through that lens
a little bit where it's like what else is is a
form factor thing. I think about it on on even on
services like one thing that we're starting to to
do on like the backlinks like an SEO backlink side
is like backlinks traditionally are like I'm not

[50:04]
going to say hard to get but you have to like know
what you're doing to go and get them right like
you got to go to the right suppliers. It's easy to
get screwed on a Fiverr where someone's like I'll
get you 500 backlinks for six cents and it's like
dude they're low quality, right? like all of that.
And then the way that you normally would go about
procuring good backlinks is through an agency,
right? Which you're either paying a heavy retainer
on or a markup really on those. And it's like,
dude, why can't why can't you just buy back links
on a Shopify store, right? Like why can't you just
log in? And we buy a lot of backlinks for all of
our clients. And we deal with the pain of going to
97 different providers of which one provider could
have six good backlinks and three bad backlinks.
And like we've done that like we've spent the
money to know all of those pieces. I was like,
"Dude, what happens if I just put it all in one?"
And it's like, okay, it's just different form

[51:01]
factor. You know what I mean? I like this. I like
this. All right. Two ideas for you. Sub ideas.
Number one, you just it's literally a Shopify
store as if you're looking at a merch store
and it's it's backlinks, but you you reveal what
the backlink is. I understand the risk in that
that someone will circumvent you, but they don't
know the person to reach out to at the company.
For instance, I got an email today from a follower
and that said, "Hey, check out this article about
BIES in Barrens, Barons News, like Barren.com
and uh they he's like they they mentioned you
and I clicked on the article and they linked to
us like five times in an article and they have
these products and these products and they sell
bies because they don't sell online." And then I
go to mozz.com free domain authority checker and I
type in barren.com. 89 domain authority out of 100
and it just came. I didn't ask for it. So, yep.
To your point, there's a Shopify store. And this
would be hard, right? I'm not saying this would
be easy. It's hard to get back links. But once you
have someone at a company, either large or small,
to provide backlinks, then you can have that

[52:04]
person give you all kinds of backlinks. So, you
say, "All right, now I got a guy at Baron's." He
might not say yes to everything. If he doesn't say
yes, then you refund him and you say, "All right,
$150 Baron's backlink." Or that's idea number
one. Idea number two as part of this form factor
is you just filter by domain authority rankings.
So it's like $150 for one backlink with from a
domain authority that's between 85 and 92. So you
don't know it's barren. No one can circumvent you.
You know what you're getting because that's the
problem with almost every backlink site out there
is that they can promise it's high quality.
They're usually not. You might need above 50
domain authority. And for those listening, domain
authority is just like literally a score between
zero and 100 of how much authority a website has
according to Google, right? And the value of a
backlink from a higher domain authority site means
more to your SEO rankings because of their you're

[53:03]
like borrowing the domain. If in Google's eyes, if
somebody of that high caliber links to your site,
you must also be of high caliber. And so your
domain authority will go up. your rankings go
up by getting mentioned in high authority site.
Yes. And to give you an example of what it can do,
that article on Barren went live yesterday.
I went and looked at our Google Analytics and
I saw that barren.com was our like 19th
most popular referring site for the day,
which is bad. It's not good. It was like 17
clicks. But I don't care about that because
what you can't quantify immediately is what that
does for your domain authority, for your keyword
rankings across thousands of keywords, right? So
yeah, if bies.com links to us on their homepage,
it's going to be number one and it's going to be
the most life-changing thing ever for the company,
but their domain authority is much much lower than
someone like Barren. So yeah, I would prefer BIES,
but all else equal, I want any site, whether it's
relevant to Texas Snacks or not, to have high

[54:00]
domain authority, right? Yep. And so ours, the the
model that I'm playing with is Yeah. basically go
in get full transparency on all of them and order
like literally like you said like get a backlink
on Barons for X price which like backlinks are
relatively paytoplay anyways like you might have
a connect at Baronss but like if you want him to
be doing that regularly the man's getting the man
or woman or they is getting paid right like yeah
I'll pay you 150 bucks and then I go to the client
And in our model at Unlimited Content, it's just a
15% flat markup that we're very transparent about,
but other agencies will mark that up 400%. Like,
and they won't tell you who it's through or what
it's for, right? Like, it's just kind of an
opaque world. And so, like, I think I'm going
to follow more of like the Costco membership model
of like, look, we're not going to charge a markup

[55:00]
on any of these backlinks, but you have to pay
us a hundred bucks a month for access to them.
Yeah. So, are you saying you're going to actually
test this? I already did. Dude, what? We're not
supposed to actually do things on this podcast.
We just talk about things, right, dude? I know.
I It's It's fitting that we talked today, but
I literally was like sitting around last night.
Lauren was packing envelopes for our uh Save the
Dates and we were just watching Cheaper by the
Dozen and I just had my laptop open. I was like,
I should just test this funnel, dude. Like, let's
just see if we can do it. And so launched a a $1
free trial funnel. Zero pro dude. I do not have
the marketplace built. Like I tinkered in Shopify,
but like nothing that I could show to a customer,
but like yeah, hey, sign up for this $1 trial and
let's see what happens. We got we got some homies
coming through, dude, on Facebook ads. So you just
you say you built a funnel. You just launched a
Facebook ad campaign to Yeah. a landing page
that went to a one a $1 trial Stripe payment

[56:00]
link just to see if I could get cold traffic to
pay for it. What was the offer? Do you want to
show your your landing page? Yeah. Yeah, I can do
that. I want to see this. What did you build the
landing page with? Oh, perspective. Dude, you
better put my affiliate link in your in your I
will I will I'll hook you up. Prospective landing
pages. Perspective. Perspective.co. Perspective.
Yeah. Okay, screen share. You are like the tool
master. You know every tool. Thanks, dude. In the
world. You're a giant tool master. I'm a big tool,
dude. Tool. Yeah. So, this is the lander. Super
simple. It looks horrible on desktop because
no one's looking at it on desktop. A Facebook
ad. But like literally the Costco of backlinks.
Stop wasting money on lowquality backlinks. Get
real results without the markup. Direct access
to wholesale link prices for 83 bucks a month.
100% money back guaranteed placements. Done.
Right? What do you get? High quality backlinks

[57:00]
for a fraction of the price. Access to all of our
partners, no markups or middlemen, right? Like
that's the that's just the value stack. We also
we we already do a bunch of press releases for
all of our clients and unlimited content. And so
we do this super Yeah. from ourselves basically.
But like Okay. Yeah. So we'll just rip that case
studies. And the the nice part for me which is a
little bit different than what some other people
can do which is like just to be super transparent
is like these are clients of unlimited content.
So I can I can actually say they're c like you
got a little unfair advantage here. Yeah. Like
we've done this so I can that's a good framework
because people should launch businesses where they
have an unfair advantage and everyone listening
to this has an unfair advantage in something.
Maybe it's your your background, your history,
the job you have, what you're passionate about.
It doesn't have to be a bunch of money. Yeah. It
doesn't have to be your network, all of it. And
so, yeah, that's basically sit in my chair now.
We're good. Yeah. So, I can sit here and like put
case studies because like these are people that
we actually bought back links for using the same
backlinks that we're going to sell, right? So,
it's like I can I can do that a little bit easier
than somebody popping in and being like, how can I

[58:04]
just make up the number of customers? Like, yeah,
you decide your own ethical line, but like we
since we have unlimited, I can do that better.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, start ranking like become a
member, browse inventory all the way through all
the FAQs, all the fun stuff. So, and then just ran
the ads at that. What did you do to the people
that paid? What did you email them or? Yeah,
immediately. And and just refunded them and said
that we'd reach out when the platform's ready.
Okay. Wow. Yeah. Obviously, you're not going to
be profitable at a dollar, right? But what what
was your like your cost per acquisition or cost
per lead? We average like $21. for that dollar,
which like that's really no VSSL. Yeah. Like I'm
happy. It's an$ 83. You're telling them it's an
$83 a month offer, right? Yeah. And so it's in
my brain I go cool. If 25% convert on that trial
and break even on I haven't decided if I'm going
to like like this was very early stage testing,

[59:02]
right? And so like I haven't decided between a
three-day trial or a seven-day trial, right? Like,
and it's all just a cash conversion cycle question
of like, cool, if I can get people at 80, if I can
get $20 trials at 83, I'm either in a 25% trial
conversion rate, I'm breaking even on a three,
it will be three, five, or seven days. Like, I'm
not going to do a 30-day trial. And so then I can
go and spend on on ads pretty aggressively. But
it was cool. Like it's one of those it's like you
just get the and I to be clear I also turn the ads
off because I don't have a product to sell but I
like prove that I could sell it. So now I get to
go build it next week and it'll go live. Maybe by
the time this episode comes out depending on how
fast Muhammad is. But you know he's pretty fast.
He's quick. I know. Dude, there's there's so much
I want to say. First of all, anyone listening,
Sam is a bro. He's a bro of the pod and he's
inviting people to compete with him because he's

[1:00:03]
also trying this. But we don't we don't hold back
the juicer. We don't we don't withhold secrets,
right? Come compete, dude. Come hang out. Come.
I love it. And if you listen to episode 164,
that was like my most downloaded audio
episode ever. It's about a guy that builds
directories. And I don't remember if it was $50
or $500. I don't remember. But in the episode,
he talked about how he really shelled out for a
very relevant backlink to his directory. And that
$50 or $500 investment nets him like two to
$3,000 a month in like ad just like Mediavine
ads on his directory. That's it. 100%. And that's
the power of a good back like not a backlink,
but a good backlink. It has to be relevant. It
has to have high domain authority. We could have a
nine-h hour conversation around backlinks. Like we
spent a bunch of money on them and and all of our
SEO agencies, but it's like you get the right one
in there and you think about backlink placements

[1:01:04]
strategically, you can actually see like massive
lift. Like what we think about when we when we
look at clients is like backlinks are like paid
ads a little bit, right? Like if you're ranking,
if anyone's like thinks about how they use Google,
there's kind of like three buckets, like three
tiers of what we call like click density. And so
like the the highest clicked on links are one,
two, and three, right? So like top three is where
you see the most the most clicks, right? Then you
have seven through 10, right? The rest of the
first page. And then you have 11 and on, right?
kind of like classic paro principle, right? Where
you get the clicks. What we do from a strategic
perspective when we're thinking about backlinks
is we go and look for where you're on the cusp of
the next tier, right? Because for you guys, like
let's take Texas Snacks as an example. It's like
if you're ranking number 11 for something and then
you go get $300 worth of relevant backlinks for

[1:02:04]
that 11 page and move to number 10 or number nine.
Yeah. you actually can arbitrage the cost because
you're not Yep. The difference between being
number eight and number seven is pretty minimal,
but the difference between nine and 11 is
meaningful. Same with like or five and six
or five and three, right? It's like and so when
you're when you're thinking about that and a lot
of this is going to be educating people on how to
selfserve backlinks and like be smart about how
they go about it, we are going to offer a free
backlink strategy when you sign up as a member.
So, like we'll help them kind of coach them into
best using our product. But like when you're going
through and doing those, that's those are the
opportunities that you're looking for of like,
yeah, like a $500 backlink could equal spending
$500 a month on Google ads if you're buying the
right one. You just only have to pay for it
once or as frequently as your competitors
are buying back links, right? Like that's the
thing. It's so funny how I mean like Google and

[1:03:02]
Facebook these trillion dollar companies and a
large reason for that is because of like just
the slow death of ads because we set these daily
budgets. It's like yeah do 20 bucks a day. That's
not that's not much. 20 that's $600 a month.
Like what else in your life? $200 a year do
you pay $600 a month for? But but you you break
it down on a daily basis which is why you always
see ads that's like for less than the price of a
coffee per day. like that stuff works, right? So,
when it comes to backlinks is like $500 for a
backlink, are you an idiot? That's going to pay
dividends for a decade. Whereas your Facebook
ad, once you turn that $20 a day budget off,
it doesn't care about you anymore. It's forgotten
about you. I just had a sick idea off the back
of that, which is I'm definitely going to let
people buy back links with buy now pay later.
Like CLA. Yeah, I'm for sure. I'm for sure gonna
put CLA on this thing. Why? Why would you? Yeah,

[1:04:00]
you get this you get this backlink for four
equal payments, 0% interest. If I can buy a
dollar50 hot dog at Costco on buy now pay
later, you should buy back back links with
it. I'm just saying. I'll throw it on there.
I'll see what's good. Oh my gosh, dude. So,
that'll be a fun one. That's a good idea. I really
like the idea of saying not like buy 10 backlinks,
but buy this backlink from these guys, this one
from these guys, this one from these guys. All
right, what' you think? Please share it with a
friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner