[00:00]
Guys, you can't see this. I know because
you're looking at my face, but I
literally have tingles on the back of my
neck because of what just happened. I
hit record. I showed my clock. No
audience plans, no fakery, no trickery,
and I launched a business from idea to
customer that said yes in under an hour.
Under an hour. Now, you can see this
video is way shorter than an hour
because there was some technical
difficulties. We edited out some crap,
but I shared my clock at the beginning
and I'm sharing it right now. And it
took about 56 minutes to go from, huh,
here's a business idea to actual real
business owner in my local area that
doesn't know me. He's never heard of me.
I didn't find him because of my audience
to say, "Yes, I will pay for that
service." One of the biggest
opportunities in the world right now is
AI voice agents, specifically AI after
hours answering agents for home service
businesses. There are thousands of home
service business niches. There are 30
million small business owners in
America. Most of them are local sweaty
startup home service business owners.
Most of them are not answering their
phone after hours. They're missing out
on jobs, multiple hundreds to multiple

[01:01]
on jobs, multiple hundreds to multiple
thousands of dollar jobs because they're
watching Netflix with their wife. Now
they don't have to choose anymore. They
can have an AI robot answer their calls
for them. It sounds real. There's not a
long awkward pause. It can take down
their name and number. It can transfer
them directly to the owner in bed if you
want. Only if the AI discerns that it's
important enough, that it's high ticket
enough. But these business owners don't
know how to do it themselves. That's
where you come in. And I know you don't
know how to do it either, but I'm about
to show you. I'm going to show you how
to get the customers and how to fulfill
the service in a matter of minutes. And
basically, with three or four software
tools that almost all offer free trials,
you can validate, test, and launch this
business and know if it'll work before
quitting your job before going allin.
So, I share my screen. I sent 50 texts
to business owners. I picked the niche.
I created an AI voice agent. All on
camera. My heart's pounding. You're
going to love this. Enjoy.
It's 9:41 in the morning right now. I'm
about to show you. It's actually very,
very simple. You can do it in just a few
clicks in a few minutes. This is

[02:00]
clicks in a few minutes. This is
something that you could charge 20 to
$200 per lead for, as in every time they
get an after hours call, you swipe their
card. Or you can charge hundreds of
dollars per month for this, and it costs
you close to nothing per month. So,
without further ado, let's get started.
I had to start by brainstorming some
high ticket home service businesses that
are likely to get after hours calls. Why
high ticket? Because they can pay more
for leads. Why after hours? Because
those guys are more likely to need my
service. Like if your toilet starts
spewing water at 10 p.m., you're going
to call a plumber. But plumbers are
actually a lot more sophisticated than
you might think because private equity
has already gotten a hold of the big
three: plumbers, HVAC, and electrical.
So, I'm not going to go there. I'm going
to go for something high ticket,
something that gets after hours calls,
but that hasn't already been attacked by
private equity. And I chose garage
doors. It costs between $400 and $2,500
to get your garage door fixed. And if
you're trying to go somewhere at 10 p.m.
and that thing won't open and you can't
leave, you're going to call a guy. And
most likely that guy sitting at home
with his phone on silent watching

[03:00]
with his phone on silent watching
Netflix with his wife and he's losing
out on hundreds and thousands of dollars
until you come in, until I come in. So,
I'm going to start by scraping a
database, removing all the landlines
because I want to text these business
owners. And then only after I have an
interested fish on the hook am I going
to build an AI voice agent. And it's
literally going to take me seconds.
We're not going to file an LLC. We're
not going to build a website. We're not
going to make a business plan, a
business name, a logo, none of that. We
need to start by getting our first
customer. So, let's get to scraping. I'm
going to start by going to
useoutscraper.com. Also, if you want to
get a discount, this is not an
Outserraper sponsored video, but you can
use my affiliate link to get a discount
in the show notes below. All right. Now,
remember, I started this at 9:41 in the
morning. I'm going to edit out the tech
difficulties and all that, but I I want
you to know how long this actually takes
me in real life. So, once we're in
Outscraper, we're going to go to brand
Google Google Maps data scraper, and I'm
going to say garage door,
not supplier. I'm going to go to Dallas.

[04:01]
not supplier. I'm going to go to Dallas.
So, I'm in DFW and I want to choose DFW
cities because it's going to be more
likely for me to close customers here
even if I never have to meet them in
person because they people want to buy
from people that are local. So, I'm just
going to type in a handful of DFW cities
for Worth McKini
and Allen. These are like some of the
biggest suburbs in Dallas for Worth
area. All right, maximum results. I'm
going to do a thousand. And
you can choose one of these packs. I
just want their phone numbers, honestly.
Phone is not blank. That's all I want.
All right, we're going to click get
data. Now, it'll give me an estimate of
how much this costs. $928. Boom. 8 to 30
minutes. Now, it was interesting that
Google Maps doesn't have a garage door
repair category. I was kind of surprised
by that cuz they have thousands of
categories. But if you at least search
the keyword, it's going to show me some
garage door suppliers and some garage
door repair companies. So, I'll just

[05:00]
door repair companies. So, I'll just
have to filter out the irrelevant
results. Now, I'm going to go to tasks.
Says it's in progress. While we wait for
this, let's go set up our AI voice
agent. All right. So, I am going to log
into my highle account, and I'm going to
use their AI employee feature. And they
do have like a 30-day free trial for AI
employee, which means you can test and
launch and validate this business
without spending hardly any money.
You're going to spend a little bit on
the scrape, a little bit on the texting
software, but we're talking under a
hundred bucks, and you can know if
you're in business or not. All right, so
I'm going to go down and do explore
voice AI. Okay, look at this. This is
brand new. I've not set up anything
beforehand. I'm going to click create
agent, and I'm going to create custom
agent. I'm gonna say Chris's YouTube
video.
Business name. Chris's garage door
repair. Voice Jessica. Jessica sounds
good to me. My time zone. We're only
setting this up for inbound calls. And
we're going to change the welcome

[06:00]
we're going to change the welcome
message to just say, "Hey, you have
reached Chris's garage door repair. How
can I help you today?" Okay. Knowledge
base. Now in time after we actually
launch this business, we do want to
import a knowledge base which you can
use Chad GBT to generate. A knowledge
base is just going to be something like
here's our price for a double garage
door repair, a single garage door
repair. Here's our search charge for
afterhour calls. Or maybe the whole
knowledge base is just like let me get
your info. We'll call you first thing in
the morning. Or it responds with let me
patch you forward to the owner real
quick. Which you can also do with this.
Most of these people will know that
they're speaking to an AI, but they'd
rather speak to an AI than nobody. And
when they call your competitors, they're
not speaking to anyone. They're just
going to voicemail. So, in a perfect
world, you use the AI to get their
generalized data, name, phone, email,
address, and then you patch them through
to the owner, especially if the AI can
discern that they are highly motivated
to get a job done ASAP. So, here's how
this works. I make you free videos. I

[07:00]
this works. I make you free videos. I
actually know what I'm talking about.
And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a
better life. And all I ask for in return
is that you hit the subscribe button and
maybe even the notification bell just
like that. Thank you. All right. Names
to collect. Name. We don't need their
email, address, and we're already going
to have their phone number. So, let's
just do name and address. I want to
receive an email when the call is over.
And I'm not going to mess about
triggering a workflow with this because
that gets a little complex, but it's not
even necessary for this. Okay, let's go
to my phone number pool. I have a number
saved in my highle account that's a
local area code number, which is another
reason why I want to scrape people here
at local to DFW. And my working hours
for this agent is going to be 24/7. All
right, now let's go ahead and test this
thing out. Let's see if it works. I'm
going to put in my number. This is my
personal cell phone number attached to
this iPhone right here. And I saved the
number because my phone normally ignores
unknown callers. So, I saved it. Let's
see how it goes. All right, it's

[08:00]
see how it goes. All right, it's
calling. That didn't take long. Hey, you
have reached Chris's garage door repair.
How can I help you today?
&gt;&gt; Yes, my garage door is not opening and I
need someone out here as soon as
possible.
&gt;&gt; Got it. That sounds frustrating. Let's
get this sorted out quickly. Can I get
your name, please?
&gt;&gt; I'll make sure everything's set up for a
prompt call back.
&gt;&gt; My name is Chris.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Chris. Just to confirm, that's
CRIS, right?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thanks for confirming, Chris.
Could you please give me your address so
we know where to send our technician?
123 Maple Lane.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Just to confirm, that's 123
Maple Lane, correct?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for confirming your address. A
team member will reach out to you as
soon as possible to get this taken care
of. We always aim for a quick response.
Is there anything else you need help
with right now?
&gt;&gt; No, that's it.
&gt;&gt; Thanks again, Chris. Someone from our
team will be in touch shortly to help
with your garage door. Have a great day.
&gt;&gt; All right, 1 minute 14 seconds. It got
my information. Let's see what got
captured here in high level. There's the

[09:00]
captured here in high level. There's the
exact transcript. The recording is
available. It's just hasn't been
uploaded yet. So, it will be there.
There's a summary. Then you click save.
And then I will get an email summary of
the call as both the agency owner, the
business owner, and the garage door
owner would get an email of that as
well. So, that's literally it. We talked
about these AI voice agents. I just
created one. It took a couple minutes.
What's crazy is like six months ago, I
emailed this guy from this company that
was Silicon Valley funded and it's an AI
voice agent for small businesses like
these and he raised a ton of money. He's
got employees and he's doing great. He's
crushing it and I'm sure his calling
service has a ton of other features that
we can't create in just a couple
minutes. But what's crazy is now just a
few months later, we can recreate that
same experience, almost the same
experience with just a few clicks under
a 30-day free trial. But let's get back
to my scrape and see if I have this list
of all these garage door business
owners. All right, it says it's going to
finish in about 10 minutes. So, when you
actually set up this AI voice agent for

[10:00]
actually set up this AI voice agent for
a business owner, you're going to want
him to have his own dedicated phone
number or you can port in his existing
phone number. Use Highle to create a
workflow after that call is made to
forward the homeowner directly to the
business owner, but only if the
homeowner asks a few questions in a
certain way. So maybe they say, you
know, it's not urgent. I just wanted him
to know that I have this problem. Cool.
I'm not going to forward you. But if
they say, "My pipe is burst. My house is
flooding. Please let me talk to the
owner. I need him here now." Then you
would just tell the AI in this very
simple workflow builder to forward the
call on to the owner. And if he doesn't
answer, then you can set up secondary
and tertiary people for the AI to
forward on the number to. Now, if you
click switch to advanced mode, you can
go into chat GPT and say, "Hey, I need
you to make a knowledge base or script
for my AI voice agent. You are an after
hours AI voice answering service for a
garage door repair company called
Chris's garage door repairs." And you
can plug in this exact prompt that you

[11:00]
can plug in this exact prompt that you
see here with the background info,
instructions for handling callers
queries, general rules for handling
callers queries, and script
instructions. You don't need to think of
all these things yourself. just have
Chad GBT do it for you. That's your
knowledge base. It doesn't need to be
complicated. It's basically one prompt
and then every time a call is made, it's
going to refer to that prompt and answer
accordingly. All right, let's see if our
scrape is done. Boom. Okay, here's what
we're going to do. We're going to click
the Google Sheets button and transfer
all this data into Google Sheets. Boom.
Look at that. How beautiful. How many
results do I have? Highlight the column.
Look down here. 513 results. Awesome.
What did it cost me to run this scrape?
$111.
$111 for over 500 results. Can't beat
that with a stick. Now, this is a very
important part of the process. We need
to clean up this data because there's
too much going on here. 90% of these
columns we don't need. So, I'm going to
show you exactly how to clean these up
in the most efficient way. These are all
the columns I'm going to delete. A C. I
mean, really, I'm going to delete almost

[12:02]
mean, really, I'm going to delete almost
all of these columns. I want the name of
the business. I want the website. I want
the address. But most importantly, I
want the phone number. There's the phone
number in column Q. There's another
phone number in column A. That one's
going to be more accurate because this
one came from Google Maps, which is more
exhaustive. And this one came from
company and insights, which is probably
some database like Manta, and those are
a lot more hit and miss. I mean, you can
see that only about 60% of the numbers
are present. So, we're going to delete
column AB, and then we're going to
delete all of these other columns. Boom.
Let's put filters on here. They're all
categorized as garage door suppliers
because there is no category for garage
door repairs. But here's what you can
do. Highlight column C and column B. Go
to format, conditional formatting,
format cells if text contains repair.
Boom. Now we can see in green all of the
businesses that have the word repair in

[13:00]
businesses that have the word repair in
their name. And we're going to start
there. Now granted, there will be a lot
of other ones that don't have the word
repair in their name that still repair
garage doors, but we're just trying to
keep this simple for now. Then you can
sort by color, fill color, green. Okay,
so now we're only left with 144, which
is okay. And some of these companies
just have multiple locations, but it's
the same company. To keep this simple, I
want to identify the repair companies
more easily, but I'm still going to
enrich all of the data cuz I only have
542 leads. So after I remove all the
landlines and bad data, I don't want to
be left with too few leads. So the most
important thing I'm going to do here is
I'm going to go to column A where the
phone number is and I'm going to go find
Ctrl+F. Click these three dots and I
want to find plus one space. I want to
remove all of the plus ones and all of
these phone numbers cuz I want to
standardize them. And then I'm going to
find all the dashes and replace those
with nothing because I want to
standardize them. So now on all the
phone numbers, you can see they're

[14:00]
phone numbers, you can see they're
standardized. But some of these
businesses have one phone number but 10
locations. So I want to remove all the
duplicates. So now I'm going to
highlight all the cells. I'm going to
click data data cleanup. Remove
duplicates. Data had as header row.
Unselect all. Go to column A phone. And
I'm going to remove duplicates based on
everything found in column A. Boom.
There are only 10 duplicate rows. That's
good. Now, also I'm going to do
something very important here. I'm going
to sort them all by phone number. And
I'm going to make sure that there are no
blanks. And this will be important for a
reason I'll show you here in a minute.
I'm going to delete all of these
columns, even that phone number. I don't
need any of this stuff. Now, remember,
this data cleanup process will be the
same no matter what industry you're in.
This is not just for garage doors. So,
don't skip over this part. This is
important. All right. Now, I'm going to
sort these numbers by fixed line,
landline, or mobile. And I'm going to
delete everything else. See, a lot of

[15:00]
delete everything else. See, a lot of
these, it doesn't know if it's fixed
line, landline, or mobile. So, I'm going
to delete them cuz I don't want to take
the risk. I'm only going to keep these
cell phone numbers. Now, we started at
512 or 540. We're left with 153 cell
phone numbers. So, I'm going to delete
these columns. I don't need them now.
And I'm left with all these. Okay. Cool,
cool, cool. So, now we're ready to text
these guys. So, we're going to go over
to Straight Text. And this is my
favorite app for doing bulk texting. I
love it because it sends your text from
your MacBook or from your iPhone. You
don't have to have an iPhone or MacBook
to use it. You can use Android, you can
use PC, but it is statistically proven
that text have a higher response rate
and higher open rate if they are in blue
because about twothirds of Americans use
iPhones and they trust text more if it's
in blue. Don't kill the messenger. So,
we're going to click new broadcast. And
we can put in custom variables like
first name or last name, but we didn't
scrape those. We're not worried about
this for this. Quick question. What if
there were a private community out there

[16:00]
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
Owners, and it's basically like having
me and a hundred other business geniuses
as your business partner, but you give
them 0% equity. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me, while I'll answer
your questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out
every week and helping members
one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest
speakers, including some names that
you'll recognize. And if you're building
something cool, I'll introduce you to
anyone you need. TK Owners is the
fastest way to plug into a smart,
ambitious group of builders. and
accountability partners that are sharing
wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an
energy drink per day. You can join now
at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
So, I'm going to duplicate this sheet
and I'm going to randomize. If you still

[17:01]
and I'm going to randomize. If you still
don't believe that there's no audience
plant after this, then I just can't help
you. If you use this formula equals rand
open and then close parenthesis and then
double click it, that will add a
perfectly randomized number into each
cell. And then if you sort it smallest
to greatest, greatest to smallest, it
will perfectly randomize this list.
Okay? And so I did that here. And then
I'm only going to text 50 people. Now
remember, actually, let me do this. I
want to sort by the ones that have
repair in the name. And then everything
else is random because I want to text
people that are more likely to be my
customers. So I'm going to delete
everything after this row because I'm
only going to text 50 people. And then
if we want to go back and text the other
80 or so, we can go to this tab right
here. So about half of these have
exactly half of them have the word
repair in their name and the other half
don't. So we're going to go file,
download CSV, back to straight text.

[18:00]
download CSV, back to straight text.
We're going to do this upload CSV.
Choose file out scraper 50 valid phone
numbers found. And then I'm going to
type my message.
So you don't want the message to be over
160 characters because then it's going
to be two SMSs. And then if it does go
out via Android and not iMessage, it's
twice as many. It it just breaks up the
text. It doesn't look as good. Also, the
best reason to not make your first text
too long is shorter texts have a higher
response rate. That's just a fact,
right? You're going to want to tell them
everything all at once because you're
excited. Don't. I'm just trying to
validate that they own the business that
I think they own first. We'll get to the
sales pitch later. So, here's my pitch.
Hey, I'm here in Dallas. Do you fix
garage doors? I found you on Google
Maps, Chris. I'm going to say, "Do you
still fix?" Because that's going to like
cause them to be like, "Yeah, I still
do." Yeah, I'm still. Why wouldn't I
still be in business? I'm putting my
first name in there so they can see it's
coming from a real person. I'm putting
the word Dallas in there so they can see
that it's somewhat local. So, yes, they

[19:01]
that it's somewhat local. So, yes, they
are thinking that I need my garage door
fixed, but that's just how the pitch has
to be if we want them to respond. So,
this is all going to be in real time.
Okay, it's 10:23. We've been at this for
about 42 minutes so far, and we're going
to send a text to 50 people. It does say
undifferiated messages. Your iMessage
could get blocked. It is good to put
like a city name or a first name in
there. I highly recommend that. I'm not
going to because I didn't take the time
to scrape the first names and only some
of these had city names. But, you know
what? I take that back. I'm going to add
city names. I'm going to do something a
little tricky. I'm going to add a
handful of different city names just to
make the text more personalized. All
right, we're going to download CSV.
Boom. All right. Now that we have 50
phone numbers, they're all cell phones.
Half of them have the word repair in
their name. Half of them don't. We've
added city names so we can personalize
the text message. We want them to be
somewhat unique. They won't all be
unique because there's not 50 different
cities, but they'll be more unique than
not having any custom variable in the

[20:00]
not having any custom variable in the
text. So, we're going to click upload
CSV, and I'm going to say, hey, I'm here
in Dallas. I'm here in first name
because remember I put the city name
under first name. And then I'm going to
click save broadcast. And then I need to
see that they look okay. So you can see
that it successfully imported the first
names or the city names as first names.
Now let's do it. Let's see. All right.
Look, you can see here as they send, is
it blue? Is it green? Android vers
iPhone. And is it putting in the right
custom variables? This says it's putting
in Plano in this case. So what's cool is
if I go over to my iMessage, boom,
there's the text right there. They're
sending green. Green. That one was red.
Boom. First response. So, I am surprised
to see so many Androids. Maybe because
they're Google voice numbers or
something. But look at these responses
I'm getting so far. 1 2 3 4. Four

[21:04]
I'm getting so far. 1 2 3 4. Four
responses out of 12 sent. Go over here.
Now, I'm not going to respond at all
until all 50 are sent out. All right,
let's hit the fast forward button on
this.
We're done. Look at this. 50 cent. All
done. Here we go. Boom. Look at our
analytics. Boom. Let's see what our
response rate is in the first 5 minutes.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
out of 50. That's like 30% over 30% in
the first 10 minutes, which means we'll
probably end up around 60 or 70% which
is insane. I mean, look at all this.
Okay, let's get to responding. All
right, so I just kind of made this up on
the spot. Awesome. Do you answer your
phone after hours? The reason I ask is
because I created an AI voice agent that
will I'm going to say for garage door

[22:00]
will I'm going to say for garage door
repair companies that will answer your
calls 24/7. And you only pay me 50 bucks
when you close a lead from one of those
calls. No contracts, no money upfront,
no risk, free setup. You have nothing to
lose.
And the AI agent sounds like a real
person. All right, that's my pitch. I
haven't optimized it. I haven't AB
tested it yet. I just made it up on the
spot. I want them to know it's for
garage door repair. It's for them. I
want them to know that I'm local like
them. They have nothing to risk. They
don't have to pay me anything upfront.
They don't have any contracts. Now, if
this business grows and it's successful,
then I'm probably going to change this
pricing. I might require a contract. I
might require money upfront. I might
require a monthly retainer in addition
to per lead or maybe only a monthly
retainer. I don't know what I don't know
yet. But anytime I'm launching a
business, I don't want the price to get
in the way of the business being
successful or not. If this business
doesn't work out, which most don't, I
don't want it to be because of the
price. I want to have a killer offer

[23:00]
price. I want to have a killer offer
even if it doesn't make me a lot of
money. So then I can adjust and raise my
prices later on. So I'm going to copy
this. And don't get me wrong, if there's
demand for this, I will start this
business today.
You don't need to twist my arm to get me
to start a business. I'm going to put my
full name in there.
Boom. All right. I'm going to count how
many times I send it. Two. Three. 4.
Five. They said no. 6
7 8 9 10 11
17 That guy said he doesn't fix them. 18
All right, I've sent my pitch to 18
people. That's 18 out of 50. About 20 21
have responded so far. We're closing in
on a 50% response rate. Only a couple of
those said they don't repair. So, as

[24:00]
those said they don't repair. So, as
suspected, we can rest assured that most
of those garage door supply companies
are actually garage door repair
companies. And maybe about 10 to 15% of
them are actual supply companies. All
right, let's count our no thanks here.
No thanks. Oh, that's another pitch.
That's 19. 19. Yes, I repair. Oh, any
interest? Yes. Okay, that's a good sign,
guys. I don't know these guys. I don't
know anyone that fixes garage doors. Go
Google this guy's phone number. It's an
actual garage door repair business owner
here in DFW. I'm like I have tingles. I
literally I don't know if you can see
that. I literally have tingles on the
back of my neck right now cuz I just got
a yes. Like no, I don't have his money.
Yes, he probably won't close. Most deals
never close. But I got a yes in under an
hour. Guys, look. 10:39. You see my
clock? We started at 9:41. It's been
under an hour. Okay, that's 20. not
interested. Okay, so these are really
good numbers. Let's extrapolate real
quick. 550 uh garage door companies,

[25:01]
quick. 550 uh garage door companies,
like five cities in DFW, but that was
probably half the population. Okay, so
let's say there's a thousand garage door
companies in DFW. DFW is about 2%. It's
really closer to three. Let's say 2% of
the US population. Okay, so a,000 * 50
because to get 50 is 2%. Just take my
word for it. 1,000* 50 is 50,000. So,
we're talking about 50,000 garage door
repair companies in the US. Let's be
conservative. Let's say there are
30,000, 20,000. It doesn't matter. Okay?
And already I have one of 50 to say yes,
I'm interested. I want that. I don't
know that he'll close, but one of 50.
Okay? That's a 2% yes rate. Not response
rate, but yes rate. That's massive. If I
can close one out of every two of those,
which I really think is conservative,
then that means I can close 1% of
everyone I text. Okay, so there's 20,000
in the country. I text all of them.
That's 200 customers. They each pay me
$500 a month for this. That's $100,000 a

[26:02]
$500 a month for this. That's $100,000 a
month. $100,000 a month, $1.2 million a
year. Your costs are almost nothing. You
don't need employees. If interested,
we'll reach out at a later date. For
now, we handle everything in house. It's
not a no. And here's the thing. All
those other people that didn't even text
back at all, they don't know what I
offer. I could easily convert them at
the same rate, right? So, I'm getting a
2% yes rate after only 40% of people
have responded. So, to think that I
could convert 1% of these is very, very
conservative. So, I'm like I'm super
amped. I mean, look at my watch. 10:42.
I've been going at this since I hit
record an hour and 1 minute. And it took
about 56 minutes to get my first yes.
This was not staged. This was not faked.
There are no audience plans. This is a
high ticket home service. Charge per
lead, charge a flat retainer per month,
garage door, foundation repair,
sprinkler repair, landscaping, roofing,
gutter cleaning, it doesn't matter.
There are thousands of home service
niches. Every single one of them could
use an AI voice agent. I would love you
forever if you use my highle affiliate

[27:01]
forever if you use my highle affiliate
link in the show notes. You'll get 30
days free instead of 14 days free.
Almost every other sign up link out
there for High Level is 14 days free.
Mine is 30 days free. I'll get a little
kickback if you use it. No sweat if you
don't. It's honestly the best AI voice
agent that I found when it comes to ease
and speed to launch. There are other
ones that are more customizable that
have more features, but they're more
complicated as well. My heart is
pounding right now. Someone needs to
start this business. Please do it for
me. Do it for yourself, for your family,
so you can quit your job. Thanks for
tuning in to the Kerner office. Share
with a friend and we'll see you next