[00:00]
Would it be possible to start this business
with literally zero dollars? Yes. The worst case
scenario was that I would make my money back.
It's zero risk if you do it that way. Really,
anywhere there's people, this business will work.
There's a lot of ways to get free stuff. Would you
guys take a minute and look at this freaking
23-year-old guy right here? That's my friend
Kyler. And he makes $10,000 a month simply by
renting out these ugly $50 washers and dryers
on Facebook Marketplace of all places. He has
zero employees. He works 5 hours a week. and he
has a three-step process to doing exactly
all this that I'm about to show you. So,
come with me. All right, Kyler, I have to ask, of
all the businesses that a 23-year-old can start,
what got you thinking about washers and dryers of
all things? Yeah. So, ever since I was like 21,
I loved posting on Facebook Marketplace. Okay.
Uh rental ideas. So, I started out with a nine
square in the air game. Uh it's like a Utah Mormon
game. Got nine kids. I would rent that out for
maybe a couple hundred a month. started renting
out paddle boards only on Facebook Marketplace.
Facebook Marketplace only. Are you like paying
to boost these or is it just organic? Uh I would

[01:03]
do it organic and then boost it if it got any uh
interest. Okay. Um but I would love to test ideas
that I didn't own. So like excavators, chainsaws,
luxury bathrooms. You didn't own You didn't own
this stuff? Didn't own any of it. So why are you
posting it? I would just take a screenshot off of
Google to test it to validate. Sure. Okay. I ain't
trying to buy it unless I unless it's tested. No,
we're in the land of the cheap right now. This is
Utah. Hot tub rentals, pool rentals, dump trailer
rentals, everything like that. And you're just
you're just like a cook in the kitchen. You're
you're in a lab. You're experimenting. Yeah. I
mean, I just put them up. I mean, if the photo
didn't look real, it didn't get a lot of hits. But
I was always trying to find like these micro like,
oh, if I have 50 things rented out or whatever at
$20, I mean, I'll make $1,000 or whatever. Yeah.
Always checking like chat GPT or like uh internet
things of like what should I rent? And I don't
really know how I came up with it, but I just one
day I put a washer and dryer there. I have no idea
why. And you said the photo needs to look real.
It needs to look real. That's an important part of

[02:00]
it. They can tell. I don't know if it's Facebook,
the algorithm, or the people, they can tell if
it's a if it's a blurry screenshot, you don't own
it. So, I put a washer and dryer for rent. Then,
I went on a a cruise cuz I did summer sales and
they paid for a cruise. And when I got back,
I had no service. And there was like uh 30 people.
At that point, I did not own a washer and dryer.
So, we're talking about 30 messages on Facebook.
Yeah. messages about washer and dryer. Renting the
washer and dryer. How much did you list it for? I
listed it, I believe, for $50. I feel like there's
got to be a secret sauce to like how you're
wording these Facebook Marketplace posts. Oh,
no. There there definitely is. Okay. When are
you going to show me? I'll show you that when
we go inside. All right. We got to get inside
then. All right. All right. So, $50 for a month.
For one month? Yeah. Okay. And these are like
the high efficiency like the fancy ones or The
only experience I had with washers and dryers is
I delivered some for like a third party company.
Like I was a third party company. Okay. But I had
no idea what I was going to buy. High efficiency
old ones. I just took a random screenshot from
the internet. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But it wasn't too

[03:00]
blurry. It wasn't too blurry. It looked real.
It looked real enough to get some hits. So,
and out of those 30, I messaged them all back.
Yes. Are you still interested? Yes. Are you
still interested? Yes. Are you still interested?
Okay. And somebody in Orm was like, "Yes, can you
install it tomorrow?" Okay. So then I live across
from RC Willie. It's like a Home Depot in in Utah.
And I bought my first set not knowing anything.
After you had rented it out after I had rented out
before you had spent any money. Yes. Okay. And let
me be clear like Facebook Marketplace is all about
time to respond, right? Yes. And you did that
wrong. Cruise. I did it very wrong. Despite that,
you you found a buyer. You found a renter. Yeah.
There is there was enough interest. And out of
those 30 people, I think maybe like three or four
were like actually interested. Wow. Okay. Like,
yeah, I want to rent this. I mean, a lot of people
think it's for sale for $60. So, they click it and
then I'm like, did you not read the title? for
rent, right? What did this tell you about this
idea? Because at this point, you'd already listed
all kinds of random stuff. Were you hyped at this
point? I was very hyped. I didn't sleep for like 3
weeks, probably. What What were you doing instead
of sleeping? Well, I just had a vision. I'm a
very I can I can observe. You're a visionary

[04:01]
man. Yeah. I can I can see it before it happens.
Okay. So, I was like, "Okay, in Utah, you have
six months of hot, six months of cold." So, any
rental idea sucks because, okay, you get a boat,
you can't rent it during the winter. You get a
razor, you can't rent it during the winter. Yeah.
You get something in the winter, you can't rent it
in the summer. So, I was like, washers and dryers,
they all year round. And it stays in their house.
So, I don't have to worry. Like, it's just a very,
very niche rental idea. You know what I mean? And
so, you knew kind of what to expect after posting
anything. And this blew your expectations out of
the water. Lot of interest. And then I just like
the idea like with the paddle boards, I had to
meet with them every day and like clean them all
off. But I like the idea of like, oh, I'm going to
go put this in someone's house and forget about it
and they're just going to pay me monthly. And I
knew it was going to work. And I also knew that
the worst case scenario was that I would make my
money back. Okay. So, you get this thing rented
out. You don't have any legal agreements, no
contract, no insurance, just like a thumbs up on
Facebook Marketplace, right? Yep. So, you go to RC
Willie to buy this machine. How does that go? So,

[05:03]
I went with my little brother cuz we were going to
go install it. Talked to the sales guy. I told him
I wanted the cheapest one that like was going to
last longer and definitely was the most expensive
set I bought. I bought three of them actually
that day. So, the first set you ever bought
ended up being the most expensive you ever bought?
Yeah, they were like $1,000 each. It was like $450
for a washer, $450 for a dryer plus tax. And you
bought three sets? Yeah. How much of like your
life savings did you put into this business? Um,
within the first like month, I probably put half
of it or more. Half of your life savings. Half
of my life savings. That's into it. a promising
Facebook marketplace post. Yeah, I love it. All
right. All right. So, $3,000 worth of washers and
dryers. Do you go straight from RC Willie to that
first customer or what? I believe so. Yeah. Went
to the first one. It was a Forplex and Orum.
I had not tons of experience installing them.
It took like maybe probably took an hour longer
than it should have. Probably took 2 hours. Got
it all. And the first one was kind of a failure
cuz like their dryer vent was completely full

[06:01]
of lint and I didn't even know that was a thing.
So, after like the of the house was full of lint.
You didn't know it's cold. The dryer vent of the
house was full of lint. And so like 2 hours later,
she calls me and I bought nice enough dryer where
it doesn't work if it's full of lint cuz then it's
going to cause a fire. So I'm like, "This already
sucks." The very first one I put in, they're
already calling me the dryer doesn't work. I don't
know how to fix it. So then I went back, I bought
the stuff to clean the dryer vent. Now you're in
the vent cleaning business unexpectedly. And now I
just tell them, "Go call your landlord. I ain't
touching your vent. Okay. Okay. But but yeah,
I was in the I was in the vent cleaning business.
I got her all going. I made a went to Google Docs,
printed out a contract that is not legally binding
at all. Okay. And she still to this day pays cash
app the 15th of every month. November 15th, 2023.
Wow. That was your That was my first install. Did
it feel good? The 15th of December was amazing.
Yeah. That was my first uh $60 of passive income.

[07:04]
Free passive income. All right. So, first install
was November 15th, 2023. Yep. How did those first
30 days go? Uh it was pretty exciting. I think we
did like four or five installs in the next like
2 weeks. The first person paid cash app and I was
like, if I'm going to scale this, I do not want to
text people and have them like remind them about
their payment every month. So then the very first
thing I figured out was like looking up payment
processors. I found Stripe. I was like, I think
this is going to do what I need to do. I can make
subscriptions, process all the credit cards. So,
that was the first thing. And then I was like,
there's got to be a way to get cheaper washers
and dryers. So, I called all the wholesale places
in Utah. I just told them like, I'm a property
manager. I'm a builder. I need a 100 sets. Like,
I was just telling them like I didn't want to tell
them I'm running a rental business. So, I just
told them that I was a property manager. I needed
a lot of sets. And they gave me a bunch of quotes.
And I gave them $30,000 to get my first x number
of sets. I can't remember how much it was. So, why
didn't you want to tell them that you were renting
these out? I just didn't want them to know what
I was up to. You thought they might charge you

[08:03]
a little extra. Charge me extra. Tell me it's not
going to work. And I was like I was in my lane. I
knew it was going to work. So, I didn't need to
hear the hate. So, I just just rather tell them
like, "Oh, it's probably normal. Like, property
managers need to buy a lot of washers and dryers.
So, I'll just pretend I'm a property a 23-y
old property manager." It's kind of like if
you were to roll up in your cyber truck, they'd
be like, "Oh, the price just went up." Right. I
wish this thing was mine. Oh, that's not yours?
No, my car's over here. This isn't that type of
video. All right. How did that first 30 days go?
The first 30 days were exciting. We did, I think,
four installs in November. Then we did like 17
in December, and then like 13 in January. We
installed all of the brand new sets that we had
bought from the wholesale place. When I say we,
I'm talking about me and my little brother.
Okay. So, like 35 sets? Yeah, around 35 sets.
100 bucks a month each. They were paying between
$60 to $85 each for each set or for each unit?
For each set. Okay. So, let's call it 80 bucks
times 32. So, $2400 a monthly recurring revenue

[09:02]
about that. Yeah. In your first two months,
give or take. Yep. Holy crap. All right. Now,
when did you learn like I don't need to buy the
newest nicest machines anymore? In fact, I'm kind
of worse off when I do that. Yeah. So, after I had
run out of those sets, I was like, I'm curious to
know the original picture that I posted was a new
set. Okay. And that was part of the whole pitch of
like, you're going to get a new washer and dryer.
And I would literally take them out of their box
in front of their house and put them put them in
it and they loved it. Yeah. But then I was like,
from what I can gather and observe, these people
just want a washer and dryer. So then I put a a
really old used set for the same price and it
did the same thing. It got a lot of hits. And
I was like, "All right, let's go let's go buy some
of these." And so I'm guessing it probably didn't
even get many fewer hits, right? And that was kind
of the big unlock. Like what why am I buying these
new? Yep. So, the use sets are like anywhere from
$0 to 200. What are we talking about? 0 here. How
you getting free sets? There's a lot of ways
to get free sets. Okay. What are you going to
spill spill the beans here? So, the three ways
to get free sets. You go on marketplace, type

[10:05]
in free appliances. The turnover for washers and
dryers is insane. Okay. Every day there's hundreds
of washers and dryers posted getting sold. People
are moving. People are moving. They break. They're
getting upgraded. In Utah County there is like
Yeah. It's just like liquid. All right. So, if
there's a lot of washerdryer turnover in any given
market, what's the secret to getting these suckers
for free? So, you just type in broken appliances
or free appliances. And a lot of times you'll find
at least five to six listings that are like these
need to go. We're moving on Friday. First person
to get them can have them for free. That happened
yesterday. I checked them yesterday. Nice washer,
nice dryer that are both working. So, you can
get free sets that way. And then at the time,
so there's three big used appliance stores that
sell appliances. and I would do their deliveries.
The person would buy a set. I would go deliver the
set and pick up the washer and dryer and typically
one of them was still working. Then I would fix
the other one and then you have a technically free
washer and dryer set. Okay. Is there any like
special filtering you do when you're searching

[11:03]
for these or it's just the keywords? I
just put the keywords in free appliance,
broken appliance. Um and it's kind of first to
get there get to it. Yeah. So you need to have
some way to haul them. But honestly, you can
find good sets for like $100 and $200 all day
every day on So, let's just say hypothetically,
you had a friend with a trailer or a truck. You
found free units. Would it be possible to start
this business with literally zero dollars? Yes,
you you could start this with zero if you Let's
just say Okay, so my barber, my neighbor, okay, he
cut my hair two days ago. I Okay, he did a great
job. Yeah, he said he'd give me a girlfriend. So,
we'll see. Okay. Okay. So he he has a washer
and dryer in his salon washing the towels,
right? His n someone was cutting his uh someone
came in there and offered him and gave him a free
washer and dryer. So this man has a free washer
and dryer and he would he he's going to rent him
out. He posted them on Facebook yesterday. He's
going to rent him out and he'll make $60 $70 a
month with one set and he's excited. So that's an
example of he he'll start the business with zero.

[12:01]
So, if someone were patient enough and they
never wanted to buy a set and they wanted to
scale this business if you could be patient
and always on Facebook Marketplace or setting
up alerts or using bots or whatever, you
could technically never buy any units. Yeah,
it just might take a minute. Okay. All right. My
mind is blown. I'm about to like I'm about to go
to Facebook Marketplace right now. All right. So,
Facebook Marketplace is fine, but what if you want
to scale faster? We're greedy. We want to go to
10K a month within 3 months. How do you do that?
How did you get to that point? So, I found out the
used market was going to be really good. I did a
tiny bit of research of what machines I should
get. I was supposed to do a delivery and all the
stores were closed. So, I went on to marketplace
and I found a guy that had like eight listings,
okay? And I was like, "Oh, I guarantee this. This
is like a little family running a used appliance
shop." I went and met with them. They had barely
opened a couple months ago. I told them that once
again, I was a property manager. I wanted a lot of
sets. We made a deal, a handshake agreement that
we've agreed to for the last year and a half that
they would sell me sets and they would guarantee
them for 2 years. So, it was a zero risk in my
head because the used ones pay themselves off

[13:02]
in four to five months and they were going
to guarantee them for two years. Okay? So,
we've got both ends of the spectrum. If you want
to go slow, go cheap, look for free units or buy
them cheap on Facebook Marketplace. If you want
to go fast, go hard, look for people listing on
Facebook Marketplace multiple times a day. That's
kind of an indication of scale. Reach out to them,
develop a relationship, and try to buy everything
from them, assuming the price and quality is good.
Yeah. Is that accurate? Yep. And they they have a
lot of sources to get them and they have Yeah. You
can buy them all day long. And where are they
getting them from? So they have contracts with
like Costco's box trucks or Lowe's or Home Depot
and the people instead of throwing them away,
the drivers make some side money by selling them
to people like this for like $15. It's funny cuz I
just got a new fridge installed and I had already
sold the old one. He was picking it up later that
day, but the delivery driver was like, "Hey, what
are you doing with that fridge?" And I was like,
I know what you're up to, but I've already got it
sold. So, the other day, my dad bought a [ __ ]
Costco delivered it to us and I gave them all
my phone number and they text me now. We got

[14:03]
this fridge. We're in Park City. Do you want this
fridge or whatever? Wo. And the day the day they
delivered it, they had already like six appliances
and they just dropped them off at my garage. And
they charge like $20 an appliance and sometimes
they a lot of times they still work. I feel like
we skipped over a pretty important part of the
story here. Didn't you go to like a a beat up old
appliance shop and start like delivering stuff for
them? Yes. Tell me about that like as a completely
separate yet tangential opportunity. Tell me how
that went down. Okay, so my grandparents own some
apartment complexes. They used to uh supply the
washer and dryer and ever since I was like 14,
15, I was did the maintenance with my grandpa.
So we'd go buy these cheap washers and dryers and
we'd haul them and install them in my grandparents
apartments. And then one day after my mission,
I went and put an ad that just said like appliance
delivery and they they don't want anything to do
with the delivery side of it. And so they were
more than happy to do it. And so you just put it
down there and you get a bunch of calls every
day and you charge. I actually have one set

[15:02]
up for today. It's an Oram, just a washer, $150.
It'll probably take me 45 minutes. You're making
a delivery today? Yeah. Can I come with you?
Yeah, of course. Okay. Uh, so are you telling me,
correct me if I'm wrong, no hype? If any job
in any part of the world wanted to start making
money, could they just walk up and knock on the
door of an appliance supply shop and say, "Hey,
do you ever need deliveries? Do you offer
deliveries inhouse? If no, if they don't
offer them in-house, is there an opportunity for
anyone with a truck and or a trailer to get paid
to deliver appliances on behalf of an appliance
store?" 100%. So obviously the big box stores,
they're going to have their own deliveries, but
like the mom and paw shops, they don't have like
the manpower to go and deliver them, and they
don't want to do that because then it's just
more liability for them. And it's a different
business. It's a different business, and they
want as many people to offer delivery because
they don't want one guy to just be jacking their
customers up or no one's going to buy, okay, buy
from them. So the ones I've talked to have said,

[16:00]
"The more the marrier. We want our customers
to have as much options as possible." So,
I actually had my number at two places and during
the summer we would do used deliver a lot of
fridges. You can charge $300 for a fridge and it
still only takes an hour because you just plug the
fridge in. That's the in that's the install. So,
my brother really liked that. I would pay him like
$50 or $75 of the 300 and he was making a pretty
good money for a 15-year-old. Give me a ballpark
percentage of mom and pop appliance stores that
don't do their own deliveries. I would say at
least at least half don't do their own deliveries.
When you first told me about this, I ran a scrape
for all of the mom and pop appliance shops and
there were like 15,000 of them. Oh yeah, there's
a lot. And we don't look at them because we're
not looking for them, but to think that anyone
could start a business with at least half of
those just delivering their stuff for them. Hey,
anytime you sell one that needs a delivery, give
me a call. Is that is it as simple as that? Yeah,
you just put your paper there. You can I mean, the
better your paper looks, more calls you'll get. If
you answer your phone, then you'll get most of
the leads. No one answers their phone. [Music]

[17:17]
Then by someone else to clean [Music] sent.
[Music] All right. All right. Now, Kyler,
you're talking about these units like I talk
about my kids. Yeah. What's so special about
these ugly white things? All right. These are
the Whirlpool direct drive washer and dryer. This
sounds like an ad right now. Yes. So, like the
thing is they stopped making these in like 2013.
The government said they need to be more water
efficient, more power efficient or whatever. But
these things are literally made to last. Like
these are built like a Speed Queen is built,
which are like $3,000 machines, but they cost like
$200. The parts have been made for like 50 years.
is they made this for like 30 years straight. They
never changed anything. So, all of the parts are

[18:03]
$30 or less all over Amazon or whatever. And they
last forever. Easy to repair. You can look at the
back on most of these. They have dates from all
the appliance shops. 2015, 2018, 2025. They just
keep getting recycled over and over again. And
they will for forever. And they just last forever.
Yeah. And they're easy. There's no suspension.
You open them. This thing doesn't move so it
doesn't wobble ever. And they're very simple
and really easy to work on. Okay? And they're
they're fairly cheap. So 70% of the machines
are these. And even if they don't say Whirlpool,
if they say Kenmore or whatever, they're all still
built by Whirlpool. Okay. So these are the ones to
to get the planned obsolescence or whatever they
call that thing. Obsolescence. Yeah. Yeah. That
word. Huge in the washers and dryers. And these
new ones that I buy are made to break and they
don't last very long, but these were made to
last. What is an average price for these? And
what's a a really good price for these? An average
price is probably $200 for the set. For the set,
$100 each. A good price would be $100 for for
both of them. Okay. And then if you're getting

[19:03]
them warrantied, then $300 is a good a good price.
Okay. What What is this place that we're standing
in? Is this like a like a washerdryer graveyard
or what? Yeah. So, this is the secondary storage
at my grandparents rentals. There's a guy that
collects washers and dryers every day to scrap
them. Okay. He takes pictures of them. How'd
you find him? KSL Facebook. Okay. Just said,
"I'm looking for washers and dryers." So, he sends
me pictures every day. He has a key here and then
he just drops them off. And these front load ones,
I don't use these in the rental business. They're
too heavy for me. So, I those always sell for $200
within a day. Okay. And then the top load ones,
I either clean and rent them and I'm normally
into them like $35 on average or I take them
apart to fix the ones that I already have. Okay.
So, one 20 I paid $25 for them. One dryer can like
fix probably eight dryers that I own. Okay. Uh
rather than buying the buying the parts. You just

[20:00]
part it out. I just parted out the elements, the
thermostats, the belts, the pulleys. Okay. So, if
I'm watching this right now saying, "Oh, how nice.
You have grandparents with an apartment complex,
trust fun kids, silver spoon." What would you
say to them? I I would say a I just am using my
fetching what's in front of me. But second of all,
you can buy like a 10 x10 storage unit or whatever
for like 80 bucks a month. Okay. There's you can
always solve it. Did your grandparents give you
any business or like feed you leads or anything?
My grandparents have nothing to do with the
business. I don't have a single set rented to one
of their apartments, but they are very generous.
I also uh use both of their garages are full of
washers and dryers. Haters are furious right now.
They're furious. Full of them. Um I got to see
what you're delivering these things in. Would you
mind showing me? To me, it's like I think a lot
of people watching like, I don't have a truck. H I
don't even have a car. Right. What they don't know
is you can go to Home Depot and rent a truck for
like $25 a day. You can rent just a trailer. You
can put a hitch on a car for 250 bucks at U-Haul.
Show me what you got here. Cuz you're 2 years into
this now and you still don't have a dang truck.

[21:01]
Yeah. So, that's my biggest All my friends ask me,
"Why don't I have a truck? I have enough money for
a truck." Well, this is the setup. We're running a
Toyota Highlander, 260,000 miles on it. As you can
see, it was registered in March. We're in June. We
got this. The first thing I do when I buy a car,
put a hitch on it. Slap a hitch onto it. Once
again, I was given everything, right? So, my dad
my dad gave me this trailer. What is this trailer
worth? Probably five, I don't know, 1,000 bucks,
maybe. Okay. 500 bucks. Must be nice. And it
can fit six machines in it. So, I always have
six machines in it. We got to talk dimensions.
I have a perfect 12 shoe size. So, I'm going to
tell you what the dimensions are of this. Okay.
I think it's 12 ft. But hey, no cheating. Five,
seven, nine, or maybe 10. I didn't say 10 is 10 ft
long and it fits nine units. Six units. Six. Three
sets. Three, five, six. Three. 10 x 6. 10 x 5ish.
That sounds right. Okay. So, is this big enough
to scale? Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, I have
over 120 sets. This is all I've ever used. Wow. I

[22:02]
put the fridges in here. You don't need anything
bigger than this, I don't think. I mean, cuz this
holds $320 a month worth of monthly recurring
revenue. Yeah, it can. And it doesn't look it
doesn't look great. The floor is falling apart
currently. That's okay. But yeah, that's pretty
rough for a trust fund kit, right? All right. So,
like what do we need to run this business? You're
gonna go with a drill. You can go Ryobi. You don't
have to go Milwaukee with the drill and a pair of
channel locks. That's the only two tools you need.
We got to get everyone in the comments triggered.
Ryobi is the best by far. It's the highest quality
made in America. I personally prefer the Ryobi,
but I had to do this just for uh branding
purposes. Sure. Now, tell me about these. Like,
what do we got going on here? Like this is the one
of the hacks, door hangers. So I go to apartment
complexes that someone already has a set. So
I logically know they're not provided. Yeah,
they're not provided. I just know that. And then
I just go hang them up. So would this be like if
you had a customer in an apartment complex? You're
like, "All right, I know for a fact this apartment
complex does not provide them. Let's hang these
suckers up." And it takes like an hour to hang I

[23:00]
mean like 30 minutes to hang up 200 door apartment
complex. Okay. I say you typically get three or
four leads if you do that. So, if you just do the
math, if you do that every day for a month, you
could scale to 100 sets in one month if you wanted
to. Just hanging these. Just hanging door hangers.
Facebook Marketplace disappears tomorrow. We're
gonna hang these and get to 10 grand a month.
Yeah. I order 10,000 of these. So, what's like a
percentage conversion rate on these? Uh, I don't
know the exact number, but like I'm hoping out
of the 10,000 I'll just double my business. I'm
planning on the lowest will be 1%. 10,000 I'll get
100 sets, but I think it'll be more than that plus
the word of mouth. So, let's say these are 5 cents
each. That's going to be 500 bucks. So just you're
just casually I'm hoping I can spend 500 bucks a
month and go from 10 to 20 grand a month. Yeah,
that's the goal. I'd say that'll do it. That's
a good ROI, huh? Yeah. Holy crap. I mean, I used
to hang these as a teenager for pest control and
my boss was thrilled if we got a half a percent
response rate. You're talking about like 2 to 3%
on these. That's what I'm hoping. Yeah. But we got
to know what is your churn like? What percentage
of people cancel every month? So, honestly,
it's pretty good. Like I have a lot of people that
have still rented from like they've never ever

[24:01]
given back this set and they've had it for a year
and a half. So, I have like 120 sets plus or minus
and I've probably delivered 170. Okay. 50 churned
customers in almost 2 years. That's 24 months.
50. So, you're losing two a month, which is like 1
and 12% churn. Yeah. Which is that's insane. Like,
you know, that's insane. It's pretty nice. Like
10% churn is like doable. You're at 1 and a half%.
Well, typically people sign their lease. It's a
one-year lease and they rent it for the whole year
and then they don't they renew their lease and
then they just keep renting it. But yeah, I mean,
you get people who sign up during the middle of
their lease. They rent it for 6 months, 8 months.
Sometimes they buy a set or whatever. But I mean,
that's all my whole goal was make $10,000 a month
and I don't care how hard I work. Even I have to
work 40 hours a week, but so far I I don't have
to do that. I work about 5 to 10 hours a week.
Beautiful. Quick question. What if there were
a private community out there of people that were
building businesses based on this podcast? Well,
I just made it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK owners and

[25:04]
it's basically like having me and a hundred other
business geniuses as your business partner. Also,
there's going to be exclusive new trends,
growth hacks, business ideas, and a database
of everything I've ever talked about. You'll
find thousands of startup case studies. You'll
have weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll
answer your questions directly. You can join
now at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
All right. Once you get inside the apartment,
what does your process look like? All righty. I
knock on their door. I see the layout to see if
I should bring in the washer or dryer. I tell them
it's going to be 30 minutes and then uh they can
fill out the contract. So then I install both
the washer and dryer. I test them myself. Just
make sure the water goes in, there's no visual
leaks. Turn on the dryer. Let it run for like 30
seconds. Then I stop it. Then I have her fill out
the contract. Make sure she understands that she's
renting them. It's not rent to own. Explain that
all the maintenance is free. There's any issues,
I'll be here 2 to 3 days. tell her that I'll take
a credit card and it'll be charged automatically

[26:01]
the 27th of every month. Okay? And then I show
her 2 minutes how to use the machines. Make sure
she sees that it's all working. I try to give
her some preventative maintenance like please
don't wash too many clothes like 15 or like eight
towels or five towels, 15 shirts, eight pants,
whatever. Okay. I kind of show her on the machine
or where to fill it up so she doesn't put too
much clothes in. Show her the lint trap. Make sure
they know how to change that. and then take their
credit card and then we're good to we're good to
go. Okay. What does your insurance look like? So,
I didn't have any insurance for like 3 months, but
then I got some and it is $700 for the whole year.
So, like 60 bucks a month. Okay. Now, if you have
a 100 units outstanding, what percentage of them
are going to have service calls any given month?
Uh, it definitely changes, but I would say there's
typically one maybe on a bad week, two calls a
week. And a service call is the same thing as
an install. It takes 30 to 45 minutes. Okay. So
let's say so let's say it's a typically one five
to eight a month service calls. Yeah. And do you
have to go for all of them or can some of them you

[27:02]
handle over the phone? Yeah. Like a lot of them
they say, "Oh, my dryer doesn't dry." And I kind
of walk them through over the phone like, "Okay,
you need to make sure the actual apartment vent
is not full of lint." That happened last week.
And then they get it cleaned and then it works.
Okay. Or sometimes there's they just don't even
have the heat on or stuff like that. So if you
have 120 or so units, then call like 3% are going
to get calls every month or so. Yeah. something
around that. Okay, that's not so bad. The only
things I do is I install machines. I take them out
when people move. That's the main reason they stop
renting is they either move. Uh sometimes there's
emergencies. And so it's just a installing them,
taking them out, and then when I take them out,
I just pressure wash them and I can typically rent
them out again within 2 to 3 days. Okay. You're
spending like 5 hours a week on this business, but
if you really wanted to scale it, you could work
as much or as little as you want, right? Yeah. The
other guy that does this has like 900 sets and he
says he still only works two to three days a week.
So, it's definitely uh not super labor intensive.
All right. You keep talking about this three-step
process. Tell me about this thing. This is the
secret sauce. All right. I've broken it down. I
call it the PRB process. Step one, post it. Okay.

[28:05]
Step two, rent it. Okay. Step three, buy it. You
don't have that backwards. You buy it after you
rent it. You buy it after you rent it. Post, rent,
buy. I mean, you just got to validate and get your
first customer. I mean, it's zero risk if you
do it that way. Okay. I mean, you're supposed
to say like, why would I buy it before I rent it?
I got to know that someone wants it first, right?
Exactly. All right. So, show me your system here
because what are all these profiles? Yeah. So,
I have a couple different profiles. So, I can
post a couple. I see more than a couple. So, I
can post different multiple uh locations and have
multiple posts. Same name on all profiles except
for three of them except for Spencer Williams.
Yep. Spencer Williams is my pseudo name. Okay.
Is that an AI generated picture? No, it's a real
picture of me. Oh, that's you in the Okay. So, we
can actually use his account if we want. And tell
me the logic in having multiple accounts. I mean,
I like to do cuz you can change the zip code
for your posts and so I do all of Utah County
and Salt Lake County. So for like Spencer, I'll
do like Mapleton, Springville, Spanish Fort and

[29:00]
then for a different account I'll have I don't
know the algorithm. I don't know why multiple
accounts works, but like it boosts one account for
a couple days and then it's just like it's just
nice to have multiple. How are you started? Do
you use different IP addresses or do you just use
different email address? Just different different
email addresses. Okay. And you never get banned
or blocked or anything? Nope. And another hack is
just pay the $12 a month for the badge and then
you can actually have customer support. So when
you do get banned, they will unban you. Yeah, if
you spend money on ads, it helps to tell them that
as well. Okay, so I just go to marketplace. See,
we've got a $50 washer and dryer. That's my first
recommended. Create listing one item. Add photos
or videos. Washers and dryers. I like to use that
one. Multiple angles, different machines, doesn't
really matter. I like to use a lot of different
photos though for the title. Washer and dryer.
Haven't AB tested this, but I either do washer and
dryer rental or washer and dryer for rent. Price

[30:01]
$60 to $85. I just put the lowest 160. For the
description, I always go never go to the laundry
mat again. You're speaking to their painoint.
Yep. Rent a washer and dryer monthtomonth.
free delivery, install and maintenance. Message
me or more info. Go to the zip code wherever
you want to mark it. You just change wherever you
want to want to put it to. West Valley is a good
area. And then list in more places. I don't know
if Spencer has groups, but on my other account,
put it as many groups. Utah County classified
has 30,000 people, 13,000. Utah County,
Utah. Does it help to do that? Does that make a
big difference? Yeah, I think so. I get comments
from it a lot and then you would publish it. It's
not going to let me publish this because I already
have a post with that picture. But okay, that
is Let's see if I delete it. Condition used like
there it is. That's the whole description. That's
it. That's it. Sometimes I put more like keywords,

[31:00]
but the nice thing is so the reason people are
finding this is they're typing in washer and dryer
set and so they're going to get like hundreds
of washers and dryers and then all of a sudden
they're going to see washer and dryer $60. They're
going to click it. they're never seen something
for rent. It breaks their pattern. It breaks it
and then they look at it and they read it and then
they message me and they say, "How does that uh
work?" And then you go to your your messenger and
and is being responsive the most important thing
I would say. So, yeah. If you don't respond quick,
like within the same day, then they're going
to say, "Oh, actually, I found one or I decided
to do something else." But if you can get
them, they'll rent it for a year. That's how
uh important it is. Um All right. So, that's rent
and then buy. We basically already covered how to
buy these things. Rent it out, find your customer,
then buy it, rent it, rent, buy it. Okay. And we
covered renting it out. That's just responding to
inquiries. Can you show a couple like what does an
average inquiry look like? What common questions
are people giving you? I can find one that I did
last week was on my mom's account. Does your mom
care that you're shilling these? Yeah, she does.

[32:01]
She's hates it. So, I got two messages right now.
This guy in Spanish is saying, "I am interested.
What would the monthly cost be?" I will reply
in a second, but as an example, hi Kyler,
is this still available? How does it work? I hit
three times and then it just has my pre things
and that's what I just do. I say, awesome. This
is just a month-to-month rental. Used sets for
$60 a month. New is 85. You must rent for at least
6 months. First payment is due the day of install,
free delivery, and install maintenance. I hit all
of those, and then they give me their address.
Typically, it's pretty simple. How price sensitive
are your customers? There a lot of people are
happy to happy to pay. I I mean it's cheaper than
the laundry mat. More convenient. More convenient.
And free delivery install. So they're I mean I've
gotten $100 tips before while I'm installing them.
So it's pretty nice. Post rent buy. Post rent
buy. All right. So I I honestly feel like we
didn't leave anything out today. We covered pretty
much everything. Am I right? No. Yeah. I feel like
we we did pretty good job. Okay. But just in
case there's someone out there that wants more
personalized support from Kyler himself. What can
they do? Yeah. So we actually launched a school

[33:02]
community which is going to be in the description
below. We're going to cover more in depth of real
Facebook ads, not just marketplace, the template
for the door hangers, how to set up the Stripes
account, Google business account, how to build a
website with Replet, uh how to source machines,
how to fix machines, how to flip machines, repair
them. It's going to go over literally everything,
not leave anything out. Like every part of the
business, there's going to be videos about it,
weekly calls. And the reason I love it is because
this business can be a $500 a month business or a
$30,000 a month business. And it can work in
communities as small as 10,000 people as big
as like big metro places that have millions of
people. I mean, you know a guy in Salt Lake doing
like 60 grand a month with this, don't you? Yeah.
That he has 900 sets. And then didn't you help a
guy in like middle of nowhere Idaho do this? Yeah.
So, one of my friends heard about the business and
he tested it in Berley, Idaho, and there's only
like a couple thousand people there and he has

[34:01]
like 25 sets rented out and he says the demand
is strong. So, really anywhere there's people,
this business will work. It's low overhead. Anyone
can do it and it's passive and there's a lot
of reasons I love it. Okay. Well, check out the
community in the link below. Thanks for watching.