[00:00]
I created an AI voice agent with literally
like six clicks. 57 minutes later,
I had a business owner that said, "Yes,
I want to pay for your service." F me,
dude. One man operator. He has no website.
He has no systems. He's like 65 years old. He
makes $350,000 a year of net profit and he's
crushing it. You don't need money. You just
need an Upwork account. He's 18 and he just uses
Chad GPT. It's six figures from each customer.
He has no coding experience, but he's helping
people build rappers using Replet level. He's
making like 60 grand a month. If I had to make
a million dollars in six months, it would be
Nick, I'm going to let you choose. Do we want to
talk about fastest to 10K a month in 6 months?
Fastest to a million dollars in the bank in six
months? Fastest to a million dollar valuation
revenue? What do we want to do here? I'd say
like the fastest to a million-dollar business
in six months. All right, number one idea. I
love this idea eight years ago. I love it just

[01:00]
as much today. I talked about this idea loosely
on the pod before, but not much in depth. So,
RV rentals. Okay, most people don't understand
that you can finance an RV for 20 to 30 years
because it also counts as a home. I'm not saying
you should. I'm not saying it's a good idea,
but the interest rates are not crazy. And it means
that your monthly payment is like $200 to $300.
But you're not not saying that. Make your own
conclusions from what I'm telling you. Okay. What
do we always talk about? We talk about validating
an idea before spending a dime. You can validate
this before buying an RV. And so I distinctly
remember, Nick, as I was getting my MBA from TCU,
not paying attention at all during class, I
distinctly remember sitting up in the back of
the classroom right in the middle, having Google
Sheets in one window and RV Share and Outdoorsy
in another. And I was just doing research trying
to find out what types of RVs in my local area,
greater DFW, were in the most demand. And I would
run a search for this weekend for a class C RV and

[02:03]
I'd run a search for a year out for class CRV and
I'd put them in a spreadsheet and I'd be able to
know what the occupancy is for any different type
of RV at any given moment. And that data screamed
at me, class CRVs, class CRVs. And I even went so
far as to email the company and say, here's what
my data show me. This is true. And they're like,
how did you learn this? That's absolutely true.
And so what did I do? I took action. I bought a
class CRV. traveled around with my family in it
and then when I wasn't using it, I rented it
out. And the unit economics on this is pretty
dumb. It's stupid in a good way. You can finance
an RV like a 35 $40,000 class C RV, which is a
motor home. You got the motor in the front and the
home in the back and your payment is going to be a
couple hundred bucks and you could rent it out for
depending on the market like 200 to 500 a night.
So, like literally your monthly payment is paid
for on one or two nights of renting it out. And
it scales. The only downside is you need a place
to park these, but you can find lots. You can find

[03:04]
storage facilities to park them. And then you can
meet your customers at the storage facility to
hand them off. I love the business. I really do.
How do you get to a million dollars in six months,
though? Cuz from what I remember, you bought it,
you started to rent it out, and like 3 months in,
you're like, "This is annoying." Like, you're
like, "Cuz I have to clean it. I have to turn
it over." You know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's
like my my rental home analogy. You should never
own a rental home unless you're going to own like
10, 20, hundred of them. There's just no point if
you're self-managing it, right? Because there's
no scale to it. So, I never got scale. I had one
at any given time. But if I had 10 or five, then
I could hire someone and I wouldn't have to deal
with any of that crap. I wouldn't have to take
calls, meet people, show them how to use it,
etc. So, how do you scale this? If you keep this
thing rented out 50% of the time, so that's call
it 7,000 a month in topline revenue. They pay for
the gas. They pay extra for mileage. Your only
cost is the payment and repairs. And if they break
something, they have to pay for repairs. So let's

[04:01]
say 5K a month in profit. If you're self managing
it, net income, no employees. 10 of those would
be 50K a month. Well, we're trying to get to 25,
right? Cuz 25 was that number of $300,000. So five
RVs. So five RVs. That's not your other cost would
be parking it, right? Cuz most people have HOAs.
They don't have enough space in in their yard.
And so you're looking at like 150 bucks a month
per RV to store it. So $1,000 a month for five
RVs. And you can manage that yourself. Let's say
10 RVs. Can you finance all 10 of those? How hard
would it be to get 10 RVs? You can do it. You're
probably not going to do it with the same bank.
You probably have to bounce around banks. But if
you're making your payments, it's feasible. I had
the best luck with credit unions. You're like, you
probably could do it. You probably have to like
change banks, change names, change your identity,
security number. Just hop on the dark web,
download the onion browser. You can do it. Make
it happen, dude. All right. No, but you can do
it. Okay. I like that one. Here we go. You ready
for mine? Yep. Gun to my head. I have to make,
you know, a million dollars of value in the next

[05:04]
six months. Do you know who Billy Howell is? Oh,
yeah. He was on the pot. That dude's an animal.
He has no coding, no experience being technical,
but he's spun up an agency now where he's helping
people build effectively rappers using Replet
lovable. I think Replet's his drug of choice,
so to speak, but he's developing software now
and he's created this company, but because he
put a bunch of time and effort and energy into
it, I think he's making like 60 grand a month. I
can't remember exactly what his economics are, but
like he's doing well. So for me, what I would do,
I would do a 30 for30 challenge. 30 rappers in 30
days. I would just give myself 30 days to learn
how to build in replet and that's it. It's like
so every day what I would do is I would identify
a problem or a painoint and I would just build a
rapper around it. It doesn't matter how good it
is or how bad it is. I would just build a wrapper
around it and then at the end of 30 days I've got
30 rappers worth of experience. Some of them might
even be good and maybe I can productize those. But

[06:00]
then I would really do the research and the work
of like, okay, what which of these rappers that
I did had the coolest pain point and I would go
hard in building out one or two of those and then
either placing it on the app store or finding
local businesses with that painoint and selling
to them as a SAS product. I already know this is
going to be one of the best episodes we've ever
recorded. I'm just going to call it right now.
We're 11 minutes into this. That's a good one,
Nick. That's a good one. episode 150. By the
way, Billy How, I interviewed him. The thing is,
I would bet most people listening to this
probably know like 60 to 80% as much as Billy.
Not to downplay anything he does. You got to go
out and find customers. That's the hard That's
the real hard part. You got to operationalize
it, systematize it, but like he's not a coder.
He has no coding background. He's just messing
around with these vibe coding apps more than the
average bear. Well, and the crazy thing, he just
had a LinkedIn post, I think, or or something on
Twitter where he live coded. live, not vibe, live
coded an app on stage at some conference and was

[07:02]
like it worked and he created the automations for
it, etc. The thing that's I think special about
Billy or at least different about Billy is all
of us have built these and we've gotten like 90%
of the way there and then the last 10% was like I
don't know how to figure this out. He actually put
the time in and figured it out himself. You and I
have never done that. We like we've hired people
to finish. I finished that. Yeah, I finished. You
have? Yeah, I was going to say like I I've been
saying for months like that last mile is really
hard. It's gotten a lot easier and I've finished
two projects now and I was actually surprised like
how much better the experience has gotten. So,
but is it still the hardest part? Is the last mile
still the hardest part? Oh, yeah. Okay. But that's
what I think is special about him is he's like,
"Okay, I figured this out and now he's doing it
for other people. He's built an agency around
building it for other people." Interesting.
That's a good one. I like that. Thank you. You
could spend 30 days learning, 30 days building,
30 days marketing. Just running tests for those
30. I would do it 30 days building, and then 30

[08:01]
days learning, and then 30 days marketing. I just
feel like you're only going to learn how to do it
by building. And then you can be doing research
after of like, okay, which industries do I want to
focus on? That's me because I'm in the analysis
by or yeah, paralysis by analysis type. So,
it's like I just got to get going. Otherwise, I'm
just going to be like, well, did I optimize this
plan the best? Should I do this first or should
I do this second? Maybe for you it's it's the
other way, but that I'm the guy that contradicts
himself because on this podcast a week or two ago,
I used an analogy of learning Hungarian in the
MTC, feeling like an expert, going to Hungary
with you as my trainer, not knowing any Hungarian,
but actually learning it really fast while I was
failing on the job. Right. So, I absolutely agree
with you. Learn by building. What did your trainer
do to make you learn Hungarian so fast? What
happened? Don't talk about it. Trial by fire
piss piss me off all the time. All right, moving
on. You got to keep me in a good mood. Okay,

[09:00]
I think you're going to like this idea. So, I
think that you and I collectively have like 13
friends that own offshore staffing agencies. Yes,
it's ridiculous. So, here's how this works. I make
you free videos. I actually know what I'm talking
about. And if you implement what I talk about,
you'll make a lot more money and have a better
life. And all I ask for in return is that you
hit the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank you. In
the staffing world, you got two models. You can
hold their hand and provide someone and manage
them over time and mark up their rate, call it
100%. You're paying a virtual assistant in the
Philippines $1,200 a month. You're charging your
client $2,500 a month. You're managing payroll and
all that. That's good because it's recurring. It's
just more handholding. You got to do work up front
to find them and then then you got to do work less
work ongoing to manage them. The other model is to
find someone awesome, place them for 35% of their
first year salary. Am I right? That's which is
nice because you get paid up front and you wash
your hands of it. It's kind of like the grandma
that takes the grandkids and says, "All right,
take them back." Right? You just get your money.

[10:03]
You get to move on. But it's not recurring. Okay.
I think that that model has been a thing for five
plus years. I think it's going to be a thing for
the next 5 to 10 plus years. I think it literally
can be as simple as going to Upwork, finding them
on Upwork, hopping on a Zoom with them, vetting
them, qualifying them, seeing how well they're
trained on AI. I think that's a non-negotiable
here. They have to be AI native, AI trained, even
if it's just GBT, and then placing them. So now,
how do you do this quickly? I think you just
start sliding into the DMs of hiring managers at
big companies that need to hire 10 to 100 people
overseas and you charge 20 to 35% of their first
year salary. And so you place enough people, you
get to that number pretty quickly. Yeah. Okay.
So like the two the two models in staffing are
head hunting. So that's like recruiting, placing,
getting a fee. And then there's staffing, which
you're actually managing it. You're saying to do
the head hunting. Mhm. Yeah. Go find people and
place. there won't be a recurring aspect to it,

[11:04]
but that's okay. Well, that's the thing. If I'm
trying to make a million dollars in six months,
I don't care about recurring. I care about right
now. So, that's absolutely where I would focus.
I would probably piggyback. I would like try
to find somebody who I knew that had a good
network and be like, "Hey, can I just can I just
hire somebody for you to at least get started?"
Yeah. Test it out and then obviously do
a really good job and sell into them.
maybe find like a small business owner that's
already selling like software or something to
hiring managers and he just has like a big CRM
of hiring managers and he's like, "Listen, dude,
I have a $4,000 ticket product. That's the average
30% salary for my average placement. I'm going to
give you 10 20% of that for everyone you refer $4
to $800 checks just for making introductions. And
if they place 10 people, I'll give you a $4,000
check." Okay, building on that. You know what else
I would do? Don't reinvent the wheel. copy what's
already working. It's annoying. Okay, I know it's
annoying, but how many times have you been looking
for someone to fill a role or you post for a job

[12:02]
and somebody applies to it and they apply to it
and it's not really them. It's like a VA or it's
an agency. It's like, "Oh, I can fill this for you
with my agency." Right? I would probably do that.
I would probably either post No, I wouldn't post
that. I'm looking for a job. I would go and apply
to a bunch of jobs and I could probably automate
that application process and yeah, I'm gonna get
a lot of people who are pissed off about it and
just be an agency. Uhhuh. I just be, hey, oh,
you're looking for that? Yep. I got somebody for
you and then you do the work on the back end to go
find them and fill it. Yeah, dude. I've said it
a million times and I'll say it another million
times. There's a lot of money to be made by just
sitting on either Facebook Marketplace or Upwork
all day every day and just hunting for deals and
opportunities either as an Upwork freelancer or
an Upwork employer. There's just so many ideas
coming across the feed and business ideas and like
there's just a lot of money to be made. And I do
think that you have to have a special personality
type. Like I don't think I would do well sitting
on Facebook Marketplace all day every day. I think

[13:02]
you would cuz you're a hustler. You know what
I mean? I'm more of like, "Oh, is this a good
deal? Let me pencil it out really quick." Well,
I guess it's kind of a good deal, but actually,
if you look at the I just I think too much.
Whereas somebody like you is like, "Cool,
I can buy it for five and sell it for seven. I'll
do that all day. Five, seven, five, seven." And
I I just think that's an important caveat to
think about. Yeah. I just think that's that's
an AI proof business. You don't need skills. You
just need to know how to talk to people. You don't
need money. You just need an Upwork account. You
need to slide into people's DMs on LinkedIn. And
if you can make a relationship, someone that
you may already know today, that's I mean,
how many people that we know on a on a daily
basis are like have something to sell to people
on LinkedIn, right? Yeah. Too many. Piggyback. All
right. I got one. You ready? Yep. All right. So,
my number three idea, gun to my head, have to
make a million dollars in six months. You're going
to like this one. is a hyper niche AI audit and
savings agency that focuses on large corporations.

[14:02]
I've had two conversations in the last week with
two different large corporations. Both of them in
the nine figures approaching, you know, billion
dollar valuation. One of them spent every single
month as they onboarded new employees, they had
to enter a profile for them in their CRM and there
was nobody internally who would enter the profile.
So, they would send it to their help desk. They're
so big. They had so many employees. I want you
to guess how much money they were spending a
month creating new profiles for new employees.
I have no idea. Thousands. Tens of thousands.
$20,000 a month. $20,000 a month just creating new
profiles for new employees. And they were super
stoked because they're like, "We just figured out
an automation for this. And starting next month,
we're going to be saving like 17 grand a month
because now it just ties in with their HR system,
creates a profile, and it's done." Right?
You're like, "Where's that three grain going?
Well, they they explained it. For the purposes
of the story, I'll just 20,000. Cool. They save
$20,000 a month. But I'm like, dude, Brian right
there, quarter of a million dollars a year off of

[15:02]
one automation. Nuts. Talked to another company,
friend of mine. She works in benefits. And she was
like, there's no system that our company has that
reconciles our benefits. And I was like, what do
you mean? Like health insurance? She's like, no,
no, not even health insurance. Medical, dental,
and vision. Like, okay. Every single month, we get
a bill from those insurance providers. and we the
the employer have to pay that. Oh, okay. And then
we have to take it out of the employees checks.
I'm like, "All right, so what's the problem?"
She's like, "It's always wrong. We might not
have taken the right amount out of the employees
check or the insurance company might have built us
for an employee that we terminated 2 months ago."
She's like, "I just found somebody who's been on
for 12 months." Another friend of mine, just like
a quick aside, is an accountant and he's like,
"Yeah, I just found somebody who was fired 12
months ago that still had access to their credit
card." Right? So there's just there's a lot of
these inefficiencies. And that friend of mine
who's in benefits, it's like $5,000 a month that
they find and they they've been doing this for
seven years, they just started actually auditing
it. So I know $5,000 doesn't sound like a lot,

[16:02]
$60,000 a year as a full-time employee. But I
think that if you have a specialized skill set,
let's say you're an accountant, let's say you
work in payroll, let's say you are an IT and
you understand a specific thing and you know the
pain points in large organizations, I would create
just very clean and clear plugandplay. I will help
you with this audit and automation process to show
you how much you're spending and losing and how
much I can save you by implementing this process.
And then I would target people in that niche
industry by just sending them my calculator
just to have them see what it is. And that's
what I would do. I would I would target large
corporations cuz I need to get big clients in
order to get to that like million- dollar run
rate. Are you charging a percentage of what you
save them? That's what I would propose. So there's
like there's like two options. I would propose
like hey 50% of what I save you in the first year
you pay me and then everything else after that
you keep. I think companies get squeamish at that
which is kind of annoying. Then what I would do is
I would probably just price it out to effectively

[17:03]
get to that same number but not tell them that
that's what I'm doing. You know what I mean? Yeah.
PE customers they want to know like what they're
paying every month. So if your savings fluctuates
they don't want to get hit with this huge bill
even if it's a net win for them. Right. Right.
So something predictable that they can wrap their
mind around is usually the better pricing model.
I have a guy I know a guy Ben Ben Wis. He's Swiss.
Okay. 18 years old. His whole business is sliding
into DMs of executives at Fortune 100 companies
in Switzerland and saying like, "Hey, I can use
AI to save your company money. If I can't, I will
donate $1,000 to the charity of your choice. When
can I come talk to you?" He does not hop on Zooms
with people. This is what he's doing. And he's
18 and he's crushing it. And he doesn't have
like corporate experience. He doesn't like know
traditionally what corporations struggle with.
He just uses Chad GBT, right? and he goes and he
only pitches in person and he has like a something
like a 30 or 60 somewhere in there percent close

[18:02]
rate and it's six figures worth of value from
each customer. He's just saving money with%
closer. That's insane. He's in person. He's there
and he's young and they like him and so yeah,
there's absolutely a market for that. All right.
Well, that was my idea number three. What do you
got next? I love the diversity of these ideas.
There's really no pattern to them. So, I like
this one. Are you ready? Yeah. Okay, there's a
lot of newsletters out there, right? Newsletters
are becoming more and more popular. You've got
Substack, Beehive, all all of the newsletter
companies. Kit, most newsletter operators
statistically will burn out usually sooner
rather than later, just like most podcasters
burn out. It's hard to create content over a
long period of time. We've launched a newsletter
that we burned out on. Okay, we get it. What? But
what happens when you have a newsletter operator
that's burned out? He's completely moved on from
it. Maybe it's only been a month, a week, a year,
and then someone emails them one day and says,
"I want to buy your newsletter." They could pay
basically whatever they want because those those

[19:01]
emails are gone in their head. I don't remember
where or when, but I've recently talked to a guy
that that this is this was his whole strategy.
He would just buy up dormant newsletters in the
same kind of niche and just aggregate them, throw
them all together, and then he could sell ads for
these newsletters at scale. They were all free, no
paid newsletters, all based on a CPM basis. So, my
idea is come in and buy small newsletters. Like,
we're talking 3 to 30,000 subscribers each in the
same general niche. Maybe they're AI newsletters,
finance newsletters, business, marketing, sports,
entertainment, doesn't matter. You can find
them by going to Beehive, by going to Kit, by
going to Substack where they like they have public
directories of all these newsletters. Especially
if you want to like do a boost, you can go see,
oh, I want to I want to exchange recommendations
with this guy. They're all publicly listed.
Just go start clicking into them. You could
use Chad GBT agent operator. You could use Manis
Perplexity Comet for this to automate it to say,

[20:01]
I want you to make a spreadsheet of every
single newsletter that has not sent an email
in at least a month. At least a month. Boom. And
then you just start reaching out and say, "Listen,
today I can give you 10 cents per subscriber, but
if X, Y, or Z happens, I'll give you a dollar per
subscriber at a certain point in the future.
So you can either aggregate all these together,
you can start finding sponsors or you can just
start emailing all of them together, reach some
scale and then sell all you're just rolling up
tiny newsletters in the same niche. You could just
sell it six months later. Okay. Give us an idea
of what the unit economics are for newsletters
just so people understand. So newsletter
ads are sold on a CPM basis. Cost per mail,
cost per thousand people that open it, not on the
list, but people that open the newsletter. So,
if I have a 10,000 subscriber newsletter, I have
a 50% open rate. That's 5,000 eyeballs, 5,000
people on my newsletter every week. Let's say
if it's a weekly newsletter, y a good c decent,
like a conservative CPM is $30 per thousand views.
So, that's five time 30, $150. So, that means you

[21:07]
can make 150 bucks every time you hit send on that
newsletter. Let's say it's weekly, every week. So,
$600 a month. Yep. Oh, and that gave me another
idea. Thank you. That doesn't include affiliate
links or 1% of those people opting into a $10 a
month paid newsletter with extra features. So,
that's the opportunity isn't ad sales.
But here's a bigger opportunity. Nick,
are you ready? I just thought of this on the
fly. I have an idea that I'm It could be the same
thing. It could be the same thing. Let's say it
on three. One, two, three. You aggregate a bunch
of weekly newsletters, whether they're dormant or
active, and you turn them into daily newsletters.
and your revenue goes from X per week to 5x per
week. Does that make sense? Yeah, totally makes
sense. It doesn't scale perfectly. You still have
to find the subsponsors to agree to it. You know,
maybe you can charge $50 CPM if it's daily and
only 30 if it's weekly because there's more scale,

[22:01]
but net of net, that's another opportunity, dude.
So, here's the idea that I was thinking of. What
if you targeted a vertical home services or
a city and you're like, I'm just going to
reach out to every dormant newsletter in that
vertical or city or demographic or whatever.
You're offering pennies on the dollar. So, you're
just you're just getting subscribers that are
being added to your list. And then on the back
end, you partner with an existing agency. So,
it's like you're it's almost like you're playing a
broker and you partner with an existing marketing
agency and you're like, "Hey, I'll sell you this
massive list of people that are exactly in your
space and the the perfect type of ideal customer
and I walk away." Because in your model, I've got
to then run the newsletter. I'm not saying it's
hard. It's just there's more operation. You have
to actually like do work. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
In this model, it's like no, you just buy up the
list and then you just sell the leads. So you're
probably getting at a lower value, but you could
probably do a lot more volume if you're just very
specific on where you're targeting. Yeah. So you

[23:01]
might need more money to do this than others
unless you seller finance them or you create
creative structured deals. Uh but I think that's
very possible with these because it's there's not
like an established multiple for a newsletter,
especially if someone's already written it off
in their mind. It's like sure, just take it and
if it turns into something, give me something,
you know? Oh, that's interesting. If it turns into
something, give me something. Yeah. You could buy
it on contingency almost. Like a seller finance
deal. Yeah. I can't pay you right now, but I'll
give you X percentage of whatever the cash flows
are to come in. Yeah. What do they have to lose
if I'm going to start to monetize it? I'm going to
go out hustle and find sponsors. I'll give you 50
cents on the dollar of every sponsor I find. And
you're going to you're going to be a subscriber.
You're going to see if there's sponsors in there.
You don't have to, you know, keep me honest.
Can you target on like Buzz Sprout? Not Buzz
Sprout, Beehive and Kit by industry. Just by
industry, not by geography. I I think it depends
on the platform. Certainly by industry and size.
I don't know about geography. That's going to be
harder. Okay, that's interesting. I especially

[24:03]
love industries where you can find your sponsors
in your newsletter. Like if it were a marketing
newsletter, there's probably executives in
there that would like to sponsor the newsletter.
Whereas if you had like an art or an entertainment
newsletter, that'd be harder to just email
everyone and say, "Anyone want to sponsor this?"
You know, I like that one. That would be a really
cool one because I I I would bet that those asset
values are still undervalued compared to other
lists. I like we already know that marketing like
the CPMs are there's an arbitrage there and the
ability to reach individuals. So like why would
the assets not also be undervalued? Amen. I'm
sorry. I did I just say arbitrage? Huh? I don't
know. Call me later, Gordon Gecko. All right,
here's my gun to head number two favorite idea to
make a million dollars in six months. We've talked
about this a number of times. Small businesses
are overwhelmed. They don't really know what
to do with AI, but they want results, right? They
don't care about like dashboards. So number three,

[25:02]
I would start an AI automation agency and I would
focus on very specific plugandplay automations.
All right, here's the deal. There are so many
different workflows that small businesses might
have. So what I would do is I would do some
research and I would just pick one. But Nick,
how would you do the research? Well, I'm glad you
asked. Um, I go through the paid method and what
I do is the first thing is that I want to find out
if there's pain, clear operational cost or stress.
The second is access. I'm going to ask myself who
could I actually reach out to that's going to give
me access to go and do this, right? Like where can
I get in and just start tinkering? Number three,
infrastructure. Do they already use digital
tools? Hopefully they do, but hopefully they
don't use them too much. That's like this like
Goldilock zone that most people are in. And then
the next one is dollar savings, right? like I want
to see real savings. But basically, you're looking
for hero workflows. And these are what hero
workflows are. They're high impact and they're

[26:01]
low complexity, but they feel like freaking magic.
So, they save time, they capture missed revenue,
they're easy to explain, they're fast to install,
and there's like a clear before and after win. So,
here's like an example. Automating missed call
follow-up texts for any any home services company,
and you recover 15% of leads. And so, you identify
this How you identify these workflows is like is
it where is anything falling through the cracks
you talk to people high friction manual tasks
anytime that anybody's like entering things into
the computer and again anything that you can build
real automations around that's the business that I
would launch and that's how I would do it. Oh okay
100%. We haven't talked about this yet. How much
do the listeners like perk up in their seat when
I say that? Just kidding. We haven't talked about
this, dude. Yesterday, yesterday I'm like, "All
right, I got to make a YouTube video. Got to make
a YouTube video. I I put it on my calendar. Got to
do it. What should I do? I'm going to make an AI
automation agency and I'm going to live stream it.
Not live stream it, but I'm going to just record
my screen and just record all of it." Okay. Oh,

[27:04]
okay. So, this is what this is what I did. Yeah.
I'm going to publish it like today on YouTube. I
don't know. But it might be out by the time this
comes out. Maybe not. Here's what I did. Went and
logged into my high level account. I clicked on
AI employee, which is a new feature they have,
and and I recorded my screen and I created an AI
voice agent with literally like six clicks. Okay.
In like three minutes and six clicks, I created
an AI on high level. On high level. Sweet. Yeah.
And it was for a garage door repair business.
And I just used Chachet to make a a knowledge
base that said, you know, you are a 24/7 answering
service for a garage door repair company because I
chose that industry because it's higher ticket,
$500 to $3,000 per job. And it's something that
might get after hours calls. You're trying to go
somewhere at 10 p.m. Garage won't open. You need
help. Okay. Yep. I thought like plumbing, HVAC,
electrical, those are kind of saturated with
private equity. They might already have stuff
like this. Whereas no one's looking at garage

[28:00]
doors. So that's so funny. After hours calls was
like one of the main things that I've picked after
talking to many entrepreneurs. Really? Yeah.
Yeah. Because I just kind of guessed at that
one. It's a it's a great one because what happens
to those calls? What happens to those leads? Who
follows up with them? If they don't get an answer,
right? Then they're going to call the next guy,
right? Like it's a no-brainer. Quick question.
What if there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only
for business starters and business builders. It's
called TK owners and it's basically like having me
and 100 other business geniuses as your business
partner, but you give them 0% equity. Also,
there's going to be exclusive new trends,
growth hacks, business ideas, and a database
of everything I've ever talked about. You'll
find thousands of startup case studies. You'll
have weekly ask me anything with me while I'll
answer your questions directly. You'll be in my
Slack channel where I'm hanging out every week and
helping members one-on-one. We've got exclusive
guest speakers including some names that you'll
recognize. And if you're building something cool,
I'll introduce you to anyone you need. TK Owners
is the fastest way to plug into a smart, ambitious

[29:04]
group of builders and accountability partners that
are sharing wins without the fluff. And it's 99
bucks a month, about the cost of an energy drink
per day. You can join now at tkowners.com. Link in
the show notes. It's also something that the vast
majority of business owners aren't doing. They're
not picking up their phone after hours or ever. I
scraped every garage door repair company in DFW.
I texted them and I I showed my watch at
the start of the video and it was 9:41 in
the morning and by 10:38 10:38 57 minutes later I
had a business owner that said yes I want to pay
for your service. Oh my that's going to be such
a minutes later Chris such a good video. I'm so
pissed. I'm so pissed and excited happy for you
know what I mean? It's like that mix of jealousy
and happiness. I randomized the spreadsheet to
prove there's no like audience plants, you know,
there was no prep involved. I've seen you do it
before. Like that's the thing is I've seen you
do this multiple times where you're like, "Yeah,
I'll do this right now." And within an hour you're

[30:02]
getting people reach out to you. That's a freaking
amazing video and I'm freaking pissed that I'm not
Can I Can you just like see my name? Sorry. And
thank you. I'm Nick. Yes, Nick. Is that good? Oh,
in that video. Oh. Oh, we'll put it We'll add it
to post. We'll add it in post. I had a guy on my
podcast, Nickonomics, who was the founder and CEO
of Think.AI, thy nk.ai. That's the one thing that
they've focused on first is after hours. And it's
all AI and they're actually having conversations
with people and and they'll say it straight up
like they're not hiding from it. But there's
so much business that's missed when you don't have
somebody picking up the phone after hours. There's
so much business that's missed and they don't
even know it. And it's not like there's a high
cost to it. Yeah. You can't afford a full-time
employee after hours to answer the phone,
but you can definitely pay $100 a month and have
AI available at any moment or pay per lead. That's
what I put in text is like only pay me once you
get a lead that closes. That closes, right? So,

[31:02]
it was a good offer, dude. Episode 133, I
interviewed a guy that raised venture capital and
launched an AI call service for small businesses.
And he's doing well. He's doing really,
really well. But like he went and raised venture
capital. It's like a full thing. But what's crazy
to me is like a year later, you can do that
on a high level with like a few clicks. I'm
not saying it's as good or as customized as his,
right? I don't want to disrespect his business,
but it's just become so much easier. I love how
we're to the point where, you know, we both done
200 episodes on our podcasts individually and
we're both like, I know, dude. So episode 173,
I was talking to this guy. Seriously? So episode
121 at timestamp 45.42. You're just like, we just
keep getting more and more specific. So, anyways,
to wrap up my idea. Yeah, this is the hero.
This is the hero AI formula. I would pick three
niches. I'd build out one hero workflow per niche,
right? This is not a custom workflow. This is just
like plugandplay because we're trying to go to

[32:01]
the masses. I'd reach out to a lot of owners. I'd
close clients and free charge 3,000 for a setup,
have a monthly retainer, and then maybe we do some
upsells in there. that I think that business would
get me to a million dollars. Do you smell that,
Nick? No, I didn't. Kind of smell kind of smells
like a lead magnet. Do we need to link to that
in the show notes? That hero? Huh? Do we? I don't
know. Huh. Right. I have another very different
one. Okay. We're all over the place here. We're
going to go the Shannon Gan method and we're going
to start just liquidating some crap from gov deals
and bstock.com/cosco. We're going to liquidate.
That's a really good idea. That's a really good
idea. Like, what are we talking about, dude? You
buy for five cents on the dollar. You sell for 30
to 40 cents on the dollar. I think it's a really
good idea for people who have experience doing it.
How do you get experience by doing it? I know.
I Yes, I agree. I'm just saying if it was like
a six-month window, do you think you could get
enough experience to make a million dollars in
six months? Really? I do. I mean, I've had
them on my podcast eight times, right? So,

[33:00]
I would watch all eight of those episodes and then
start with something cheap. Like, you can buy a
pallet of like exercise equipment for 500 bucks,
right? like six treadmills for 500 bucks. Or it'd
actually be cheaper than that. Like 10 treadmills
for 500 bucks, sell them for 200 bucks. I know a
guy named Dylan in Logan, Utah. He just did that.
He filled his garage. It was his first flip ever.
He filled his garage with freaking treadmills. And
a week into it, he's like, "I don't know, Chris.
I don't know if I'm going to move these." And
then two weeks later, he's like, "They're gone.
Sold them all." Like, I'm not saying it works for
everyone. It works all the time. But Shannon talks
in detail about like, "Avoid this, avoid that. go
here, start here. I think it's totally doable and
you could put this stuff on a credit card. Not
that I advise that, but some people might want
to. You get points for it. You get points for it
and someday you pay it off. The thing is about
credit cards, you don't even need to pay it off.
It's like free money. That's actually a really
good point. I hadn't thought of that actually. So
anyway, so that's a short one. Like that's that's
just the whole thing. Listen to the episodes with
Shannon and start flipping stuff. Or if you don't

[34:04]
want to just fly blind and like buy stuff off
govdals.com, if you go to Facebook Marketplace,
once again, I'm talking about Facebook
Marketplace. Type in the word business,
you will see a ton of businesses that are
either for sale or closing that like going out
of business that are not listed anywhere else.
I think you could also make a million dollars
in six months by just focusing on restaurants
that are going out of business and liquidating
their equipment, just playing middleman because
it's high ticket. These are tens of thousands of
dollars. and just saying, "All right, I'll
take all these friars, all this equipment,
and I'm going to place it." And then you can list
this equipment on other marketplaces like eBay or
restaurant equipment sites and sell it before you
ever even buy it. Yeah. What do you think? So,
I think that's great. Then you have to hold any
inventory. Like, you're literally just kind of
creating a marketplace. That's genius. Yep. Yeah.
All right. All right. Here is my number one gun
to my head. I have to earn a million dollars in
six months. I'm going to go off of I just talked

[35:00]
about Hero AI. Find one or two workflows that you
know work and add value. I'm going to build off of
that. This is like going to college after you've
gone to high school, getting your PhD after you
got that four-year degree. And what I would do is
I would buy a business. But hear me out. I'm going
to go ahead and focus and find one specific thing
that I know for a fact is going to unlock value in
a business. It's not going to be the after hours
calls. That's not big enough. It's probably going
to have to be automating something in the sales
process or something in the receivables process
or something in the fulfillment of your product
process. Here's an example. In the medical space,
billing, you need to understand all the billing
codes. You need to understand diagnosises,
etc. Maybe there's something I can build there
with AI that can help supplement in a healthcare
business, in a home services business. Maybe it's
staffing. Maybe maybe there's something that I can
build in a workflow that automates staffing. But
I'm not going to get to the million dollars just

[36:01]
by selling that as a service. I'd have to get
a ton of different customers. I am going to get
to the million dollars if I buy something that
is at scale that I can leverage. If there's a
company that's spending a million dollar a month
on labor and I'm able to reduce their labor by
20%. I just made $200,000 with that one company.
10x that? You made 2 million. Think about it.
Well, and here's the thing. You stack that up
over a week, I'm way ahead of you. You stack
that up over a month, I'm going to kick your
butt. You stack that up over seven years, I'm
living in a cave and you're the guy who's living
in the Jetson's future. Anyways, so I had to what
I would do is I would nail down a process. Again,
it has to be high leverage, either something that
increases revenue by a lot or reduces your costs,
mainly labor, by a ton. And then I would go and
find a company. So, an example of this would
be I know home health and hospice really well.
hospice. Let's say that I've got something that
makes my employees 20% more productive. They're
no longer charting in their documentation. They're
dictating to AI and AI's doing it. So now instead

[37:05]
of just being able to do five visits a day, they
can do seven visits a day. And because now they're
doing seven visits a day, I can do the same I
can have the same staff and grow my revenue on
the top side from 5 million to $7 million. And I
don't add one piece of staffing. And so I've just
increased my bottom line by a million dollars a
year. Now the risk of that is I have to go bigger,
right? This isn't just like start an agency and
you're going to find some customers. Like I have
to go buy a business. But if you actually have
a skill set, you know an industry, and you can
identify a workflow and then go buy a business,
day one, you're going to walk into equity value.
And that's what I would do to make a million
dollars in six months. And I honestly I think
I could do it. It's asymmetric information that
you have. Yeah. And you're just implementing that
post purchase. 100%. Can I add on to that? Are you
going to uplevel this? I don't know. We'll let the
audience decide. Could you Are you going to steal
man? I hate that phrase. So, our friend Hector,

[38:03]
our friend Hector, he is talking about buying a
heavy equipment repair company in Houston, Texas.
It's a one-man operator. He just drives a van. He
has no website. He has no CRM. He has no systems.
He doesn't take calls that are over a half hour
away. He's like 65 years old. He makes $350,000
a year of net profit and he's crushing it. Hector
met him through a church friend and he is going to
own a chunk of this business just to value add
it just to add more trucks to add a website to
systemize it to Oh, by the way, he charges$125
an hour. market rate in Houston for the same
thing is $300 an hour and everyone's booked
out and he's just like, I don't want to raise
my prices. I'm doing fine. So, Hector doesn't
even need to buy this business. He's basically
signing a contract that grants him conditional
equity if I do X, Y, and Z quite simple things
to your business and he'll have the control to
do this. I know where you're going. Then I get

[39:01]
5% of this business without having to buy it. Oh
my gosh. It's effectively the same thing, but not
needing to buy the business. The owner stays on.
They have a good relationship. He's going to train
everyone. He's going to help him hire. He just
doesn't want to do it. That is freaking money.
It's merging the agency with buying a business.
But effectively, instead of charging that company,
you're you're saying, "I want equity." Yeah. It
might be a longer sales cycle, right? Because
it's like you got to convince somebody to give
you equity in their business. This is the Bro
Mosie playbook. That's how Alex Hormosi does it,
right? Explain. That's that was his model at one
point was he would take large chunks sometimes
30% sometimes controlling interest to add value
at companies and he wouldn't even invest money
like he he wouldn't buy equity. He would invest
money like after getting his equity to grow the
business and paid ads or whatever but it was a
business expense. That's how he built much of his
wealth is in doing that. I wasn't saying that in

[40:01]
that sense it's a bromoy move. I I think it's it's
high risk, high reward. Like, you could spend four
or five months just looking, but you just got to
close one person. I don't have to go and close 50
people at $50,000 a month or whatever the number
is, right? Like, I just got to close one person
who's willing to partner with me and boom, I've
made a million dollars in six months. I really
like that idea. It's usually going to be like a
friend or a family or a friend of a friend of a
family member, right? That's where the trust can
come from. It's kind of hard just starting cold,
you know? Yeah, it has to be. You have to like
That's why it's a it's like the highest risk,
but I also think it's the highest reward. Yeah.
Because you're you're not only going and betting
everything into equity on your performance, but
you're also like risking reputation, the people
that you know, trust, and like Yeah. All right.
So, over the summer, we went to Island Park. We
had an episode while I was in Island Park, Idaho.
And guess what? Island Park has on the north side

[41:00]
of town. It's a very narrow strip of land, if you
will, north to south. On the north side of town,
you got a few acres. They got really nice glamping
sites. $200 to $300 a night to stay in a glamping
tent. There's a bunch of them on the same property
and they stay pretty much booked on the south side
of town. You got nothing. You got no glamping.
Okay. So, the universe threw me a bone. And around
the same time I'm noticing this, our boy Shannon
texts me and he's like, "Hey, I got a deal on some
glamping sites that are like 90% off. These are
like $15,000 glamping sites. They're like 1,500
bucks." He's like, "Are you interested? Any other
point in my life, I'm not interested." I love how
Shannon's like the shady guy in New York City who
just walks around like, "Hey, watches, watches,
fake IDs, fake IDs." and just like opens his
trench coat up selling stuff on the street. So
he's like, "Hey, do you want to buy some glamping
tents?" And it's like I any other time it's like
no, but it's like maybe. So I start looking at
land. Start looking at land. You can buy land,

[42:04]
beautiful scenic land in Island Park for call it
150 200 an acre, right? Or like 5 acres for 500
grand. Okay, you're going full. You could also you
stop. Don't ever say that again. You could also
buy like bath because the only real roadblock to
this is a bathroom. You need a bathroom. You can
buy like bathrooms on a trailer or like bathrooms
that are delivered on a trailer that you put down
on the ground on a slab, a cement slab, which
you're going to pay about $6 a foot for and then
you put in some septic for about 20 grand. Lay
the septic, put in a bathroom, buy glamping tents,
list them on on Airbnb one at a time. You buy
one tent, get it fully occupied, buy another one,
get it fully occupied. on and on and so forth. And
it's kind of like the RV rental model except with
glamping sites in markets that don't have enough
glamping sites. How do I test? Well, you just you
do exactly what I did for RVs. You go search for
glamping on Airbnb. You look for this weekend. You

[43:03]
look for a year out. You see which markets have
more demand than supply. And that's where you buy
in. How do I afford all this land? 500 grand is
a lot of money. You sell or finance or you do a
lease purchase on raw land, which you can do. My
friend in Canada did it with portable storage.
He went and said, "I'll pay you $3,000 a month for
this acreage. In a year, I want the option to buy
it." Sure. Sound sounds good. So then he spent
the next year putting portable self- storage on
the property. It crushed. He got fully occupied.
Now that property was worth a lot of money because
he he put a business on it. Then he executed his
option to buy it only after he had validated the
business. Do the same thing with glamping. Go.
Did you take a breath? No. Was there a breath
taken in the last four minutes? Holy crap. That
was amazing. I can't breathe and grind at the same
time. Nick got to make a choice. Is there a way
to find out whether or not a property has septic
on it like without going there? There could be
like a database or something, but nothing. No,
it's hard. I love the idea. Dude, we know this. We
We looked at it when we tried to get something on

[44:00]
our RV park. I think that would take potentially
6 months just to get up and running, right? Like
to get the the foundation poured, the septic in,
and then you get the the glamping stuff delivered.
Like that would just take a long time. If you
could identify somebody who has land and has all
that stuff set up, then then you could just kind
of be a broker and be like, "Hey, are you using
your land? Can I the almost the same exact model
that you just said, like rent to own model? Can I
use your land? This is my business plan." And then
boom, you're ready to go. Then you wouldn't need
to necessarily buy the land. You could just lease
it from somebody. That's what I think. I think
you find land that you can lease purchase lease
with an option to purchase and you say, "Listen,
I am going to put here's the permanent things I'm
going to do to your land. I'm going to put a pad
on the land and I'm going to put septic. The pad
I just put a pad in my backyard is going to be
$7 a foot. So, let's say it's 500 square foot.
That's $3,500 and then the septic is going to be
$20,000. If in a year I don't want to renew my
lease or I don't want to buy it, you are going to
have free septic and a pad on your property. FYI,
that is a term and condition of this deal. Are you

[45:04]
cool with that? If yes, cool. So, like you could
find that property and sign that lease in a week.
And then during that time, you could be doing
your research on is there demand in this area,
enough demand for glamping. And what you could
even do, you could take it a step further. A lot
of glamping sites, if not most of them, don't
have a bathroom. It's just glamping. You got to
figure out your own bathroom. So, you don't have
to have a pad or a septic. You could start there,
show your demand, and then you realize from the
comments, I'm losing all these bookings because
I don't have a bathroom, but now I know there's a
lot of demand for a bathroom. Then you could put
it in at that point. Yeah, I love that. I I've
always loved the glamping idea. We looked at
it many times. So, did you buy Did you Did you do
it? No, but I would like to. It's on my list. Are
you seriously considering doing it, I should say?
No, just because I have so many other things that
I would love to do, but it's it's on my list. I
I might do it one day. If somebody was listening
right now and they lived in eastern Idaho and
they're like, "Oh, I know that area. I have land.

[46:04]
I have a septic tank. Chris, will you partner
with me to like figure out how to do that?" I'd
be very interested. You'd be very interested.
Okay. Yeah, cuz I genu like I'll put my money
where my mouth is. I think this is a great idea.
Of course. It's amazing idea. So, video is cool,
but you know what's better? Long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter. tkopod.com. Go there
to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's one
email a week. very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week, stuff like
this. You're going to love it. All free. No sleazy
salesbitch. tkopod.com. Should we do a little
bonus segment? Little bonus segment. I'm in,
dude. Okay. I will strive to portray the value
of this idea in no more than two sentences. How
about that? Done. I'm going to give you just the
idea and I'm going to try to tell you in only two
sentences enough information to get you agree to
agree that it's a good idea. Right. Okay, I had a
guy on my podcast that does coil cleaning on HVAC
units at grocery stores. The churn is almost zero.

[47:04]
It's very high ticket. He competes with no one on
it. That's the two sentences. And it's just coils.
Like he pressure washes the outside of HVAC
units to keep them running efficiently. Yeah,
dude. I saw this tweet the other day of somebody
who commented that was like people don't
understand that that if they just pressure wash
their HVAC unit like their home HVAC unit it'd
be 20% more efficient. Yeah, it seems fake. We're
right back to I mean that 20% sounds a lot. Like
if your coils don't look dirty, they're probably
not dirty, right? But this goes back to our B2B
stump grinding business. Like stump grinding is a
pain point for tree trimming businesses which is
why that is an industry now thanks to you and
I. This is the same thing. Coil cleaning is a
pain point for HVAC companies because they sell
these recurring maintenance contracts but it's a
pain to do the coil cleaning because they got to
go pull out the pressure washer which they don't
use for anything else. It's the same thing Nick.
So if you specialize in only pressure washing coil

[48:03]
cleaning spec and he said he does gas stations. He
says, 'But grocery stores are his best and biggest
customers and they never leave. He never churn
I He said he's literally never lost a grocery
store customer. So if you were to only do that
and specialize in that, I think pretty quickly
you could build up a good book of recurring
revenue. Why would the grocery store cancel?
Like at that point it's like what are they paying
him? What do they pay him? I don't remember. Okay,
let's say 500 per month, per quarter. It's it's a
month. Yeah. Yeah, dude. Something like that. It's
it's a rounding error. I don't even look at that
number. I mean, that's the same type of idea as
the AI stuff that I brought up, right? It's like
find one niche workflow and you can implement it.
That's just like find one niche cleaning thing or
like one niche maintenance thing at a big grocery
store or factory or whatever. Yeah. And you could
probably build a recurring business around that.
Yeah. Find the painoint that nobody really wants
to do but they have to do and unbundle it. Do you

[49:04]
remember when we talked about bingo loco seor? So
my wife went to it and we're going to it again in
Dallas and they make like 20 to $30,000 a night
and they travel around the country. All they do
is Instagram ads and they just do bingo in
the cramped hall and then they sell food and
alcohol and they sell bingo cards and people have
a blast and they all post about it and it's just
a beautiful business. I think someone needs
to validate that concept with portable pickle
ball courts where you just run Facebook ads to
start before spending a dollar. You run targeted
Facebook ads to 35 to 50 year olds that enjoy
pickle ball in a geographical area and you say,
"We're having a pickle ball party in the
Walmart parking lot or whatever and you
see if you can sell enough tickets to it. If
so, if you do, then you can buy or rent these
portable pickle ball courts and you could have a
big pickle ball party." How's that foriteration?
If you don't sell enough tickets, then you just
refund people and you move on with your life,

[50:02]
dude. Basically, it's bingo loco for pickleball or
bingo loco for anything like funky millennial fun
stuff. Add music, add whatever, charge way too
much money for it. Apply to any other industry.
Maybe it's pickle ball, maybe it's something
else. Where did you go like when when you guys
went to Bingo Loco? Where was it? It's at like
some random like hall like a just an event. It
could be in like a Holiday Inn conference center
when you did Bingo Loco. Are there like specific
games or like obviously you're playing bingo, but
is there anything in particular that they're doing
on top of the bingo? Yeah. Like there's someone
there's like a DJ on stage. They're playing music.
There's like neon lights. You win rewards. You
could win a trip. You could win like a life-sized
cardboard cutout of Ryan Gosling. Bro, it's it's
liquid death for bingo. Yes. All they're doing is
marketing it differently. Yeah. We're talking like
a thousand people that pay 40 bucks each just to
get in the door. And then for that's 40 grand in
case you're not counting. Then they sell alcohol,
they sell food, and they give away like a thousand
dollars in prizes. Like they don't give away that

[51:01]
many prizes, dude. It's literally liquid death
except in bingo form. And you could you could
apply that same thing. It's just packaging to
anything. It could be pickle ball, it could be or
just do it for bingo in other markets. Like just
call it bingo crazy and just go attend a bingo
loco. take notes and then go back to de mo Iowa
where being a local will never go to and do it
there. Yeah, the exact same thing. That's a really
good idea. Those are the like famous last words of
any entrepreneur. How hard could it be? I know.
But then they fly. Then they fly. I love that,
man. All right, what do we got? Okay, this is very
different. This is very offthe-wall, but I thought
of you. What are the large mower companies? Do
you know? Oh, Toro, John Deere. Like we're talking
about lawnmowers. Yeah. I just talked to a guy who
worked for a a mower company called Walker. Walker
mowers. Apparently they're the best mowers.
Harley know. I sure according to the guy who

[52:03]
works there. Well, he doesn't work there anymore,
but he's like, we had the best mowers. They were
way better than John Deere. The problem is we had
sales reps. It was super interesting. Apparently,
there's the manufacturer, but then they
had distributors and then they had dealers.
So there's like two layers into selling. Same as
John Deere, is it? So the manufacturer doesn't
actually sell to end users, but they do have to
do the marketing and branding awareness for the
It's weird. Anyways, so he's like, by the time it
gets to the dealer, which is one step removed or
two steps removed from them, their sales reps
didn't really know the product. And so they're
out there trying to sell Walker versus John Deere,
but if they don't understand the product, it's a
commodity at that point. So that anybody's just
going to make a choice on price. So he's like,
"I had the idea." This guy had the idea. He's
like, "I I convinced Walker to build something."
And I was like, "What?" He's like, "I convinced
them to build an amusement park." I was like,
"What? Wait, what are you talking about?" He's
like, "Well, it's not really an amusement park,

[53:02]
but at their headquarters, I'm sharing my screen
right now. They built three acres." And you can't
really see it with this three acres, but this
three acres had like has 120 different features
on it that showcase their mowers. So this right
here, they call this Mount Walker. He's like in
each side of this has a different incline. So you
can show how well Yeah. So you can show how well
the mower does. So they brought all the sales reps
and they they bring them just in like cohorts and
they come and they mow and they actually see like,
"Hey, we we've got a John Deere mower. We've got a
Walker mower. Let's show you how well it does.
And they'll that's just what they do like all
day. And so these sales reps go only for the sales
reps. This part it's only it's only for the sales
reps. Oh my gosh, my boy. Why do you think I'm
bringing this up? So only the sales rep come and
he was like that changed the game for us because
once the sales reps actually went and saw and felt
and knew what the difference was, then they could
speak to these guys who own landscaping companies

[54:00]
and say like look man, the turning radius or you
know whatever was like specific. I know this is
much better. And and so they they saw way better
outcomes. I asked him like, "So, do they open this
to the public?" He's like, "No, they don't." And
I'm like, "Are you freaking kidding me?" Cuz I
had I would buy a ticket right now, Nick. I'm the
biggest mowing enthusiast you've ever met, bro.
That's what I'm saying. I I was just going through
my credit card transactions. I spent $1,000 on
Home Depot this last week, and I don't even have
like a big project going on. That's a That's a
great week for me. That'd be a great week for me,
Nick. Dude, I've already been thinking. Like Home
Depot is like the Lego store for adults. You
just you just like go walk around, you're like,
"I think I might need this." You just like pick
something up and all of a sudden you're a couple
hundred in. This would like I guarantee you
this would get people coming and saying, "Yeah,
I'll volunteer to go mow some freaking grass." So
I I don't know if it's reaching out to Walker and
getting them to open this up to the public or if
it's opening up your own sort of fantasy camp for
people to come and mow, but how cool of a business
would that be? You got just a couple acres. You're

[55:05]
bringing people in and not You could I guess teach
them how to mow, but more than that, they're just
freaking riding around having a good time. Dude,
of course. Of course that's a good idea. What else
do you want me to say? Do you want me to say it's
a bad idea and lie through my teeth? Dude, I saw I
saw a viral Instagram video with 20 million views
about this family. They have a family reunion
every summer and they set up this obstacle course
with the the riding mower and everyone like races
around the obstacle course to like see how fast
they can do it and then there's like this hokey
prize like you could monetize that like easily.
It's first principles. Men love to ride riding
mowers. We love to cut grass. We love to see our
progress behind us. All right. So I was thinking
you know our friend Broszi is always like you just
need to lock yourself in a room for 18 hours. Turn
off the lights. ignore your friends and family
and build a business. And he gets a lot of crap
for that, right? Yeah. But there's something
to be said for it. So in our church, Nick, the

[56:04]
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, the
president of our church, Russell M. Nelson, was a
worldrenowned heart surgeon. Did you know it took
him 12 and a half years post college, postdocate
degree before he really started earning a real
salary as a heart surgeon? No. Are you serious? 12
and a half years. That's a fact. Is that normal?
Like does that still happen? Well, he wanted to
like get all these other certifications. Like he
really went the extra mile, which is one reason
why he became such a renowned heart surgeon.
He didn't just do the bare minimum. He did
PhD equivalent research in heart surgery. He got
advanced surgical training at the Mayo Clinic. He
had an internship, residency, multiple fellowships
abroad. He did all these other things. Yeah.
I mean, he was fairly well known in the medical
community. I think he was one of the first people
to perform open heart surgery and and the what was
the machine? Oh, a heart and lung machine, right?
Cuz like Oh, yeah. You need to have that if you're
going to do open heart surgeries. I I think he was
either the first or one of the first open heart
surgeons. Yeah. But 12 years is a that's a long

[57:02]
time. It's a long time. So I I say that because
like you and I are family men. We each have four
kids. We want to optimize our lives to hang out
with our family. But but I think there's something
to be said for saying, listen, I'm gonna I'm
gonna do my time. I'm going to pay my dues here.
I'm going to go away for a few months and really
build something incredible. I'm gonna work 18 hour
days non-stop and like this is an investment
in our family's future. Yeah. Like honey,
I'm going to be gone for like two months. I'm in a
hotel. I'm going to Florida. Chris and I are going
to hang out. Like we are building a business. You
know what I mean? Like we just leave our wives.
They handle the house. And of course, we have to
be creative. We go spear fishing. We shrimp on the
beach. No. Okay. First of all, you would never you
would never go spear fishing. But it's like you
can work 12 hours a day in a crappy job that you
hate and come home at 7:00 p.m. and be angry at
your kids and all in the name of well I don't want
to take a big risk or you can like set a couple
months aside and really build something amazing
so you never have to do that again you know. Yeah

[58:01]
I totally agree. The problem is that there are
people who are continually in that phase of like
oh I'm just it's just a few months. Oh once August
comes things will be better. Oh once January comes
things will be better. You know what I and they
just never figure out how to get out of the weeds.
Yeah. All right. So, let's go ahead and pick two
favorites. Like, gun to our head. If we had to
start one of these, you can't just pick one. I'm
going to pick two. You pick two. Why don't you go
first? If I had to pick two to start and make a
million dollars in the next six months, my number
one pick, I already said, would be buy a business
and add value on day one through AI automation. I
just think I know that really well. I could go
and find a business and within the first week
have an additional million to $2 million in value
in a business. Number two, dude, the liquidation
idea I think is if I had to make a million dollars
in six months, it would be the liquidation idea.
I have cash. I could I could buy more than enough
volume in order to make enough money to make that

[59:04]
million. You could store on your own property.
Yeah. Yeah, it just seems like that I like I'm
sure if I called Shannon was like, "Dude, I got to
freaking make some money. Could you help me?" Like
he would help me out. You know what I mean? Like
I just think that that one would be Yeah. such an
easy one to execute. Those are great ones and I'm
glad you chose those because that means we will
have no overlap. Okay. So, we got more surface
area here. Okay. Nice. My number one or sorry,
my two number ones, my tied for number ones are
the RV rentals as a service. You could finance it.
My only drawback on that one is it is kind
of location dependent. You might live in an
area where people just don't need RVs. If so, your
research will show you that and it just means that
you won't end up doing it. It doesn't mean you're
going to fail. You just your research will tell
you not to do it. Net of net. I love that idea
because I've done that idea. I know it can scale.
It's hard when you have only one or two, but
as you scale, you can hire people. You can have
systems in place. Okay. Other tied for number one
is your idea, AI automation for small businesses.

[1:00:03]
There are 32 million small businesses in America
alone. The vast majority of those have no
employees and they're not answering their phone,
if ever. They're definitely not answering after
5:00 p.m. I just think that is a blue ocean. In 10
years from now, it's still going to be early. It's
still going to be a great opportunity. Business
owners don't want to feel left behind. They have
FOMO about AI, but they don't need AI. So, they
just want someone to help them with it. And it's
a huge opportunity. That's a Dude, didn't hear
you say it that way. I am a new number one. I do
think if I didn't have the six-month constraint,
I think the RV rental would be my number one.
Yeah. Just I really like that business. It's
not going away. It's an experiential business.
Families will love it. Like I just I think that
that's an amazing business. I just think it would
take more than six months for me to get to where
I wanted to get to. Yeah. Well, maybe you're not
built different. I'm not, dude. I'm built the same
as everybody else. You're built same. Built same.

[1:01:00]
Don't say. All right. What' you think?