[00:00]
Everyone's using chat GBT yet almost no
one knows how to use it right or what
each of their eight core features,
models and products actually do. So
today I'm going to do three things for
you. I am going to rank from worst to
best the eight core chat GBT products,
features and models. The second thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to explain
in very simple terms what each of them
do and how each of them work. And the
third thing I'm going to do is explain
how you can monetize andor make money
with all eight of them. So, by the end
of this video, you're going to know how
to use every inch of Chat GBT, both for
your regular life and in the context of
making more money. And you're going to
know which ones are the most valuable.
Cuz imagine having a $1,000 iPhone and
only using it for the calculator
feature. You had no idea it could make
calls or text or surf the internet.
That's kind of like what we're doing
with Chat GPT Intel today. And believe
it or not, my number one on this list
you've probably never heard of because
it just came out. So, yes, the newest
ChatGpt product and feature is also the
one that I think is the most valuable,
and it's not ChatGPT agent. All right.

[01:00]
and it's not ChatGPT agent. All right.
And then you'll notice that here I'm
wearing a different shirt. I got a
haircut. I filmed most of this video
yesterday. And then hours later, ChatGpt
5 comes out. And I'm like, "Oh crap, I
haven't even published that dang video.
Is that video still relevant?" Turns
out, yes, it is. It's even more relevant
because Chad GPT5 is basically the
motherload of all those other eight
features. It combines them all into one.
It picks and chooses the best model at
the best time. But you can still pick
and choose each individual model on an
API basis. And so I spent hours with
Chad GPD5 testing its coding
capabilities, it writing capabilities,
its reasoning, helping me make stock
trades, look at my health data, and I'm
going to break it all down at the end.
The game has changed and OpenAI once
again is showing the world, hey, you
guys might be on our heels, but we're
still in front. Respect the boss. So be
looking out for that in my rankings.
All right, starting with number eight.
This is GPT 4.1 or mini or nano. This is
the least valuable feature of Chad GPT
in my opinion. And here's why. It's
commoditized. It's the slimmest model,

[02:02]
commoditized. It's the slimmest model,
which means it was trained on one of the
smallest data sets. It's really good for
doing simple tasks or for writing simple
blog articles, answering simple
questions. It's a much upgraded version
of Google, but it's only scratching the
surface of what other ChatGpt models are
capable of. That's why I ranked this
dead last. Now, what it is good for is
building chat GBT rappers. And if you're
not familiar with a rapper, a rapper is
an app or a web app or a business or a
website that's basically just chat GBT
with a different rapper on it. For
instance, if you were to make a cooking
app where you can chat with an app and
ask it questions about your recipes,
it's just chat GBT, but it's branded as
your cooking app. So, anytime I say
wrapper, that's what I mean. 4.1 is
really good for this because it's very
cheap to use. And if you're building a
chat GPT wrapper that's not very
complicated, 4.1 is what you want to
use. And it's kind of crazy that I'm
ranking this dead last because it just
goes to show how much competition 4.1
has with all of the other products and

[03:00]
has with all of the other products and
services that Chad GPT offer. I will say
it is very fast. It answers your
questions with lightning speed, but it's
kind of a mile wide and an inch deep
situation. But if we were going to
monetize 4.1 in some way, I would go
along the lines of bulk content services
where you generate thousands of product
descriptions for a couple hundred bucks.
You could sell those product
descriptions to e-commerce brands. Or
you could make digital products with it.
You could build chat bots for small
businesses that they implement in the
corner of their website to help them
save on customer service costs. These
are examples of rappers. You could
generate hundreds or thousands of
captions for social media posts with
4.1. And you could do that as a service
for social media management agencies.
You could do cold email or an email
marketing agency where you write the
emails with 4.1. You could write 10,000
individualized personalized emails for
about a hundred bucks. But the problem
with these business models is you will
compete with a lot of people because
there's just not a lot of skill
involved. So, let's head to number
seven. That's going to be GPT40.

[04:00]
seven. That's going to be GPT40.
I call it the jack of all trades. The
Swiss Army knife of AI. What I love
about it, and again, I can't believe
this is number seven out of eight
because it is so good. 40 can talk, it
can see, it can hear. This is the model
that I use when my lawn mower stops
turning and I basically FaceTime chat
GPT and show it the undercarriage of my
lawn mower and it's like, "Hey, there's
a rock in there. Pull the rock out." It
literally did that. It's a real story.
Can you believe that's seven of eight?
But because of the fact that it's a jack
of all trades, it's a master of none.
It's not exceptional at any of those
things. When you're having voice
conversations with it, it's going to
give you much shallower answers.
Whereas, when you're typing with it or
doing voiceto text with it, the same
questions, the same model, it will give
you much, much deeper answers. That's
why I spent a few months doing a lot of
voice chatting with 40 and now I just
use the voicetoext feature. So, as far
as chat GPT is concerned, I'm actually
typing out my question because when I do
that, I get much more thorough answers.
And I assume the reason for this is

[05:01]
And I assume the reason for this is
because it doesn't want to just keep
talking and talking and talking with a
long drawn out answer. It would much
rather blast out that text for me in the
chat window. So if you're on the go,
you're driving, you want to use it for
quick, simple questions, it's basically
a more multimedia version of 4.1, which
we ranked at number eight. It can handle
basically anything you throw at it. And
just think of this in the context of
business. Who makes more money, the
heart surgeon or the pediatrician? The
heart surgeon, he's more specialized. He
has a more narrow skill, therefore he
can charge a lot more money. That same
principle applies here. You can make
more money with the more specialized
models. Don't get me wrong, there are a
lot of monetization opportunities here.
Virtual assistant services at $15 to 30
bucks an hour. You could give real
estate virtual tours with this model.
You could do customer service automation
for $200 to $500 a month per client. You
could even do medical consultation
support, but you do have to be careful
with the regulations with stuff like
that. You don't really want to use 40 if
you're building a rapper because of the

[06:00]
you're building a rapper because of the
fact that it is more expensive, but the
additional expense is not proportional
to the additional quality that you get
out of it. Okay, let's go to number six.
Sora. This is video generation. Sora is
freaking magical. I did a video on V3
from Gemini/Google. That's even more
magical, honestly, but it's a lot more
expensive. With Sora, you just type out
some text and you get professionallook
video clips. So, any business in the
world that uses video in their business
in any capacity has a need for your
services using Sora. You don't need
editing equipment, production cost. It's
like having a $100,000 video production
team sitting right in your pocket. We're
talking commercial quality footage that
would have cost thousands of dollars to
produce just 6 to 12 months ago. But the
reason I have this ranked at number six
of eight is because the wow factor fades
pretty fast. It's still kind of a
gimmick. It's still kind of a party
trick. It's incredibly powerful, but
it's going to get commoditized much
quicker than you think. We can already
see it when we're swiping on social
media. Immediately, the AI generated

[07:01]
media. Immediately, the AI generated
videos, even if they're of real people,
just stand out to us. The audio isn't
quite right. Something's just kind of
off about it. But we're in a race
against time before everyone has access
to this technology. So, right now,
today, while it's still magical, you can
still charge premium prices. You're
still going to stand out, you just won't
have as much of a lifespan on this. I
see a lot of opportunity in real estate
marketing videos. Taking pictures of a
real estate listing, uploading them to
Sora, and converting them to a video.
Almost every property has professional
pictures nowadays, but very few of them
have professional videos. You can
generate walkthroughs with Sora just
from pictures. And you can automate this
process as well. Quick question. What if
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
owners and it's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner. Also, there's
going to be exclusive new trends, growth
hacks, business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.

[08:00]
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anything with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com, link in the show notes.
Whatever business you start using Sora,
I highly encourage you to charge as much
as you can while you can because I do
think prices will continue going down in
this industry. Okay, now for number
five, GPT4.5.
I call this my creative genius. This is
the most creative version of chat GPT.
It's the best at big picture thinking
and it makes fewer mistakes on complex
long- form projects. Think of it as your
personal creative director and your
strategic adviser all rolled into one.
This is what you're going to use if you
need like interesting or breakthrough
ideas, not just execution or if you need
someone else, an unbiased third party to
completely reimagine how something
should work or look. But it is kind of
middle of the pack in my ranking because
how do you charge someone for better big
picture thinking? Results here can be

[09:00]
picture thinking? Results here can be
subjective, which kind of makes it
harder to defend your pricing. Now, if
you're like a brand strategy consultant
today, you're probably charging $10 to
$50,000 per engagement. This is about 70
to 80% as good as that. So why not
become a brand strategy consultant that
charges 90 to 95% less. And you hop on a
Zoom with someone, you ask them
pre-planned questions that ChatGpt fed
you in advance, and then you use ChatG
to answer those questions. And you
deliver what you found in a nice well
formatted way. Ironically, I think a lot
of these models are going to make people
that can think on their feet a lot more
valuable because everyone will know
they're not using or relying on ChatGpt
to generate answers. By the way, if
you're liking this video, please
subscribe to my channel. It would really
mean a lot. I do ask me anythings every
week where people just throw questions
at me and I'm able to answer on my feet
and I'm hopeful that that becomes more
valuable over time. All right, time for
number four. Deep research. Deep
research is like having your personal
research team that never sleeps. Most of
the other companies out there have a
deep research feature. Perplexity and

[10:01]
deep research feature. Perplexity and
Claude, theirs are both great as well.
And I always use them side by side. I
never run just a deep research prompt
within chat GPT. I always run the same
prompt across at least three different
AI companies so I can cross reference
between the three, but very consistently
ChatGBT's responses are the best. Deep
Research combines web search, deep
analysis, and professional report
generation. If you've heard of McKenzie,
they're one of the largest consulting
firms in the world. It's kind of like
that in your pocket plus a Google
researcher plus working at superhuman
speed. This is research that would
normally take a team of analysts weeks
to complete. Therefore, I'm not bullish
on the Mckenzies of the world. I rank
this highly because it can literally
replace $5,000 to $500,000 consulting
engagements. Now, you still need humans.
You still need people to deliver those
results. Still helps to have a track
record, but it is closing the gap
between a guy with a computer and a guy
with a Stanford MBA. And the magic of
deep research happens when you really
start to upload proprietary data,

[11:02]
start to upload proprietary data,
internal data that the internet doesn't
know about. So, if you were to sit down
with a small business and ask how well
their salespeople are doing at upselles,
you could take all of that sales data,
upload it to Deep Research, and it could
compare and contrast against other
companies within that same industry.
That is data you could not get anywhere
else. So, yes, it's awesome for just
prompting it without any context or any
references or any uploads. It works
amazingly for that. But if you really
want to have it do magical things, you
upload it proprietary data from you or
from a business owner that you're
working with. Here are some examples of
some high-value services and what they
charge for stuff like this. Due
diligence for mergers and acquisitions
cost $50 to $500,000 per deal. Market
research reports can cost between $2500
and $250,000 per report. A competitive
intelligence analysis can cost $10 to
$100,000 per study. I'm not saying that
deep research can do 100% of what these
other things can do as led by real

[12:00]
other things can do as led by real
humans, but the 8020 rule is in full
effect. 80% cheaper, 80% is good. What
company wouldn't take a flyer on that
bet? All right, number three, 03 and 04
mini. I call these my little problem
solvers. 03 is a PhD level reasoning
engine. It is best at complex coding,
advanced mathematics, technical
analysis, and solving problems that
would stump most humans. Let's say you
want Chad GPT to look at your Robin Hood
account and give you an options trading
strategy. You'd use 03 for that. We hear
the phrase reasoning model thrown around
a lot, but what does that actually mean?
A reasoning model is not just guessing
words. It's solving a puzzle. Many of
these AI models are just kind of like
autocorrect on steroids. It's guessing
what the next word is or should be based
on millions of rows of data. But a
reasoning model is almost thinking for
itself in a way in a strategic way. You
know, when you ask your smart friend a
question and he doesn't just blurt out
an answer. He says, "Huh, let me think

[13:00]
an answer. He says, "Huh, let me think
about that for a sec." That's a
reasoning model. It's like hiring the
smartest person you've ever met, but
only to solve technical challenges. 03
is what you're going to use when
accuracy matters a lot more than speed.
It will take a little longer to get the
answer you're looking for. The reason I
love this from a monetization angle is
because complex problems equal complex
budgets. Coding and technical work has a
very clear and measurable return on
investment that executives can
understand. That's why coders make so
much money. It's a lot harder to
replicate good technical work that
creates a natural defensibility around
your business. So the money-making
opportunities can be substantial. You
could charge thousands for code audit
services, technical documentation, data
science consulting, patent research and
analysis, trading algorithms. This is
the model you would use to build any of
those things. You're looking for
companies that have technical problems
that are costing them millions. Time for
number two, chat GPT agent. It was
really, really hard for me to rank

[14:00]
really, really hard for me to rank
number one and number two. It was almost
neck andneck, but I got to go with
agent. I did a video on agent already.
It's my most popular video ever and it
is a mind-boggling product. Chad GBT
Agent takes everything that deep
research is and combines it with
automation, robotic automation. It
actually goes out and does stuff for you
on your behalf as you sleep. It can book
flights, make orders, schedule meetings,
handle transactions, reservations. This
is the closest thing we have today to an
actual AI employee. Not like just an AI
that helps you work better. An AI that
literally does the work instead of you
doing the work. And I'm ranking this so
highly because it is a direct labor
replacement. You get clear and immediate
return on investment because it's
replacing human hours one to one. And
what percentage of businesses even know
that it exists? 2%. What percentage of
those 2% are actually using it or
integrating into their workflows? Almost
none. This thing came out 2 3 weeks ago.
So where do we even begin when talking
about monetization potential? If you

[15:01]
about monetization potential? If you
integrate this with every employee at a
company and let's say they're planning
to hire 100 people over the next 2
years, they might be able to shrink that
100 to 10 people. So, I don't think this
is the thing that's going to cause
companies to lay off all their
employees. I think it's the thing that's
going to turn all of their employees
into superhumans, which will help them
crush their competition and not need to
hire more actual humans. One interesting
exercise that anyone listening or
watching this can do is to simply have a
notepad at their computer and every time
they perform a task that's not very
complex, which are most of our tasks,
they need to just write it down with a
timestamp. And then at the end of the
day, look how long your list is, upload
a picture of those tasks to ChatGpt and
say, "Help me automate all of these.
Help me outsource all of these." And
you'd be shocked at how much you're
going to be able to outsource. You could
just start a travel booking agency where
executives email you where they want to
go and when they want to go. You connect
that to chat GBT agent and it
automatically books their flight for
them. And instead of you booking the
flights one by one, you're just playing

[16:02]
flights one by one, you're just playing
air traffic control and watching all
these things happen and fixing things as
they inevitably break. And the more you
fix them, the more you can tweak the
automations and the less they'll break.
How about retail arbitrage? That's a
whole industry. buying a Lego set on
Amazon.com because on walmart.com it
sells for 50% more. You can automate all
of that. I consulted with a brand just
last month that sells 3,000 different
products and they are always cross
referencing their major competitors.
Chad GBT Agent does that for them now.
It will literally make a Google sheet
for them as they're sleeping and put
down the price of all the 40oz tumblers
that all their competitors are selling
so they know where to price theirs
competitively. You could offer that same
implementation as a service for
companies just like those. For any
company that sells any product or
service that might ever want to keep
tabs on their competitors or their
vendors or their customers or anyone,
you could implement that for a fee and
then for an ongoing fee as well. ChatGpt

[17:01]
then for an ongoing fee as well. ChatGpt
agent moves us from AI as an adviser to
AI as an employee. So maybe then we can
finally stop using Cad GBT like another
Google. If companies pay $100,000 a year
for an employee, why wouldn't they pay
you $20,000 a year to replace that
employee? But here's the reason why this
is number two and not number one.
There's still some technical
uncertainty. It still breaks a lot. It's
still young and implementation can be
all over the map depending on what kind
of system you're using. PC or Apple,
Salesforce, Netswuite, Shopify, there's
a lot of moving parts. And speaking of
number one, here's number one. So video
is cool, but you know what's better?
Long form audio via podcast and my
newsletter. tkopod.com.
Go there to subscribe for free to my
newsletter. It's one email a week. Very
tactical. And then go to my audio
podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff
like this. You're going to love it. All
free. No sleazy salespitch. tkopod.com.
Here's number one. GPTOSs,
which just came out yesterday. OSS

[18:02]
which just came out yesterday. OSS
stands for opensource software. Everyone
knew that Chad GPT would come out with
this. It took longer than I thought it
would, but this is a gamecher. What this
means is that you can now run chat GBT
locally on your computer and soon on
your phone to where no third party, no
other company can see what's going on in
that model with that AI. For instance,
my mom is a lifelong journaler. I love
her. She has hundreds of journals, tens
of thousands of pages of journals,
50some years worth of journals. I could
digitize and upload all those journals
into chat GBT that lives locally on her
computer that no one else has access to
and she can ask it questions. What was
the worst day of my life? What was the
best day of my life? What are some fun
memories of my favorite child, Chris?
She doesn't want to do that today
because it's on the internet but no
longer. And so here's why this is number
one for me by a freaking landslide.
Here's what makes GPTO OSS the king of
money-making AI features.

[19:00]
money-making AI features.
implementation.
Every company knows that AI is here to
stay. It's not a fad. We talked about
crypto being a fad, cloud kitchens being
a fad. There's so many fads that have
come and gone. No one thinks AI is a fad
cuz it's not. Every company knows they
need it on some level, but they don't
know how to implement it. If they do
know how to implement it, they're
probably not implementing it because of
these data privacy concerns that are now
gone. Chad has the name brand. They're
the gold standard. They're the Apple of
all of the AI companies. We know them
and we largely trust them. But it's only
3 years old and there have been data
leaks. Chat GPT is far from perfect.
Don't get me started on the nonprofit
stuff and Sam Alman shadiness and all
that. We won't go there. So companies
are stuck between a rock and a hard
place. I want a GPT of our own data, but
I don't trust Chad GPT. And if I can't
trust ChatgPT, who can I trust? Now you
can trust ChatGpt without actually
having to trust ChatGpt because you
don't have to give them your data. You
can use their technology but keep your
data on your own servers locally. But
they have no idea how to implement this.

[20:01]
they have no idea how to implement this.
And here's a news flash. It's not that
complicated. It's not that hard. If you
want to learn how to do it, you can ask
Chad GBT itself how to do it. Do it for
your own data. Do it for your emails.
Practice on yourself. Why am I still
whispering? Then you can start doing it
for others. You can charge a fat upfront
fee, thousands or tens of thousands of
dollars depending on how complex it is.
Maybe you charge per gigabyte, per
terabyte, and then you charge hundreds
or thousands of dollars a month to
update it, to add more data, to fix it,
to be a help desk for the company. As of
today, I think this is the biggest
money-making opportunity in AI. That's
why you're still watching. This is
complete data control that never leaves
your building. All you got to do is walk
into a Fortune 500 company and say,
"Hey, I can implement a company GPT for
you, and it will never leave your
servers." And what are they going to
say? take my money. Where do I sign? You
could start in healthcare or finance
because those are the industries that
need this thing the most. We're talking
about millions to tens of millions worth

[21:01]
about millions to tens of millions worth
of contracts signed with people like you
and I, just regular old Joe's to
implement these models for companies. Do
you know how much companies are charging
today to train custom AI models for
other companies? Between a4 million and
$2 million plus per project. Look at any
metric or Google trends chart for data
privacy consulting and it is up and to
the right forever and always. And you'll
be even more successful if you could
partner with a guy that has networking
or hardware experience. This is
basically the AI equivalent to the gold
rush or the oil rush. And once you're
embedded with these companies, they're
going to go for you for everything AI
because the switching costs for them are
very, very high. 6 months down the road
if someone new comes to them and says,
"Hey, I can help you train new AI models
for 20 to 40% of what you paid last
time, you think they're going to
switch?" Absolutely not. They're way too
reliant on these models by that point.
And that sounds like a nightmare to
them. All right, and now for the updated
ranking. My true number one ranking
coming in at.5, not second, not first,
but five is Chad GBD5. I've been playing

[22:02]
but five is Chad GBD5. I've been playing
around with it all day. It just came out
like three hours ago, and holy crap. So
chat GBT kind of removes the need for
you to think about which model should I
use when and where. It's just going to
pick the best one. It's still using all
of the other eight models and features,
but it's working in the background more.
It's removing the friction, which any
good business does. Coding on this thing
is outrageous. You can code games with
one prompt. I hate to say this, but it's
better than Replet. It's better than
bolts. Better than lovable and all
those. And a lot of times when you get a
model that's really good at coding and
solving complex challenges, it's not as
good at writing because writing is a
more creative skill. False. Chat 5
crushes writing. What I love about Chat
GPD5 is that it doesn't hallucinate as
much. The context window is a million
tokens, which is five times more than
Claude Opus 4.1, which means you can
upload entire books and ask it
questions. That was not possible before.
Yes, it's possible in Gemini, but I'm
going to say it. I don't like Gemini.

[23:00]
going to say it. I don't like Gemini.
It's kind of dumb. I'm sorry. I'm just
not happy with it. Furthermore, chat
GBT5 is not just a yes man. It's not
like, oh yes, yes, I'm nice. I agree
with you. Just keep using me no matter
what. No, it's going to be more frank,
more upfront, more honest with you. It
works a lot faster. It's still doing a
lot of complex tasks in the background,
but it starts answering you while it
keeps thinking about how it's going to
finish the answer. I've never seen
anything like it. So, how would I use
Chad5 to make money? Where do I even
begin? I'm going to make another video
where I take a few different prompts and
I'm going to test it against Chad GPT5,
Gro 4, Claude Opus 4.1, and Gemini Pro
2.5. Prompts like, I have $200, a
MacBook, an internet connection, and a
car. Give me the best business plan
possible to make $10,000 in a week. I'm
going to take prompts like that and
stress test it against all four models
and see which one really gives me the
most thorough answer. And then, who
knows, I might go out and start one of
these things and see how well it
actually does. So basically everything
I've said about monetizing, starting
businesses, making money about all these

[24:00]
businesses, making money about all these
other eight features, put all those on
steroids and you've got Chad GPD5. So
honestly, I don't know why you're still
watching me. Please subscribe to me,
share it with a friend, go do something
about this video, and I'll see you next
time on the Kerner