[00:00]
made me $400 profit over the course of
about two business hours. Not bad. Not
bad. I don't like Gemini. You're just not cool,
Gemini. If it weren't for you, I would have
made a 60% day overday return. Thank you,
Grock, for I like you now. Claude wants
me to start doing outreach on day one,
which I love. These are four credibility shortcuts
that he gave me that I really, really like.
Chad GPT5 just came out and it is already
blowing minds. But is it better than Gemini,
Claude, Grock, and can it make me more money than
any of the other ones? Can it make you more money
than any of the other ones? Today, I find out. I
take three different money-making prompts and pit
them against all of the competing AI companies
out there. I will actually invest my hard-earned
money live on camera and then revisit it to see
which one made or lost me the most money. And then
we find out which one is best. Is Chat GPT5 best
for making money? You're about to find out. Okay,
here is the prompt. You are an expert in rapid
business creation and online research. My goal,
become a $100 an hour consultant in the next 72
hours in a field I currently have no experience

[01:02]
in. Then it has a bunch of rules. I'll put them
up on the screen so you can read them. I don't
want to read them all. It must be fully legal. I'm
starting from scratch. I don't have an audience.
I don't have rich family or friends. I have
500 bucks and I can work 12 hours per day for
the next three days. And I also asked it to ask
me questions. This is a very important key. Ask
it to ask you the right questions that it needs to
get the most context that it needs to give you the
best output. Outside from deep research on chat
GPT, it's not ever going to ask you questions.
Not any of these models. So, this says, "Ask me
10 targeted questions. I'm just going to do five
cuz we don't want to take too much time." Think
like a war general planning a speedrun to $100 an
hour consulting status. Be specific, tactical, and
leave no steps vague or generic. All right. Now,
I'm going to copy this prompt. I'm going to
open a new chat window. You can see I'm using
GPT5. I'm going to paste it. I am going to change
this to five questions. Okay. Boom. It's going to
get to work. Let's go to Claw Opus 4.1. Same
prompt. Exact same prompt. Boom. Let's go to

[02:02]
Grock 4. Same prompt. Boom. Gemini 2.5 Pro. Boom.
Let's see which is fastest. Chad GPT is already
asking me questions. Claude is already asking me
questions. Grock, ask me questions. Google Gemini
still thinking. Ah, Gemini. Come on, grandma. All
right, let's go to Chad. Here are my five targeted
questions. Skill DNA. What are your fastest
learning skills? Okay, here's the questions that
asked me. What are my fastest learning skills? And
I said, I can identify monetization opportunities
and I'm willing to execute on business ideas ASAP.
Number two, what's your comfort zone? Do you want
to do remote or is in person okay? Either or.
Industry boundaries. What industry should I
avoid? I said anything elicit. Number four, proof
of assets. Do you have any borrowable credibility
I can lean on? I wanted this to be as barebones
as possible. So, no credibility. Number five,
delivery preference. Would you rather sell advice,
strategy, offer a mix of strategy and advice,

[03:00]
or sell fast results in a very specific? And
I said, anything that lets me use Judge B5 in
the best way? Number six, sales energy. Are you
comfortable with aggressive outreach, cold DMs,
Loom videos, phone calls? Would you prefer softer
inbound style? Yes, I am. I'm comfortable with it.
All right, there's my answer. Let's see what
Claude asked me. What is your current comfort
level with technology? 1 to 10. I'll say seven
and yes. Two. Oh, it also asked me, am I good at
writing and do I have experience with AI tools?
Yes, decent at writing? Yes, experience with AI.
What industries have I worked in before? I'm going
to treat this like I'm 18 years old again. So,
food service, pest control, keep it simple. What
do people ask you for help with? Business advice.
What topics can you talk for 30 minutes
without preparation? Business three,
learning style. What's an example of something
complex you've quickly learned in the past? How
did you approach it? See, vibe coding. Better
at learning through videos, reading, hands-on
practice. Visual learner. How comfortable are
you with learning while doing? Very comfortable.

[04:06]
Market access and geography. What city, region are
you in? DFW. No LinkedIn connections. I'm going to
lie to it so it doesn't lead on that. What's your
age range and general appearance? 38 male 6'3 in
lots of RZ risk tolerance. Are you comfortable
with cold outreach? Yes. No. Elicit industries.
Willing to work for free. Done. All right. What
does Grock want to know? These questions from
Grock are like a lot more broad. There's no list.
There's no bullet points. Any hard constraints?
I'll just say nothing. Elicit. I live in DFW. Very
fast learner. Work with anyone. Have I ever sold
anything online or offline? Never sold anything.
What additional resources do you have behind the
500? Decent at doortodoor. All right. Gemini. What
does Gemini want to know? Gemini is just asking me

[05:05]
if it's okay to do deep research to do this stuff.
So, I don't know. Why are you waiting on me, dude?
Okay. Okay, so Gemini is still working. Gemini
basically spent a bunch of time to say, "Chris,
do you mind if I do deep deep research?" It's
like, "Dude, bro, go." All right, Grock's still
cooking. Claude is done. Chad GPT is done. Go back
to Chad GPT. It says that I'm good at spotting
monetization. I told it all this stuff. If that's
correct, I can move forward and pick the exact
niche. You can enter cold hours, build the crash
course skill plan, create authority shortcuts,
map the client acquisition sequence, give you the
hourby- hour playbook. Is that alignment correct?
Yes, Chad GBT is searching the web. All right,
Claude, here is your Intel profile. Strong tech
adaptability, yada yada. It's basically just
regurgitating what I already told it kind
of like CGBT did. So, Claude and Chat GBT are
treating this very similarly and they basically
just laid out the plan. Here's what I understand
about you according to how you answered me. Are

[06:00]
you ready for the full strategic plan? Yes. In
Gemini's defense, it kind of did the same thing,
but it did that too early in the process.
All right. Now, Grock is saying, "Here's a
summary of your answers." Grock is just getting
getting going. It's selected digital marketing,
consulting, specializing in paid ads for local
service businesses. Okay. Why this niche? Tailored
to your situation, high demand, low barriers to
entry, realistic for 72 hours, ethical legal fit,
skill crash course. You will learn minimum viable
skills, setting up, running basic Facebook, Google
ad campaigns, yada yada yada. Exact 12 to 24-hour
learning plan. You're going to use free cheap
resources. You're going to practice tasks. You're
going to proof building steps. You're going to
build authority. Client acquisition plan. Build a
target list with Google Maps. Doortodoor. It has a
script. Quick win for more leads at business name.
Followup pricing and upselles. Initial offer.
$100 an hour for ad setup optimization. Delivers
measurable leads. Google certified. All right.

[07:01]
This is an hourby- hour execution checklist. Let's
see. This is Grock 4. Day one, learning and setup.
Google skillshop certification, Facebook blueprint
courses, break YouTube tutorial setup. So, it's
given me 12 hours a day. Day two, more learning
plus authority plus initial outreach. Day three,
outreach blitz plus close. Doortodoor, send,
followup, break, track progress in a Google
sheet. If no client by hour 70, extend research
research shows 200 touches yield one to two
wins. Stay tactical, adapt as needed. You've
got this fast learner advantage. All right,
I kind of like that. Let's see what Claude says.
Your niche AI implementation consultant for local
service businesses. Okay. DFW has 50,000 service
businesses. They'll pay $100 an hour to someone
who speaks their language. All right. Now, I like
this. It's showing me all of its sources embedded
in the response as Claude likes to do. We're also
going to measure the word count here. Okay. My
positioning is the AI guy who speaks contractor.
This niche crushes because home services are

[08:03]
on the leading edge of adoption of AI. Probably
one of the hottest industries in the world right
now. Your pest control background equals instant
credibility. $100 an hour justification. They're
already paying $1 to $200 an hour for basic
business consultants. Okay, I don't know who's
doing that in local home service businesses. Not
to be awkward, but this video takes me a long time
to make and it took me about 16 hours to learn
these lessons. So, if you want to say thanks,
just click subscribe and that would go so far for
me. Back to the video. All right, hour by hour,
day one, skill acquisition blitz. Hours one
through three, core AI tools mastery. Sign up for
free trials. Zapier, make voice flow or bot press,
which are chatbot builders, and cal.com, which is
AI scheduling. Watch YouTube crash courses. Hours
four through six, industry specific learning,
Service Titan, House Call Pro, Facebook groups for
HVAC business owners. Hours 7 through nine, build
your demo arsenal. Great demos using free tools.
Hours 10 through 12. Authoritybuilding script.

[09:01]
It seems like create simple website on card.co.
How did I know that I use card? Maybe it's just
a coincidence. Three case studies. Write through
case studies. Fictional but realistic. Set up my
Google My Business profile as AI consultant. Day
two. Market penetration. What I like about Claude
is it's more accelerated. Now, it is a different
niche entirely. We're not apples to apples, but I
feel like this plan is going to get me to money
faster. market penetration on day two, digital
outreach, free value bomb, strategic partnerships,
day three, close the deals on Grock. Grock doesn't
have me even doing outreach until day three. Okay,
it has a cold approach script, pricing strategy,
starter package 500, transformation package
2,000, monthly retainer 1,000 a month, credibility
shortcuts, the beta tester play. These are four
credibility shortcuts that he gave me that I
really, really like. The beta tester play is offer
three businesses free setup in exchange for video
testimonials. Number two, the association angle.
Offer to speak at local PHCC plumbing, heating,

[10:02]
cooling contractors meeting about AI. Number
three, the case study hack. Document everything,
even free work as case studies. Number four, the
partner power move. Partner with one established
contractor as your showcase client. Red flags
to avoid. Don't overpromise. Don't talk tech.
Talk time and money saved. I like it. Don't chase
residential contractors initially. Don't negotiate
hourly rate package deals. This is good. And it
success metrics. Day one is only complete when
three working demos are created, website is live,
10 plus contractor connections made. So Claude
wants me to start doing outreach on day one, which
I love. Day two is complete when 30 plus outreach
messages sent, 10 plus businesses engaged,
five plus demos scheduled. Okay. Day three is
complete when three demos delivered. First paying
client secured and pipeline of 10 plus prospects.
The multiplier effect. Once you land your first
client, referral request, success story, upsell
immediately. Industry penetration. Your mantra
is I help contractors work on their business,

[11:03]
not in their business. Ready to execute? The
clock starts now. DFW contractors are losing
money every hour. They don't have AI. You're
their $100 hourly solution. I love this. Okay,
I'm not to the grading yet, but I just love this.
This is so good. All right, let's do ChatG last.
Let's see what Gemini's come up with. Okay,
it's researching a lot. 24 different sites.
I see Reddit in there a bunch. Upwork. Gemini is
still cooking. So hopefully the time it's taking
is proportional to how good it is. Okay, chat
GPT. Here we go. The niche Chad recommends for
me is create and sell custom GPTs. Many chat
GPTs for small local businesses. Oh my gosh,
my last video was about doing this. My last video
called eight best Chad GPT tools to make money
with ranked. That was my number one opportunity.
Okay, but trying to remember if I had talked to
Chad GPT about that, if it's just a coincidence or
not, I don't even remember. So, very interesting

[12:00]
because so far all three of these models want me
to do three different but somewhat similar things.
ads agency for local home service businesses,
AI implementation for local businesses,
and now create and sell custom GPTs for small
local businesses like realtors, therapists,
coffee shops, and local. I don't know what coffee
shop needs their own GPT. Maybe in the future
that'll be a thing, but I feel like that's like
saying 15 years ago, every coffee shop's going to
have their own app. The app store is the next big
thing. Every small business needs their own app.
People were saying that. I remember it. It's not
true. They don't. Most don't. Now, every business
needs a website. Will custom small business
GPTs go the way of the app or the website?
To be determined. I don't think it's necessary.
Maybe it is. I don't know. If a coffee shop could
use a chatbot on their website to answer simple
questions like, "What are your operating hours?"
Maybe any business that needs a chatbot could use
its own GPT. So, the chatbot can use the data in
the GPT. I don't know. I'm conflicted on that.
Tell me in the comments what you think. All right.

[13:00]
So GPTs hit 3 million published by January 2024.
Small Biz demand is soaring. So it is sourcing.
Uh I don't like what it's sourcing. Wikipedia
Business Insider. I don't like those sources,
but says you're selling. I'll launch a custom
AI assistant for your business in 72 hours. All
right. Here's my skills crash course. Okay.
Here's what I like about this. It links to
the exact sources that I need to use to do this
stuff. It says, "Watch this video called Starting
a Consulting Business. Study prompt guides." And
it has all these links in here. Create three demo
GPTs, fast authority build, client acquisition.
Okay. I like how he gave me a template for
outreach. But, okay. Is Gemini Gemini, are
you even done? Because I'm going to a wedding
reception here soon. You got to hurry. All right.
Gemini is done. We'll we'll get back to Chad GPT,
but honestly, I'm a little let down. Gemini says,
"The 72-hour consultant, a tactical blueprint for
rapid business creation." That's like the most
AI generated sentence I've ever read. I'm such

[14:01]
a hater on Gemini. I need to stop this. It's my
bias is showing. By the way, like I don't have
any like I don't have any affiliate links. I'm not
sponsored by any of these. This is just fun. This
Gemini thing, honestly, it's not ADHD friendly.
It's losing me. It's reading like a white paper
written by a a Stamford PhD. Part one, strategic
briefing. Part two, mission blueprint, the 72-hour
assault on 100 hour consulting. Wow, there's
a lot here. All right, here's one thing I like
about this. It definitely buried the lead here.
I had to scroll and zoom in and look and just to
find what it chose for me. What is my idea? What
am I doing? And it says the noode automation and
productivity consultant for service-based SMBs.
That is a mouthful. No code automation. Okay,
so like an AI implementation andor automation
agency and or consultant. Okay, here's what I
like about this. The Trojan horse entry strategy.
A major obstacle in consulting is the long sales
cycle associated with large complex projects.
Proposing a full-scale operational overhaul to

[15:05]
a new client is a high friction approach destined
for failure within a 72-hour window. The strategy
here is to use a small, high impact project as
a Trojan horse. The initial offer will focus on
solving one specific, highly painful, and easily
automated task for the client. This could be
something as simple as automating the transfer of
leads from a website form to a CRM or spreadsheet.
This low-risk quick win project gets a consultant
inside the walls once value's been okay. I call it
foot in the door. Gemini calls it Trojan horse. I
like it. That's a good idea. Rapid armament crash
course. Okay, this is not written at a fifth grade
reading level. Use Zapier and Air Table. Very,
very detailed curriculum. Upwork blitz. It's very
very specific on how to make an Upwork profile
and how to target it so you get customers. It
says Upwork is a marketplace of active buyers.
I like that it's taking this approach. Do not use
the title Zapier developer. Use a valueoriented

[16:02]
title like productivity consultant. I automate
repetitive tasks for service-based businesses.
The first two lines are critical. Lead with the
pain points. This is really good. Channel two,
LinkedIn surgical strike. Channel three, community
and forum reconnaissance. Section five, pricing
and packaging. Okay, it's pretty good. It's hard
to read for a simple-minded man such as myself,
but here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go
to wordcounter.net and I'm going to see how many
words these all are. All right, number of words
for Gemini, 4531. Number of words for Chad GBT,
625. Wow. Okay, now more does not always equal
better, but Chad GBT was very, very light. Let's
go to Grock. 1821 for Grock. Last but not least,
Claude Opus 4.1. I really like this one. 1409.

[17:00]
Okay, more does not always equal better, but I'm
going to call it quality density. Which one had
the most dense quality? All right, I'm going to
judge these by overall, which is just like a gut
feel, and then density of quality, how many words,
how likely is it to work, and then I'm going to
add up all those, you know, zero through five
grades, highest grade wins. So, chat GPT5, its
idea was to be a 72-hour create and sell custom
GPTs. I don't know. I think we're early. I don't
know if a coffee shop needs a GPT. I don't know if
they would pay for that. If they need it, I don't
think you're going to convince them that they need
it. So, overall, I'm going to give it a two out of
five on that. Quality density. Yeah, it's pretty
dense, but there's not a lot there. Actually,
let's just do quality and quantity. So, obviously,
Gemini is going to be a five on quantity, Grock a

[18:01]
four, Claw a four, and then Chad GPT is a two. By
the way, I do have a community called TK Owners
with about 400 other people building with AI.
It's like a support group, growth hacking tips,
etc. I do live ask me anything every week. Check
it out at tkowners.com. Quality Chad GPT is a
three. Gemini is a four, Opus four, Grock three.
How likely are these to work? Chat GPT I'm gonna
say two. Gemini 2.5. I think being a noode
automation expert, automation agency, owner,
consultant is is a great thing to do. I think
it's a four out of five most likely to work.
Claude's idea was AI automation consultant for
local service businesses, which is kind of the
same thing as what Gemini told me, so it's going
to get a four as well. And then Grock told me
to be a digital consultant for paid ads. I think
that is three likely to work. I actually think the

[19:05]
learning curve is much greater there. There's more
to learn. You can learn faster with AI and I think
you're a lot more crowded in that space. Okay,
final tally. In fourth place is this shocks me.
Chad GPD5 625 words do better. The quality three
out of five. Quantity two out of five. The idea
most likely to work two out of five. Simplicity
four out of five. It was simple for me to read and
understand. Maybe that's because JGBT knows me the
best and knows that that's how I like my answers.
Third place, third out of four with a score of 13
out of 15 is Gro four. 1821 words, three out of
five on quality. That's the quality of the idea.
The quality of how it explains the idea to me.
Quantity, four out of five. It's a lot of words.
1,800 most likely to work. Three out of five.
Digital marketing consultants. It's just hard.
Simplicity three out of five. It explained it in
a decently simple way. Total grade 13 out of 15.
And second place, I hate to admit this. Gemini 2.5

[20:06]
Pro. It took a long time. It asked me one extra
follow-up question, but the output it gave me was
insane. 4531 words. Four out of five on quality.
Five out of five on quantity. Most likely to work.
Four out of five. I like that idea a lot. Two out
of five on simplicity. It read like a white paper.
15 out of 20. I got those grades wrong. These
are out of 20. So, Chag 5 was 11 out of 20. Grock
4 13 out of 20. Gemini 2.5 out of 20. And then
Claude Opus 4.1. I'm not really surprised that it
won because I'm loving Claude more and more here
lately. 1,400 words, four out of five on quality,
four out of five on quantity. Most likely to work.
Four out of five. Four out of five on simplicity.
16 out of 20 total overall score. All right, let's
give Chad GBD5 one more chance to redeem itself.
This will not be a battle of the models. We're
going to ask ChadB5 one more similar question.

[21:02]
You are my tactical operator for fast legal
moneymaking. Goal: $10,000 net in seven days
starting with $200 in a laptop. Constraints, no
audience, no rich friends, no existing business,
no illegal or shady tactics. Follow platform terms
of service. Budget is hardcapped at 200. Deliver
three to five money paths. Give me a dayby-day
plan, unit economics, yada yada yada. All right,
let's see how Chad GPD5 responds to this prompt.
Okay, what I love about this response is it's
extremely fast. I also kind of hate it. I'm not
going to lie, because part of me is worried that
Chad GPT5 is just a ploy by OpenAI to save money.
They don't want to use it in a more expensive
model for them when it's not needed, right?
It's kind of like taking your Lamborghini to
the grocery store. You don't need it for that. You
take your minivan to the grocery store. All right,
let's see what ChadB5 gave me. Three to five money
paths to start today. Flip highv value stuff.
Rapid freelance. Local service like declutter or
cleanup gigs. Affiliate promotion. Pet sitting or

[22:05]
dog walking. Okay, so it's telling me to flip
stuff on Craigslist, Facebook Marketplace,
etc. Not super detailed. Kind of telling me what
I was afraid of. In closing, Claude is the bum.
Claude's the bum. I mean, look at this. Look at
this result it gave me. It linked to everything.
I did a ton of research. It's very specific, short
bullet points, easy to read, easy to understand,
easy on the eyes just to look at this stuff. It's
a very valid idea. It gets me selling on day one,
which I always promote. It's a shame Claude
wouldn't answer the question for me on options
trading, so we couldn't include Claude in that.
But I would say across all of these challenges,
Claude Opus 4.1 is the real winner. It's not Chat
GP5. I'm a little disappointed. Once again, I
think it was just using like 40 or 4.1 on the back
end to do that research for me. There was no deep
research happening. There was no agent. There was
no 03. It didn't take nearly long enough for it to

[23:00]
use 03. This might put Claude as my number one.
Worth 20 bucks a month for sure. I think Google
Gemini is too academic for my liking. Okay. I've
seen a lot of gurus on Twitter talking about using
Chad GBT and all these AI tools to trade stocks
for you, trade options for you. Well, you're in
luck because I don't know anything about trading
options. I own some stocks. I buy them every now
and then. My plan is buy something I believe in
and never sell it. I know nothing about options,
puts, calls, all that. I don't know. I'm an idiot.
So, here's exactly what I'm going to do. I'm going
to take the three best AI models out today. Gemini
Pro 2.5, Chat GPT5, which came out 2 hours ago,
and Gro 4, which came out about a month
ago. I would love to use Claude Opus 4.1,
but it does not look at real-time data. Its
knowledge set expired back in February 2025,
so we're only doing three today. And I'm going
to ask all three of them the same prompt, and I'm
going to put up to $2,000 in this to see which one
does the best. Now, here's exactly what my prompt

[24:00]
is. You are an expert options trader. The time
is 2:00. Look at my watch. 2:20 Central Standard
Time, right? And the US stock market closes
an hour. I have up to 500. I'm going to change
that to 700 to spend on one options trade that
expires tomorrow. Recommend the single best call
or put option that I can buy right now and hold
overnight. Use only liquid tickers like spy, QQQ,
Apple, or Tesla. The options ask price must be $5
or less so I don't spend more than $500. I'm going
to change that to $7 or less so I don't spend more
than $700 because contract is 100, right? So I
have to multiply that by 100. That's as much
as I know about options. Give me the ticker,
call or put, strike price, expiration date must be
tomorrow, current ask price per share, total cost,
why you chose it, momentum, volume, chart, news,
etc., and tell me exactly how to buy it on Robin
Hood web step by step like I'm a beginner because
I am a beginner and I'm going to do it on Robin
Hood web because I use Robin Hood and I can
share my screen more easily that way. So, this

[25:01]
is actually my real Robin Hood account and my real
money. This is not paper gain paper money. I might
lose two grand. Let's see. Okay, prompted there.
Let's go to Gemini. Same prompt there. 2.5 Pro.
And let's go to Grock. Same prompt there. Gemini
is thinking. Chat GBT is still thinking. Grock
is still thinking. Who's going to be the fastest?
All right, Gemini wins. Gemini says, "Disclaimer,
this is high-risisk." And also, that's my
same disclaimer to you. I don't know what I'm
doing. I'm not an investment adviser. This is not
investment advice. Most likely by the end of this
video, you're gonna see me lose a lot of money
because I I genuinely don't know how this is going
to end. Look at my watch. It's 223. Okay. All
right. QQQ. I know QQQ because I see commercials
for it when I watch football games. That's how
smart I am. All right. It tells me to buy a put
option at a $449 strike price at 355 per share.
Okay, I'm going to do that right now because we're
short on time and then I will read why it tells
me to do that. So, QQQ put 449. Okay. So, we're

[26:02]
going to go QQQ trade options. We're going to
go put scroll down here to 449. Okay. So, we ran
into a little hangup here, which Gemini, you're
already failing. Okay. The price was outdated. It
was using an outdated price because the current
share price is 5.56. It was telling me to shoot
for $4.49. That's not even viable. I basically
asked Gemini, "Hey, what are you doing? Are you
sure this is right?" And he's like, "Oh, you're
right. It's wrong." And so the current price is
566. It's telling me to buy at 564 strike price.
So new instructions say 580 per share, 564 strike
price. Okay. And after what, four prompts, it's
saying that I'm done with Google AI Pro or I'm
done with the usage because I haven't upgraded at
Google AI Pro. Come on, Google. It's fine. I don't
need you anymore anyway. Okay. Buy put 564 strike
price. All right. 580 per share, limit price, time

[27:00]
in force, good for day 580 bucks. All right, let's
review the order. Okay, 580 for the right to sell
100 shares of QQQ for 564 per share by August 8th.
If QQQ shares aren't 564 or lower on August 8th,
this option will expire worthless. This doesn't
include regulatory fees. All right, should we
submit? Let's do this. Boom. Done. I feel like an
idiot right now. And so many of you are probably
laughing, but we're doing this. We're doing this
for the content. Whatever. Don't tell my wife. All
right, let's go to what Grock spit out. Then we'll
do Chad GB last. Okay, Grock says, "Ticker AAPL,
Apple call or put, call, strike price 217.5,
expiration date tomorrow, current ask 345,
total cost 345." Oh, I didn't tell you why Gemini
thought that I should do this. So, it said there's
a valid bearish thesis. It thinks the market's
going to sell off tomorrow. yada yada yada. It

[28:00]
says the QQQ is weaker than the SPY today. When
the market fears rate hikes, high growth tech
stocks are often the first to be sold off. Strike
price selection currently trading at 450. See,
and that was wrong. Okay. Anyway, back to Grock,
leader in the market, yada yada yada. Okay,
let's go buy some Apple options. So, so video is
cool, but you know what's better? long form audio
via podcast and my newsletter. tkopod.com. Go
there to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's
one email a week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff like
this. You're going to love it. All free. No sleazy
salesbitch. tkopod.com. All right. We're going to
go to trade Apple options. We're going to go buy
expiring tomorrow. Tomorrow's my anniversary,
by the way. 17 years married to my beautiful wife.
Probably not the best day to tell her that I lost
$2,000 for the content. All right, we're going
to buy. We're calls 217.5 strike price. Okay,
there it is. Buy to open and the quantity to
one contract. Limit order type 345 as a limit

[29:04]
price. I don't know what I'm doing. This is so
funny. All right, I just told Grock because it's
been about 15 minutes since I first prompted it.
It's now 237 and the market closes in 23 minutes.
So, I just want Grock to know that the price
changed. Does the strategy want to change at
all? Okay. It's telling me to do the same thing.
All right. You are paying 345 for the right to
buy 100 shares of Apple for 217.5 per share
by August 8th. If Apple shares aren't 217.5
or higher on August 8th, this option will expire
worthless. This doesn't include regulatory fees.
Submit. Okay. Done. All right. Now, Chad GPT. It
is telling me to buy QQQ. Call 567 strike price
$185 a share 185 per contract. All right, let's
do it. I'm an expert by now. This is my third
in 20 minutes. I'm an expert. Buy call 567. Trade
options. Buy call 567 expiring tomorrow. Okay, we

[30:07]
are buying one contract for QQQ. call option 567,
which is right on the money. Look at me talking
like an expert. We're going to review the order.
You're paying $185 for the right to buy 100 shares
for 567 a share. If QQ shares aren't 567 or higher
on August 8th, this option will expire. Worthless
to include regulatory fees. So, I'm I think
I'm doing this wrong because I'm also betting
on Q to go down with my other trade. Gemini
told me I don't have any faith in Gemini. So,
you could say I'm hedging my bet, but I'm think
I'm doing it the wrong way. So, I'm just being an
idiot. Let's do it. All right. We have one small
problem here. Chad GPT's data was outdated. And
so, the bid in the ask right now is between 278
and 277. And so, I need to fix my order or it
will never get filled. So, I'm just going to put
it right there. Right there. 567 strike price,

[31:01]
277 limit price, order received. Done. Let's
do 280. Oh, it got filled. All right. Okay. Two
of three have been filled. The other one did not
fill. Probably because it was not anywhere close
to the bid in the ask. So, let's go back and fix
that real quick before the market closes in 12
minutes. My heart's a pounding. So, I'm actually
going to use Chad GBT to finish Gemini's job here.
I'm gonna ask QQQ is at 568 right now and the
market closes in 11 minutes. I want to buy put
options that expire tomorrow at 565. The bid and
ask is 96. What trade should I make for that one?
Funny story, like over a decade ago, I had this
hustle where I was buying cars on Craigslist and

[32:05]
if I typed in QQQ, it was like an uh keyboard
shortcut on my iPhone or MacBook that would ask
that question, "Is your car still available?" It
was just like a really quick way of me asking the
same question over and over and over. So, to this
day, when I type in QQQ, it says, "Is your car on
CL still available?" That's why my prompt led with
that. Okay. Hit the ask at 96. So, the trade fills
in instantly. Could grab seven contracts. You know
what? Let's buy five contracts. All right. And I'm
still recording my screen. So, let's buy a put
565. Five contracts. $500. Review. If QQQ shares
aren't lower than 565 on August 8th, these options
will expire worthless. So, I'm betting both sides
of QQQ. Let's see how this goes. I So, I'm for
sure going to lose tomorrow. one way or another.
Will it fill my order? Order filled. Okay. Okay.
So, I'll put the screen recording up on YouTube,

[33:03]
but you can see right here I have three
options open. QQQ put at 565, QQQ call at 567,
and Apple call at 217.5. Let's see how this goes
in 24 hours. All right. One day has passed. It is
August 8th, 9:55 in the morning. The market just
opened about an hour ago. And I want to ask Grock,
Gemini, Chad GPT what I should do with these
options. I have three. I'm going to prove
to you. Here they are. Two of them are looking
good. One of them is looking bad. And of course,
at least one of them is going to look bad because
I took both sides of my QQQ trade. Remember,
Gemini told me that it would go down today. Chat
GBT told me it would go up. So, I took both sides
of that. And then Grock told me to buy Apple
options that I should be bullish on Apple. So,
let's see how it's going. Okay, let's look
at my Apple call options. Boom. I'm up
$230. If you look at my QQQ put options, I am
down $435. And if you look at my QQQ call option,

[34:06]
I am up $329. So, I'm going to ask all three
models now if I should close these out or if
I should wait until they expire at the end of the
day. So, let's go ahead and make this simple. And
I'm gonna start with Grock, which recommended
Apple. And I'm gonna say, "All right, Grock,
I did what you suggested yesterday. Here's my
position right this second, 1 hour after that
market opens. Should I close it out or hold until
it expires this afternoon? All right, let's do the
same thing with Gemini in chat GPT. Okay, Gemini
won't even let me drag this screenshot over. One
more data point of why I hate Gemini. Oh, and
I can't even use Gemini 2.5 Pro until 2 PM this

[35:06]
afternoon because I gave it like four prompts.
So, I expired my free trial or my free usage. So,
what I have to do here is get a free trial for
another Google AI Pro account and I literally
just have to do Oh, I'm not eligible for a free
trial, but I can still subscribe without it. Okay,
I don't want to anymore. You're stupid. So,
we're going to cheat and we're going to ask
ChatGpt. Here's what I'm going to do. We're going
to go back to ChatGpt and this is ChatGpt 5. Now,
we're going to start a new chat and we're going to
say I'm going to add a screenshot of what Gemini
told me to do and then add a screenshot of my
current trade to buy this trade yesterday. Now,
I am underwater an hour after market. opened
today. Should I close my QQQ position now where

[36:08]
it's at or wait until it expires at the end of
today? All right, so chat 5 is coming in to pick
up where Gemini sadly left off. And then we're
going to go to our QQQ calls and we're going
to go back to chat GPT in the other window and
we're going to ask, okay, we're going to say boom,
great call yesterday. The market opened an hour
ago and this is my current position. Do I close it
out or wait until it expires at the end of today?
While we wait for Chad GBT, let's see what Grock
said. Based on your current position details,
I recommend closing it out now to lock in your

[37:03]
profits. yada yada yada. Here's why. I don't care.
I'm just going to do it before it's too late. All
right, Apple. Okay, I'm glad it told me how to do
it because I literally don't know. Okay, click on
account options. Apple options. Click a position.
Trade or sell to bring up the order ticket. Okay,
I'm going to review order and I'm going to sell
it for 5.89. Boom. Done. I'm wealthy. I am rich.
Okay, so I made $425 525. $270 profit on Apple
Options. Thank you, Grock, for I like you now.
Okay. You just paid for my Twitter premium
subscription for a year. Now, let's go back
to Chad GBT. So, Chad GBT as well says, "Sell it
now. Lock the win." Okay. Boom. Boom. Boom. Let's
do it. Looking good. Looking good. Review order.
Submit. Pending. Pending. Still pending. Done.

[38:02]
Filled. Awesome. Cool. I'm a rich man. Now,
let's go back to the other chat GPT window.
Gemini told me to buy this. Now I'm underwater.
Here's my blunt take. Close it. Now this is la
yada yada yada yada. Okay. I guess all three want
me to close, which is probably common advice, I'm
guessing. Here's what Chad GPT says. Okay. Okay.
All right. Filled. Let us add up our damage. QQQ
put QQQ call. All right. All five contracts
have sold. Let's look at my damage here. I lost
$440 on my QQQ put. Okay, on my QQQ call,
I made $633. It cost $277. Total profit of
$356. We're going to add that in there. Still
underwater. Thankfully, Apple will save me. I

[39:04]
bought the Apple call for 325. I sold it for $596.
I made $271 of profit. As you can see right here,
all in all, I made $187 of profit. I invested 325
in Apple, 277 in QQQ, and 475 in QQQ. So 277455
equals some. So, I invested $1,057 and now I have
$1,244, which is a return of exactly $17.69%. So,
I made three trades, all of them validated by AI.
And this must just be confirmation bias because
I've never liked Gemini. I don't like Gemini. I'm
not going to like Gemini. You're just not cool,
Gemini. Okay. If it weren't for you, if I only
would have listened to Grock and Chat GBT,
I would have made $627 of profit. I would have
made a 60% dayover-day return, but instead I

[40:08]
made a 17.69% dayover-day return. Still not bad.
I'm not mad about it. So, sample size of one day,
results not guaranteed. Do your own research. I'm
the worst investor in the world. Don't listen to
me. This isn't investment advice, but it gave
me some pretty good investment advice. So,
who won the most? It was Chad GPT. Chad GPT5
made me $400 profit on my $277 investment
over the course of about two business hours.
Not bad. Not bad. Let me know if I should do
other model competitions like this or other
like money-making challenges like this,
and I will cuz I got a lot more ideas like
this. Thanks for hanging out in the Kerner