[00:00]
You market it to the general public for
$3,000. Still big margins. You sell one
a week, that replaces somebody's income
like that. The grant will pay as high as
$15,000. He does 6 to8 jobs a day. It's
a oneman show. That dude's doing 300 a
year. I'm like, why not just do this
online? It's going to be more profitable
based on what I researched. I spent $0
in marketing. We scaled it to about 2.4
million our first year on just grants.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; One of my clients has a IT school. He's
giving about 2.5 2.8 8 on the school
side and another 1.5 on the placement
side.
&gt;&gt; Million a year.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. About 5 million combined.
There's so many grants out there that
people don't realize. There's business
grants and people talk about it. They
make it complicated, but man, it's as
simple as just
I've got a friend named Hector. He lives
3 minutes down the road from me. He's my
Chipotle buddy and he's in a really
interesting line of work. He helps
people start trade schools and he's
started a trade school before. And the
magic and genius about trade schools is
that the state covers all of it. No one
pays for it except the government. And

[01:00]
pays for it except the government. And
so this is a great episode if you're
thinking of starting a business because
he talks about how to start your own
trade school. And it's also a great
episode if you already own a business
that is in high demand for good
employees. Because if you do own a
business in a handful of different
niches, you can get paid $5 to $15,000
to train your own employees. And then
you can get paid $5 to $15,000 to train
other people that will be employed for
your competitors. You're going to love
this. It's very interesting. You've
probably never heard about this niche.
It's kind of a gold mine. Please share
with a friend.
&gt;&gt; I got a a phone call that changed my
life and it was an ex-colague of mine
saying, "Hey, I need truck driver
insurance and school insurance." And I
was like, "Well, dude, I can't help you
with neither of those." And I was like,
"What? You know, back up a little bit.
What do you mean school insurance and
truck driving insurance? And lo and
behold, he owned a truck driving school,
like a CDL school, which we see
everywhere. And that's when I was like,
"Huh, interesting." But when I saw him
in a parking lot of a church with 18
other people there, two trucks. I was

[02:02]
other people there, two trucks. I was
just mesmerized by the whole concept of
trade schools. I didn't know it was a
business. Right before I left, he kind
of whispered to me. He goes, "Can you
believe the state of Texas is paying me
money for each of these guys here?" And
I was like, "What do you mean?" He says,
"Dude, there's this grant called WA and
if you're a laid-off worker, you know,
impacted by the justice system on food
stamps, there's all this money that
people could go get and it'll teach them
a new skill set." And I was just like,
talk about not sleeping.
&gt;&gt; I didn't know that part of your story.
And I love hearing stories about like
that first conversation that just got us
thinking about something differently.
And then you you had that conversation
on the phone and he was just calling to
ask you about insurance. You dug a
little deeper which shows how being
curious can be profitable. Then you went
on site and you're like you're picturing
some school. You're probably picturing
something more formalized, right? But
you just show up to a parking lot with
an 18-wheeler and dudes paying thousands

[03:01]
an 18-wheeler and dudes paying thousands
of dollars and then you find out that
these dudes aren't paying a dime. The
state is covering all of it, right?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; You said a lot prettier than me, but
yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. It's just interesting how things
come together like that.
&gt;&gt; Probably the best silver lining of my
life, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just one of those moments.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what did you do after that?
After you learned that there's this
grant that the government covers.
&gt;&gt; I couldn't sleep. Didn't know what to
do. Spoke to a buddy of mine. I helped
him scale his school because I was
genuinely interested because I really
wanted to do this for myself. We tried
to work out a deal. We had different
visions. I wanted to do it online only
because I'm like, why not just do this
online? It's going to be more
profitable. I didn't need parking lots
or spaces or anything like that. And
then I took an exit from that school as
well. But man, what of experience it
was, you know, doing those and operating
those. And then that led to Twitter. Our
buddy Spencer goes, "You got to get on
Twitter. That's where it's at." I'm
like, "Dude, there's no way." Like, "I
don't have any social media. I'm needing

[04:00]
don't have any social media. I'm needing
social media." But it just I got on
Twitter, booked my first call. It was a
school, a flight attendance school in
Minnesota that needed help. And I'm
like, I can't believe that's a thing.
And we scaled it to about 2.4 million
our first year on just grants all across
Texas. Being an online school, it was we
get to market all of Texas. You don't
have to stay in your backyard like a
brick-andmortar like inerson school. And
man, it just caught wildfire. I did
everything that no one's ever done. I
went I spent zero dollars in marketing.
I just went knocking on church doors and
getting involved with church groups and,
you know, helping nonprofits, their
audiences, and it just caught wildfire,
man.
&gt;&gt; What made you want to go to churches for
this?
&gt;&gt; At my church, you know, obviously we
tithe and stuff like that, and you could
choose where your money kind of goes to,
and we had already chose a certain
percentage go to a women's shelter. And
I knew, you know, through church about
these shelters and what they go through.
So I'm like, you know what? A lot of
these nonprofits need something to do
while they're recovering or or or life

[05:01]
while they're recovering or or or life
transitioning. They already qualify for
this grant. They just don't know about
it. So I pitched it to them. They all
loved it. And I quickly noticed some
something wasn't right because their
their login history wasn't high at all.
And what I noticed is that they didn't
have laptops. So that's when I threw in
the laptop. Hey, free training, a free
laptop. And they just blew up after that
even more. Like right when it right when
I thought like this is it. Then I'm
like, oh my gosh, if I just fix this
painoint, it's going to blow up even
more. And then it just it did. I started
getting a lot of community partners and
I partnered up with them. And again, the
goal was just to bring awareness to this
grant. Whether they wanted to use our
school or not, that wasn't the mission.
The mission was like, hey, there's this
grant. Go learn a trade. We're so behind
on trades. And I think we talked about
this yesterday. For every five tradesmen
that retire, only one's getting
replaced, no matter what it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, here's how this works. I make
you free videos. I actually know what
I'm talking about. And if you implement

[06:00]
I'm talking about. And if you implement
what I talk about, you'll make a lot
more money and have a better life. And
all I ask for in return is that you hit
the subscribe button and maybe even the
notification bell just like that. Thank
you. Let's talk about the unit
economics. How much is the grant? Let's
and let's talk about your last business.
How much is the grant and what were the
trades? So it was HVAC, electrical,
plumbing, and then tell me about like
the the Oculus that you would send them.
And then what were you paying for the
course? Million questions in one, but
you'll sort them out.
&gt;&gt; Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So every state
has different regions, right? And every
region treats this grant independently
for whatever reason. Same grant and that
means same different cost. So like say
central Texas will max out at 7,500 per
student. That's what the school makes.
Our investment is these goggles right
here, which you could find for like $200
to $300, or a laptop. And like I said,
when we first started the school, it was
mainly medical billing and coding,
pharmacy technician, IT help desk. It's

[07:01]
pharmacy technician, IT help desk. It's
just stuff that you could generally do
remotely. When we first started the
school, we were writing the curriculum.
Then you could find, we found out that
you could white label it. And what that
means is you produce a bunch of courses.
I buy them from you. Let's just say for
$800 to $1,000. I slap my school name on
it and the rest is margin. So the grant
will pay as low as about $5,000 in some
areas and as high as $15,000 in some
&gt;&gt; depending on both the region and the
state, right?
&gt;&gt; The region and the state and the field.
&gt;&gt; So okay, they're not going to pay
&gt;&gt; a ton of money for something that's not
as much as high-end demand but still
needed. But like like you said, anything
in the trades, welding, a certain kind
of technician, whether it's solar, and
it's also regional. So for example, if
you go down to Houston Galveston, it's
going to be very marine based, like
underwater welding, boat technicians,
boat repair, like very like that. If you

[08:00]
boat repair, like very like that. If you
go to West Texas, it's going to be oil
and gas, like driving the trucks to uh
deliver gas and oil, wind turbine
technician, CDL. So just it it just
changes up uh and they make it extremely
complicated and then I was able to
simplify.
&gt;&gt; That's where you found success or that's
where you found your edge or your alpha
because you saw all this friction, all
this bureaucracy and red tape and you
said, "All right, I'm going to sit down.
I'm not going anywhere until I figure
this out because I think that the prize
at the end of the rainbow if I figure
this out is very large."
&gt;&gt; Oh, for sure. Because if you look and
you're driving around and you're you're
seeing this, you'll hear schools
promoting on the radio, you'll see them
in commercials, you see them on social
media. That's expensive. That's
extremely expensive. I was doing a
gorilla marketing. I'm going to a church
speaking at a church. Hey, anyone want
to go to school for free? Want to learn
the trade? And they were like, what do
you mean? Like it took me a while to get
them to understand because everyone was
like, what's the catch? Like there has
to be a catch. And I'm like, no, just
like food stamps has existed this whole

[09:01]
like food stamps has existed this whole
time, this grant exists because the the
wild card here, the purpose of this
grant is to get you off government
benefits, get you into a livable wage,
learn the new skill set, get in the
trade, and start making decent money
because they want your feature taxes
forever. So, it's a pretty good
investment on on the government
&gt;&gt; and they don't want to be paying for
your food stamps forever either. It's a
double win. So, it's like it's not the
government being a philanthropist. It's
like we're going to we're going to put
up 7,500 bucks, then we're going to save
all this money from food stamps, all
this money from section A housing, then
you're going to pay us taxes on top of
that. It's an investment for the
government, but it the government is so
complicated that it's hard for
entrepreneurs like you and I to navigate
our way through it,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah, you nailed it. And and
and think about it.
&gt;&gt; When you say win-win, it is a win-win
because our audience that this grant
targets is anyone in warehouse work,
retail work, fast food work. So, we're
just trying to get people out of not
flipping burgers anymore and into a
trade.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And make three, four, six times as
much
&gt;&gt; at least. The average graduates making
25 to 30 bucks an hour. It's insane.

[10:02]
25 to 30 bucks an hour. It's insane.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, one thing that I think is
interesting about all this is like you
don't have to be in the course business.
You don't have to go put together this
course about HVAC, which you probably
know nothing about, right? I mean, no,
&gt;&gt; you did fix your HVAC other than that.
&gt;&gt; I did. I did. I took the course for the
first time after five years and took
that one section and I was able to fix
my own hack for 20 bucks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, who would have known it works?
&gt;&gt; That's the whole beauty of this is like
you you figure out how to work this
system in a compliant way and then you
figure out how to just white label
courses, which is just a fancy way for
saying find a school, buy the courses
from the school, put your logo on it,
that's it. Then you put the parties
together and then I guess the third
critical element of that is finding
referral partners. churches, workforce
development centers, chambers of
commerce, anyone that in like regularly
interacts with people that might want a
a free education, right, and to better
their lives.
&gt;&gt; Once again, you say it a lot more
prettier than me. Yes.

[11:01]
prettier than me. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, why don't we talk about the
trades that are in the highest demand
from like most to least demand that most
states andor regions will pay for?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's anything with the word
technician in it. So whether that's
solar technician, forklift repair
technician,
pool technician,
&gt;&gt; tree technician, the whole point of the
grant is what's paying the most out
there that people aren't really talking
about. We know that HVAC, electrical,
and plumbing are popular and it's always
needed, but man, it's the underlining
ones that don't aren't commercialized
that are are needed. pest control
technician. I mean, just about anything
that has the word technician that
secretly they earn really good hourly
wages and just nobody wants to do it.
Like, it's dirty jobs that no one wants
to do, but they pay well and for a
reason.
&gt;&gt; Well, you were just telling me about a a
dog groomer, which I would never think
would be relevant to this, but they're

[12:00]
would be relevant to this, but they're
like vet technicians, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so, that counts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I helped a a guy up the street
from us in Princeton, Texas, and he
opened up a dog grooming school. I
didn't I didn't believe him. I was like,
"Dude, I can't help you." Little did I
know that when I looked up like the
requirements, the grant pays for a
vette, which is just an assistant to a
veterinarian uh person. But it also
qualifies for these dog groomers because
there's certain things that I won't
really get into. It's kind of gross that
they have to do during the grooming
session. And this guy's booked out like
six to eight weeks in advance. charges
250 per trim because it's he specializes
in doodles like golden doodles laba
doodles and I can't believe it man he's
gonna we you know he's weeks away from
going live with his school he's going to
train and do his own curriculum because
it's again it's white labels he's going
to train his own curriculum pick from
the cream of the crop
&gt;&gt; keep those and the rest get certified
and go find work elsewhere which is
they're anyone with with certifications

[13:00]
they're anyone with with certifications
it's not hard to find a job
&gt;&gt; yeah So, you're saying that there's an
opportunity here for aspiring business
owners to start their own school and
which we'll get to in a minute. But then
there's also an opportunity for current
business owners that maybe has a hard
time finding qualified employees, maybe
hires people with a job title that have
the word technician in it, like this
these vet technicians. And so, you help
them set up their own school to where a
they can find the best people in the
business. they can and they're getting
paid to train their own employees,
right? They're getting paid by the
government to find the best employees
that they can and then for all the
leftover like they call it sell your
sawdust, right?
&gt;&gt; Let's say they have they have more
applicants than they need to hire, they
can still get paid by the government to
train them and then they can just farm
them out to all their competitors or
they can go get jobs elsewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um here's a case study for you. I
had through mutual connections I'm
helping an adult a boutique adult

[14:00]
helping an adult a boutique adult
daycare business.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Extremely lucrative business.
&gt;&gt; And the number one pain point he has is
that he never has enough CNAs. And what
CNA means a certified nurse assistant.
&gt;&gt; Assistant. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Grueling grueling job. I mean big
turnover rate because you're just
bathing old people, taking care of them,
unfortunately changing diapers. And they
don't get paid the best. Usually the
ranges is from like $16 to $18. But he
does have a career progression. Like if
you stick with him for a couple months,
he gives you a raise. Another couple of
months, another raise. Come to find out,
you know, 25 out of his 30 CNAs weren't
even certified. Almost like a home
health aid. You just take a little boot
camp course.
&gt;&gt; Is that legal?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because it's kind of like home
health aid. Like you're just like a
glorified babysitter, I guess, if you
will. But yeah, I mean he's going to get
7500s for every single staff member he
certifies that he needs to certify
anyway. So once he stands up his school,
he'll probably make 300,000 in

[15:00]
he'll probably make 300,000 in
additional revenue fixing his own pain
point. But you brought up a good
question. How many people do you think
are really certified out there doing the
work all the time? I mean, we talked
about the forklift repair guy, man. He's
not certified. He just done it for 30
years. The guy that fixed my dishwasher
here in the town of WY, he came to fix
it. It took him 15 minutes. He bills me
450 bucks, which is insane. But he's the
only one that picked up the phone out of
five people I f I mean, literally the
only one picked up the phone and he he
could be here the next day and I paid
whatever it was. Spent 15 minutes here.
I literally hung up a call I was on and
I had to go ask him like, "Hey, where'd
you go to school? This is what I do."
Blah blah blah. And he's like, "I didn't
go to school. I started fixing my own
stuff eight years ago. My wife put a
post on it and it just took off from
there and I've been doing it since. I'm
a oneman show. Gosh, he does six to
eight jobs a day. It's a oneman show.
That dude's doing 300 a year.
&gt;&gt; All right, guys. You know, I'm always
looking for ways to help you make more
money with less effort. Well, High Level
is too. And I think that's why I like it

[16:00]
is too. And I think that's why I like it
so much. While everyone else out there
is switching between 10 different apps,
HighLevel puts everything in one clean
dashboard. You can send emails, track
leads, build funnels, schedule
appointments, everything. And no more
logging into a bunch of different
platforms. Your clients think you're
some tech wizard when really all you did
is stop making things so complicated.
Sometimes the best ideas are the simple
ones. So check out
gohighlevel.com/krisker
link below if you want to see what I
mean. If you use that link, they'll give
you a 30-day free trial. There's just so
much demand for it.
&gt;&gt; So much demand. I mean, I had to call
five people.
&gt;&gt; Some dude watching YouTube videos is
making insane money
&gt;&gt; all the time. I mean, that's that's what
you post about all the time. It's just
people over complicate it. They never
start
&gt;&gt; and they overanalyze it. Just don't
start stuff, man. I mean, we're here to
tell people start stuff.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, we'll get to like the
starting a new school from scratch in a
minute, but I'm I'm thinking about
Amazon right now. Like, one of the most
brilliant things that Amazon did to grow
was they took all of their cost centers
and turned them into profit centers. So,

[17:01]
and turned them into profit centers. So,
you know, two decades ago, they're like,
geez, we're spending all this money on
servers. like why don't we buy our own
servers and then we'll buy extra and if
anyone needs our servers we'll call it
AWS Amazon Web Services and we'll we'll
charge money for people to use our
servers and now AWS is a multi-billion
dollar business in and of itself and
then they were like geez we're giving
UPS and FedEx all this money every year
we're growing so fast why don't we just
buy our own trucks and that was their
biggest cost center now you know other
companies pay Amazon to deliver their
stuff now it's a profit center so this
the CNA example
He was spending tens if not hundreds of
thousands of dollars a year recruiting
CNAs, like subpar, not even certified
CNAs from other like headhunting
agencies. And you went to him and said,
"Hey, how about you take that to zero
and in addition, you will get paid for
training your own employees. In
addition, if you don't need all the
employees that you're training, you can
just farm them out." So, could he get

[18:00]
just farm them out." So, could he get
paid to train someone and then get paid
to place them at a competitor as well?
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; If he really wanted to lean into that?
&gt;&gt; Well, he did it because he's, you know,
he's going to exit in five or 10 years
and he's buying these residential
looking beautiful homes, turning them
into adult daycare living or elder care,
and he's buying them up. So, he's always
going to need CNAs as he scales. He
needs more and more CNAs. And sure, if
they don't work out, he could send them
other well other places because again,
what people are understanding is they
just want that piece of paper. That
piece of paper is a foot in the door and
a career progression, right? So yeah,
he's going to turn it into a cool little
not only value ad to his business when
he goes to sell. How cool is to how many
businesses out there go sell and say,
"Hey, I also have the school with it, so
you'll never have to worry about
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then, you know, if the the
negative way of looking at that from the
potential acquirer's perspective is, oh,
I don't want to be in the school
business. I just want to be in the CNA

[19:00]
business. I just want to be in the CNA
business. Well, it's like, well, you're
not. Like, you're in the training
employees business. This quote unquote
school just means you're actually
getting paid to do it, which none of my
competitors are, right? If if you want
to lean into the quote school part of
the business, then you're feel free to
grow that as much as you want, but I
would rather get paid to to train my
employees than otherwise, right? not
only get paid, I mean the part two to
this grant that I really just started
promoting now is we're so behind the
eightball on trades that now there's
additional grants for the employer to
get free paid labor. And we talked about
this. If you hire a graduate that took
this grant, most regions, area, cities,
workforce offices will pay you up to
100% of training wages, up to 20 bucks
an hour for $300 an hour. worst case 50%
of their wages. The reasoning behind
this is they want to help small
businesses, but also they want these
graduates to have work experience. And
that way they call it test driving each
other. The employer test drives, hey, is

[20:01]
other. The employer test drives, hey, is
this person going to be a good worker?
Are they going to show up because the
bar is so low? And if they do, we'll
keep them. If they don't work out, dude,
you just got free labor and they get to
put experience on the resume so they go
move on to their, you know, career path.
Crazy. So HVAC companies could they
could have free labor basically that no
people learning. Now if you were to
guess because you've been I know you've
been cold calling. What percentage of
HVAC companies even know that this is an
option?
&gt;&gt; Zero. What percentage of businesses
know? Zero.
&gt;&gt; In our backyard I was telling you that
workforce office has about a million
dollars they get every year specifically
to help employers and fix this gap. And
they struggle to spend the money. Like
it's there's so many grants out there
that people don't realize. There's
business grants and people talk about
it. They make it complicated, but man,
it's as simple as just go register to be
a training provider at the workforce.
Get free labor. If you're trying to
scale, there's no better way to scale
for free, and it's a win-win. They get
experience out of it. You maybe find a

[21:01]
experience out of it. You maybe find a
good employee out of it. Is there a way
for people to monetize playing a
middleman on this on the o on the job
training side of things where like you
could help the city of, you know, Plano,
Texas place people at John's HVAC
company and and make a margin there or
is that not really a thing?
&gt;&gt; No, probably. I mean, that's that's kind
of what I where I fit in, right? But um
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; sure. I mean, here's the difference,
right? When I told you I cold called
HVAC companies because they have a
dedicated person that does this for them
and they struggle, keep in mind how much
training goes into it. I mean, look what
it sounds like. Hey, Chris, would you
like some free labor? You just have to
register at the workforce. You get 300
hours and you're like, you're too busy.
You're like, I don't get it. Sounds like
a scam.
&gt;&gt; That kind of sounds like a scam. Yeah,
that's your biggest competition is it
sounds like a scam.
&gt;&gt; So, I have decent sales experience. I
co- called I co- called 10 HVAC
companies and I said hey you know I'm
doing this project not necessarily in in
this order but I'm like hey what size is

[22:00]
this order but I'm like hey what size is
your business who runs it how do you
find technicians are you looking for
technicians and then whether they say
yes or no it's like hey would you mind
getting a technician at at no cost to
you and it comes with workman's comp and
again I'm messing this up in the order
it is but what was astonishing is out of
the 10 company I called I left messages
for Seven of them still haven't heard
back. It's been a month. The three that
did pick up the phone, they were mom and
pop, maybe owner, son, owner, one
technician, and they're like, "No, we're
good." I'm like, "But this is your busy
season, isn't it? Like, don't you want
extra labor, like extra people to go in
the attic, so you don't have to?" No, I
I I think we're fine. Like, it's just
it's small and we're we're doing okay,
you know? I'm like, "Yeah, man, but
doing okay isn't, you know, this is free
labor." And that's when like I started
asking questions because I was almost
getting annoyed. I'm like, what am I
missing here? Like, what are you saying
no to? It's 300 hours of free labor up
to 22 bucks an hour with works comp.
Even if you just used them for your busy
season and you call it a day, knock out

[23:01]
season and you call it a day, knock out
five houses in one day versus one. I
didn't get it. I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk about some school owners that
you know that you've helped and how much
money they're making and how they're
making money. Like, what are they white
labeling? What's the industry? What are
they selling it for? How are they
finding customers? Let's go there.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. So, one of the first schools I
helped was a nursing school. They were
out of Georgia. And to describe this
case study, they were charge they were
just grossly undercharging and not even
using the grant.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
&gt;&gt; So, they were charging like $2,000 for
like a like a medical assisting nursing
like just basic flabbotomy like basic
four-week boot camp style schools. And
they were doing decent. They're doing
like 10 12 people a month at $2,000. But
what's unique is that most trade school
owners are trades people themselves.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're not business owners.
&gt;&gt; Kind of like small business people,
right? Like they create a business, they
create this school, and then they get

[24:01]
create this school, and then they get
stuck working in the business. They
never get to work on it. They're the
instructor, they're the marketing
person, they answer the phone during
class. Like they just don't know how to
scale and they get stuck in it, but they
but they lo they love it. It's their
passion. That's usually the common
thing. So when we met, I was like, "Hey,
Atlanta, I mean Atlanta, well, yeah,
it's Atlanta. Atlanta pays 10,000 per
student. Why are you only charging two?"
And she goes, "I tried using the grant.
It was complicated. It's a nightmare. I
just
&gt;&gt; I I charge the general public 2,000. I
stay busy. I want to stay I want to stay
busy."
&gt;&gt; I'm like, "Okay." But if you add an
extra course and you just change your
pricing because your value ad is you're
an ex nurse and you're getting them job
placement. The value is in your network
of job placement. They could go to other
schools but they're not guaranteed a
job. You're almost telling me you could
guarantee the job and you're going to
give them two or three courses packaged
or bundled. We did that. She changed her
pricing to $9,999.
And she went from doing 2025,000 a month

[25:01]
And she went from doing 2025,000 a month
to about 150 a month.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. And that's when I gave it
away because I was like too eager and
naive to and I'm like this is what you
got to do. And man, when she started
sending me screenshots of the skeleion,
I'm like, dang it. I think I'm on to
something here. I'm like, no more free.
&gt;&gt; So, she's just like making her life so
hard because she just like, I don't want
to figure that out. So, people are
coming out of pocket to pay $2,000,
which is a lot of money for the type of
people that is her customer, right?
That's a lot of money for them.
Meanwhile, this whole time she could
charge five times as much and the only
one paying for it is the US government.
Like,
&gt;&gt; correct.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; And you know, it it's kind of like, you
know, we talked about she comes from a
rough background. She's trying to impact
her community and she's putting them on
this long payment plan hoping they pay
her back when they get a job, which like
50% did. Like it's a tough thing to
gamble. And I get it. It's it's like
we're going to open a lot of eyes today
with with this podcast because
everywhere you look now, you're going to

[26:00]
everywhere you look now, you're going to
see Chris CDO truck driving school, teen
driving schools, and those things don't
go out of business. Like they're they
need more of them. My goal is we need
trade schools everywhere just like you
see those kumans and kids coding
schools. Like why are they why are there
5,000 of those but not 5,000 of adult
schools? I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; Didn't you say there's like in the city
of Phoenix there's like one masonry
school total? There's one masonry school
in the whole state of Arizona.
&gt;&gt; There's one applying to pair school in
the state of Texas.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; in person.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Everything else is online or virtual.
&gt;&gt; No, it doesn't exist. The other school
that's in person is in Ohio. Like
there's so many opportunities. There's
no such thing as See, everyone goes,
"Well, I don't need that with anything
else, right? I don't need to be
certified. I just need to do the work."
Well, all those HVAC people out there
illegally operating, I think you're one
of them because you fix your own AC. If
you touch Freon, you broke the law, my
friend, because you need an EPA 608

[27:00]
friend, because you need an EPA 608
universal to touch and handle
refrigerant as an example. But a lot of,
you know, OSHA's cracking down. They're
going on work sites for various reasons,
but these people are cracking down and
you you really do need to be certified.
I mean, if you want to charge a value
ad, some of these companies and
contracts want to see your credentials.
And that's what we're hoping to solve.
And no matter what the field it is, like
I said, flight attendant school, pest
control school, pull technician school,
dog grooming school. I helped a guy
start a telematics company. I mean, a
telematic school. I didn't even know
what telematics was. I'm like spasmatics
like the the band and songs but no
telematics which is basically they're
dealing with low voltage and they're
putting technology and GPS's and fleets
of vehicles
&gt;&gt; that technician
&gt;&gt; so behind six months behind on work
because you can't find technicians.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Quick question. What if
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters

[28:01]
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
Owners and it's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner. Also, there's
going to be exclusive new trends, growth
hacks, business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anything with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
Garage door repair companies so behind
on technicians and we know that's a big
hot topic right now. window text. I
mean, anything in the trade is a
technician any way you want to, you
know, call it or dice it up.
&gt;&gt; Do these blue collar businesses like
garage door repair, do they pay like
placement fees to find good technicians?
&gt;&gt; Some do. The big ones do. The big ones
do because everyone's moving into this
boring space now and everyone they're
going to have to compete. They're
looking for sign on bonuses and all
kinds of stuff. There's bluecollar
staffing companies out there that are
killing it that I didn't know was a
thing. You think staffing company, you
think of white collar. you know,

[29:00]
think of white collar. you know,
corporate jobs and stuff like, and
there's some blueco collar staffing
companies coming out of nowhere that
have always existed that secretly being
been printing money this whole time.
&gt;&gt; Are there any people that you've helped
that are making money by, you know,
starting a school, selling courses, and
in addition paying to place people like
a staffing company, doing both?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I know of one of my clients has a
IT school and a staffing that's owned by
his wife company. So he graduates them
and staffs them to some pretty lucrative
companies by the names of Microsoft,
T-Mobile, Verizon. So you would call
that double dipping. I would call that
genius.
&gt;&gt; What do his unit economics look like?
Both to sell the course and to place.
&gt;&gt; He created his own course. So he's like
a unicorn. He created his own IT courses
that he also white labels to others. So
he created his own IT courses. So, I'm
sure there's a cost to create it at some
point, but now it's like pennies to to
resell it and it's all margin. And then
on the staffing side, he's collecting

[30:01]
on the staffing side, he's collecting
7500 to 15,000 per placement.
&gt;&gt; And then what's he charging for the
program?
&gt;&gt; Anywhere between 5 and 10,000. The state
of Arizona has their own region. So,
&gt;&gt; holy cow.
&gt;&gt; He's probably doing about 2.5 2.8 on the
school side and another 1.5 on the
placement side.
&gt;&gt; Million a year.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. About five million combined. And
it's a fiveman show. Four of them being
offshore. So unicorn.
&gt;&gt; It's just like
&gt;&gt; unicorn. Unicorn.
&gt;&gt; Pure profit almost.
&gt;&gt; Oh, gross profit.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Disgusting profit.
&gt;&gt; I know. I know.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, if someone's listening to
this and they're like, "All right, I
want to start a school. I want to start
a trade school." What advice would you
give them? I would say first what I've
noticed is the best school operators are
already good operators. It's like they
have a business. So I would think for
those that have a business and are
leasing and listening to this, if you
have the pain point of finding staffing

[31:01]
have the pain point of finding staffing
and you want to make additional really
good revenue, you know, we should have a
conversation and if it makes sense,
there's some states that are really easy
to throw up a school and bolt it onto
your existing business. like our
backyard. Texas is an easy school uh
easy state. Arizona is an easy state.
Montana, Arkansas, Missouri, just to
name some. Then there are some states
that are just tough. They make you two
wait two years to even operate or make
your first enrollment just because they
have their own politics. Stay out of
Florida, California, New York,
Washington. Go figure. Those are tough
states. But doesn't mean it's
impossible. It just means you have to
wait.
&gt;&gt; You got to wait longer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then there's a bunch of states
kind of in the middle, right? Kind of
somewhat difficult. Six-month wait time.
&gt;&gt; Yep. But in the meantime, doesn't mean
they don't open it up. That should open
up their eyes. Like maybe you open up
your own academy internally because you
want that anyway. You know, you're going
to train your guys the way you want to
train them, the way you want to do your
process anyway. And that's the cool

[32:00]
process anyway. And that's the cool
thing about online schools with the
virtual reality goggles. People, there's
no way you could learn a trade by
watching virtual reality. I'm like, what
do you think YouTube's doing for us this
whole time? We watch video, we learn how
to fix something. And the reality is
this is just a shortcut to get the
certificate. And then once I go to work
at Chris's multiple companies, you're
going to train me or your operators are
going to train me the way you guys want
stuff done. So this is just a piece of
paper to get me to that job. And then
before you throw me keys to the work
truck, you're going to want to train me
on how you do your processes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So if I'm living in Utah or or
California and I want to start like a
tree technician school or a vet
technician school and I find a white
label course, I don't want to make it. I
find one, say it's 500 bucks. Cool. I
can like start the process now and then
I can go to friends and family. I can
make calls and people can pay cash for
this, right? The only thing I really
have to wait for is the reimbursement
from the state. I can still get rolling
before I get that. Right.
&gt;&gt; Some states you can just start selling
to the general market like most schools
do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Until the grant kicks in. And there's a

[33:01]
&gt;&gt; Until the grant kicks in. And there's a
lot of different ways to collect.
There's community partners that are
willing to pay you for that. I have a
client in Utah that's working with a
prison system
&gt;&gt; and they're trying to sell courses at
these, you know, prison systems is just
big big business that they're trying to
buy and so there's so many ways to use
this and utilize this. It's just I think
it's the code on on fixing the pain
point of finding staffing and the
staffing shortages. I mean, they they've
set the bar really low. I've talked to,
you know, business owners out there and
they're like, "Man, we really just want
a good attitude. If they have
credentials, that's a bonus. But we just
want them to show up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We want them to show up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think another way of looking
at this is if I'm in New York or or
California or Florida, the three most
populated states, well, then Texas, it's
like, all right, two-year wait, cool.
That means like no one's going to be
doing this, right? If I'm willing to
wait, if I can spend the next two years
grinding, trying Facebook ads, trying
referrals, trying friends and family, I
can do buy now pay later. Stripe has buy
now pay later. CLA people can do monthly

[34:02]
now pay later. CLA people can do monthly
installments with a firm. I'm going to
do it the hard way for two years because
I know I'm going to have very few
competitors and then two years from now
it's easy mode because the state's going
to be paying me for these and I can
charge even more.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't say hard mode because that's
what normally people do because so high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't I mean you go to any truck
driving school out there and 90% of them
are charging three to $5,000 and they
just rely on volume but the margins are
still high. I'm not a big fan of those
inerson schools because of the margins,
but like if you bought, like you said
earlier, a medical front desk course,
which medical any way you could fit that
in the dentist office, dermatology,
anywhere. If you bought this course,
let's just say for $500, and you market
it to the general public for $3,000,
still big margins. You sell one a week,
that replaces somebody's income like
that. Is there any of these trades that
have to be done in person or can all of
them be done virtually or remotely?

[35:01]
them be done virtually or remotely?
&gt;&gt; Some have to be done in person like
welding. We haven't cracked that that
code yet. And some of them are just, you
know, you you have to do it in in
person. Some of them is a combination of
like, hey, get you could do 90% of the
hybrid and then just offer a two-eek
extership. So like the CNA course,
&gt;&gt; you could learn it online, but at at a
certain point when it comes to like
needles and certain procedures, you're
going to have to just, you know, like
phbotomy, you're going to have to do so
many pokes before you could fully
graduate. And that's when you just
partner up with employers or stacking
companies. That's the easy part.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, what about tech? Didn't or or
sales? Didn't you say that you know a
guy doing like enterprise tech sales
with this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I have a client that does IT tech
sales courses and he crushes it. anyone
looking to get into tech without a
degree. It's a big push right now. Not
saying there's anything wrong with
college degrees. It's just for the
longest time, people said, "Well, I
can't get into tech without a degree."
And he he was able to debunk that. And
now he sells a course. It's IT tech uh
sales course, and it helps people get
into some really cool jobs at T-Mobile,

[36:02]
into some really cool jobs at T-Mobile,
work from home. A lot of that is
transition for work from home.
Everyone's scared of all this return to
office talk. There's still plenty of
remote work out there, just people don't
know where to look. Okay. So, to recap,
like
you were doing this insurance thing,
ended poorly. You had a conversation
with the truck driving school. It was
very interesting to you. You raised
money. You started your own schools. It
did really well. It ended. Now, like
your full-time job, business is helping
people start their own schools and or
like like start their own schools from
scratch or like basically incubate their
own schools at their own companies to
better vertically integrate. Right.
100%. And that's with everything because
like I said, you know, most of these
school owners are trades people
themselves. They didn't have a CRM.
They're not using a sales script.
They're just, you know, John and Mary
just, oh yeah, come down. We teach, you
know, how to become a technician. We'll
teach you how to become a nurse. And
yeah, come on down anytime. And click

[37:00]
yeah, come on down anytime. And click
like, no, you got to capture. They
called. You got to capture that. And
it's just like I I'm involved with their
sales training. um involved with their
scripting, their email campaigns, their
funnels,
&gt;&gt; the government.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm sure you gota like you gota kind of
know who to talk to like how to work the
system. And I said I don't mean that in
like an unethical way, but like how to
work this bureaucracy that is the
government.
&gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. Like if you
Google trade school consultants, you're
going to find people that will show you
how to become a school, become
regulated, and just like it is for
businesses. But what they don't teach
you then what? How do you go find
students? How do you talk to student?
high enroll. It's very much a cell. Like
it's really sales and the skill becoming
sales.
&gt;&gt; And a lot of these school owners,
&gt;&gt; they don't they don't have that dialed
in and I'm able to help them get that
dialed in.
&gt;&gt; A lot of them don't utilize a grant
because they've heard it's a terrible
experience. But what isn't when you're
dealing with the government? If an
individual walks into these offices and
centers, they get they're like, "Hey, I
want to take that grant." After they ask

[38:00]
want to take that grant." After they ask
four different people, maybe they get
lucky and one of them hands them like 18
forms. that individual goes home and
they're like, "Dude, where do I start? I
don't even know how to fill this out.
What do I say?" And it just dies there.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, we're bringing awareness by
let's really help those people that need
this. Get them off benefits and get them
learning a new trade because we
desperately need more trades for you in
every sector.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, Hector, did we miss
anything? Anything I forgot?
&gt;&gt; No, man. I mean, we could probably nerd
about this part one and then part 10 a
year from now. Who knows? But, dude,
let's go impact some lives.
&gt;&gt; That sounds great. Uh we will link to
all your stuff in the show notes and uh
we'll go from there. All right. If you
want to reach out to Hector, I've got a
link to him in the show notes. Thanks
for hanging out on the Kerner