[00:00]
It's a great first business. It's not complicated.
Basically, zero startup costs and like has a ton
of opportunity to grow. You can make 100 grand
a year doing this strategy. The goal here is
just like I'm just trying to make passive income,
right? That whole thing could be automated. Chat
GPT can go in one shot these. Now, I love print on
demand, especially when compared to drop shipping.
All this stuff's coming from China. It takes
a month to get to work. It's probably crappy
quality, weird packaging, and then the seller is
hardly making any money cuz you really have to
use paid ads to make drop shipping work. Worst
case, you learn and you make money on the next
thing because of what you learned. Best case, you
make a lot of money. So, what do you have to lose?
Okay. I had my friend Cody Schneider on the
podcast. And if you like idea guys, AI ideas,
tactical ideas, how to start a business, how to
grow a business, unique business ideas that you
can start with very little money, he's your
guy. I had some of the most fun I've ever had
while recording an episode. I'm not exaggerating.
I already know Cody's going to be a return guest.
Today we talked all about print ondemand business
opportunities. He's had Etsy stores for a decade.

[01:00]
He's done all kinds of print on demand. And now
with these AI image generation capabilities, it
is easier to start a print on demand business than
ever before. We got super tactical, nitty-gritty.
I break down terms for you in a more simple way.
Here's a quick glossery. He mentions rorowaz.
That's return on ad spend. How much money you make
from the money you spend on ads. He mentions JSON,
which is just a way of displaying data. and he
mentions N8N which is a piece of software that
offers automation capabilities. You're going to
love this one. Enjoy. Everything that I'm going
to share today is like you could learn this in a
weekend if you put like eight hours into it. Yeah.
So, first one I want to start with because I think
it'll be just different for your audience is do
you know a lot about like print on demand? Do you
know that category? Cool. Yeah. So, like Etsy is a
huge place for print on demand. But traditionally,
like if you wanted to go and create like a ton of
graphics for print on demand, it used to take, you
know, hours. You'd have to have like some type of
tedious. Yeah. Like design, you know, skill
set. So, there's this opportunity right now,
but I think this is like a weekend business you
could start that's like basically zero startup

[02:04]
costs and like has a ton of opportunity to grow.
So, it's basic it's doing Etsy print on demand,
but using AI generated graphics. I'm going to
break down all of this for how you would do
this is basically you need to go and do product
research on Etsy for which are the bestselling
products. Um, so there's tons of tools that do
this. My friend owns one of these companies. It's
called Everbe. And let me bring it up and I can
show you what this looks like. So basically it's
Matt. Do you know Jungle Scout Chris? Oh yeah. For
Amazon, right? Totally. So it's basically Jungle
Scout but for Etsy. And what it does is it helps
you identify like bestselling products on Etsy.
So it's a Chrome extension. They also have like a
web app version of it. But what it does is it'll
show you the product. So you go to Etsy and you
search a keyword like we'll say like horse shirt,
you know, or we'll say horse sweatshirt, something
very generic. And then from here, you're going to
find these like p these products that are selling
well. And how you identify those is using a

[03:05]
software like Everbe that basically will show you
like the estimated search volume. It'll show you
the estimated sales, the estimated revenue. And
so what this allows for you to do then is I say we
identify like, hey, this uh this one is working,
you know, selling super well, right? I can then
take that image. So I'll take a screenshot of this
and I go to the chat GPT API and I say, you know,
generate a version of this basically. So now to
break this down what this ends up looking like,
you have the keywords that they're like
basically optimizing for. So all of these,
you put those in the title. The description ends
up being exactly the same, do the exact same
pricing structure. And then now you can because
of these AI tools you can go and generate these
images for this print on demand catalog that like
before like you would have to have you know some
type of skill set to even be able to like you know
yeah like design this or like some type of um like
drawing capability right it's you know chat GPT
can go and oneshot these now and what we're doing

[04:04]
this or the experiment we've been running with
is like just vector style images so stuff where
it's like very like black and white an example
of this would be you know something like this
as an example. Less less variables for chat GPT to
screw it up. Exactly. Yeah. But like you know, of
course running in this direction, it's it's going
to like perfectly make a version of this, but it's
an entirely new version. Now you said chatg API.
Are you just using the app or using like something
that you've use just the chat GBT app? We're doing
this at scale, right? So we're like, okay, let's
go generate a thousand like we're going to find
a thousand winning products and we're going to go
generate a thousand different, you know, images.
But if you wanted to start this out manually,
you could go to chat GPT. And here, let's just
like do it actually because I'm I'm curious. Now,
are you are you using EverB for like the scale and
automation part or just for the research? Just for
the research. Once we've identified the URL, so
like in Everbe, you can have it where it basically
you can download the research as a CSV. So the
Chrome extension runs, it shows you the best

[05:01]
winning products from this page. You download it
as a CSV. We'll take those top 10 winners and then
we'll go and generate, you know, graphics based
off of those top 10 winners. Something to think
about for for people if they're going to do this
is I would stay away from words and like phrases
as much as you can. Okay? You can kind of turn
into a just a nightmare to like from a trademark
standpoint. You can look up these trademarks. So
like for example, dogs and horses make me happy.
So like some random person probably owns that
trademark and occasionally they'll just go to all
of the main like sellers like horses make me happy
trademark. They'll go to all the main sellers and
ask for like the sellers to take them down and
you'll get flagged as like a Yep. like basically
you know abusing the trademark which gets a like a
negative like mark against your Etsy shop. And so
if you get like three of them you typically like
you get shuts down. they flag your social and you
have to like you know basically restart the whole
process. So I would just stick with generics those

[06:01]
just safer and again because this is a scale the
volume game like how can I get 10,000 listings
on Etsy live that's you know that's what you're
trying to do here. So, but yeah, but you can do
this with the chat GBT like just the the web app
or you can use the chat GBT image API. You provide
the image type and all this can be done with
no code. Like it can be done with like make.com
which is an automation. You could do this with
nadn which is an automation and nadn is a little
bit more complicated unless you know this trick.
Believe it or not, 67% of the people that watch
my YouTube videos don't subscribe to me and over
90% think that they're subscribed to me. So, do me
a quick favor and check that you're subscribed
to me. If you're not, please do. It would mean
a lot. So with Nad there, it's leaning forward
trick. So with Naden, it's just JSON is how they
structure the the flows. So like with make, you
basically have to go through and like set up each
of the nodes, but I can just go and tell AI to
make an NADN JSON file for the the flow that I'm

[07:03]
trying to create. So we're going to just do this
right now. I'm using Perplexity Pro. Um Proplexity
Pro is Claude 4. And so I'm going to say make nadn
JSON file or JSON flow for the following workflow.
And we'll do uh take image from Google Drive
send to chat GPT API save image to new Google
Drive folder. And what it's going to do right here
is it's basically going to go and write the NADN
JSON code. And then I can just take that into
my NAND instance. I can copy and paste that in.
And it's basically going to like work right out
of the box is like what we're seeing. It's like
Claude is so good at writing this type of JSON
code. It's ridiculous. So you can see this thing
rendered here. Let me see if I can break that
down for everyone. So stuff like Zapier or was the
automation platform preI? Of course, they do AI
stuff, but that's like they invented automations,

[08:03]
right? NAN is the AI first, more complex, but more
featurerich version of Zapier or make.com. You're
saying N is kind of tricky, difficult to work with
if you're a non-coder because of these JSON files.
But if you pay 20 bucks a month for Perplexity
Pro, which uses Cloud 4 on the back end, and you
prompt it as you just showed, which we'll put in
the show notes, you can get around that confusion
and anyone, even the layman like myself, can use
N8 successfully. Correct. 100%. Absolutely. That's
exactly it. Why NAN is so powerful is because it
has a ton of community nodes. So, and it can also
just do web hooks really easily. So even if there
isn't a node like for example there's no zap year
or make.com integration with a web hook you can
call most APIs and an API is just basically like
an endpoint that you can say hey I want this
back from you right and then you like just a
way for softwares to talk to each other. Exactly.
Exactly. And then it sends that information back.

[09:01]
And so that is how you can basically like you
know this is a really small version of this where
this extends to and you could even get further is
like okay cool I I identified all of the winning
products on Etsy. I extracted the photos from all
those winning product products you know scraping
using something like scraping be or you know any
of these like scraping softwares. Honestly appy
would probably work for this as well. And then
once I have all those images in a Google Drive
folder, I can be like, "Okay, like do this flow,
but I want to extend this flow out even further.
I want you to also upload this to Printify
automatically for me. Add it to, you know,
shirts to sweatshirts to mugs, you know, all the
different variations that you could sell of the
same graphic." And then within Printify, you can
just bulk select, oneclick publish, and it goes
live on Etsy. And so that's like the whole like
you know process that you can do with this. So so
with your automation sorry go ahead. No I was just
gonna say yeah questions happy to answer anything.

[10:01]
So so with what you're doing you're using NAN
and other similar tools to scale this this Etsy
strategy. What is your goal? Like are you just
reselling stuff on Etsy? Are you cross-selling
you know bestsellers on Etsy on other platforms
on your own Shopify site? What is your whole goal
with this? Yeah, I mean you could take these same
graphics and go to like Amazon merch, which is
just like another category. Etsy we found is just
like I've also s sold on Etsy for like the last
whatever it is like 10 plus years. So we just know
the platform way better. But the thing with this
is basically it's just a volume game. Like you're
trying to get 10,000 listings up. Yeah. And the
margin on these shirts 50 of them will be good and
the rest of them won't make any money. Exactly.
You know what? It's the classic rule like 8020
rule, right? where it's like 20% of your products
are going to make 80% of your revenue. It's going
to be that same strategy. You don't know what's
going to win. But the arbitrage here is that to
create these graphics like I used to like we used
to do this. We would hire like offshore talent.
They were like, you know, doing like illustrator

[11:03]
files. They could only do like one a day. So I got
10 of them working in the Philippines doing one a
day. I mean it was just like a massive operation.
Now you can do that same thing but like without
any humans. maybe one person running this, just
a one, you know, just you basically running this.
Yeah. And get to a scale where the listings are
at a volume size that you're just creating more
surface area. And really the to break down like
why this works. So Etsy is a platform that already
has a bunch of organic search traffic for a lot of
these keywords. Like if I go and search, you know,
uh horse sweatshirt on Google, like Etsy is going
to come up in those top listings. You're going to
see them here. Etsy, Etsy, Amazon. So, what you're
doing is basically what they would call parasite
SEO. You're using the domain authority and the
the current rankings of these websites to get
like sales. So, for example, Etsy's here, somebody
clicks into horse sweatshirt. If you rank in that

[12:00]
top position for horse sweatshirt, you're going to
just get sales as long as the graphic is something
that people want to buy and you know what people
want to buy because we already did the research
with Everbeby to identify those things, right? And
so what you're basically like this is solving is
the cold start problem of how do I get, you know,
like how do I get trust enough for people to buy
this from me? Yeah. When I lean on a platform, I
can solve that that cold star problem. So yeah,
and for those listening, parasite SEO is just
like a parasite. It's just SEO where you don't
have any authority. You have no reputation online.
Google doesn't know you exist. You just latch on
to someone like Etsy and say, "Hey, I'm relevant
now." Exactly. Exactly. And you're you're really
just using like you could we could go and look
at this actually like for all of the Let me bring
this up. So like do you see this forward URL? Mhm.
So that means they have this like subdirectory
on the entire website. Like that's where all of
their product collection pages is what they would
be called. Our main So Etsy has created 19 million
of those and we have the opportunity basically to

[13:04]
go and build products for all 19 million that we
can then show up in front of. Right? So they have
all this traffic that they're trying and like how
do they make money? They make money when somebody
comes in and makes a purchase. So if your product
somebody comes in and they make a purchase,
you rank higher within their internal search
algorithm and then they're doing all the work
for you though to show up for you know 18 kg gold
chain for grounding shoes for Brier Rose ring
for I mean also if you're trying to find product
categories that are like new and like like quickly
like becoming like like searched Etsy is actually
a great place to do research for this. So do that
search. What I did is site colon etsy.commarket.
You select tools on Google and then I can say show
me in the past 24 hours. And so it's going to give
me all of the pages. Yeah, that's it. Cody, that's

[14:00]
why people watch this. Totally. And so here's
some of them that come up. It's gag portraits,
Tweety Bird phone case, gold fil sho or gold fil
Canada. Some of them don't make any sense, right?
But at least this gives you an understanding of
the like Etsy is seeing that people are starting
to search these and so it is building out these
pages programmatically based off this data like
that is their real business is basically huge
marketplace looking at the data building pages
to like get this free traffic and then you know
categorizing all the products appropriately to
increase the sales as much as possible right and
so this is like a really quick and easy way to
like you know find a not a category that's growing
quickly. Offensive like offensive get well card
soon cards. This is a great one like that. You
could just like literally only build a shop. Yeah.
Around that. Use AI to generate the the graphics
and the images like Canva, right? And use a like
a print on demand company, some like Gelato. I
think they have these that will actually like

[15:00]
print these cards and send them to people. So, you
know what's crazy to me is so many of these trends
start with short form video. Like all of a sudden
someone posts on Tik Tok about Dubai chocolate
which no one's ever heard of and this video goes
mega viral gets 100 million views and then it
just starts disseminating out on Tik Tok. Now you
have hundreds and thousands of people posting out
Dubai chocolate and then you go to this tool you
go to Google with this trick and you search Dubai
chocolate and then days, weeks, months later you
start to see it down to kind of filter down the
funnel. Now people are making purchasing decisions
based on this what started as one viral video and
then it becomes more and more saturated and
you can look at the Google Trends chart and
it goes up and then it goes down. But what you're
showing us enables people to get ahead of that,
right? Because as soon as people go from Tik Tok
to I want to buy, it's going to show up right
here and you won't be too late. 100%. 100%. And
it you're the whole point of this too is you're
not guessing, right? Like you're not guessing
about any of this. All this is data driven.
The only AI part of this is the human labor. Like
there's nothing else that's happening. The goal

[16:03]
here is just like I'm just trying to make passive
income, right? Like this is a passive income
type of business. That's just an online business
version. And you know, I'm not saying you're not
going to get like crazy wealthy doing this except
you I know you can do that, right? But it's like
reality the average person like you I mean you can
do it. It's just it's just it's a lot of work. But
like realistically like you could you could make
another 100 grand a year doing this strategy. It's
not unreasonable. This was like one of the first
businesses that I ran was basically a version of
this. So anyway, yeah. So let me summarize the
opportunity. So you're going to Etsy. You're using
that tool ever. You're finding winning products.
Then you're using an NAT template which you make
in Perplexity Pro. That template will go out and
connect your research with your chat GPT API,
find winning products, and then once you find
them, you're using the same keywords, similar
pictures to post them on the same platform. And
that's something that a lot of people are like,
"All right, this is retail arbitrage. I buy
on Amazon, sell on Walmart, buy on eBay,

[17:02]
sell on Facebook." Like, no. Like, you just find
the winners and sell them on the same platform
where the demand's already proven. And then the
magic of print ondemand is you're not buying any
t-shirts. You're not taking possession of any of
this stuff. like you're just sending all of these
orders through an API through an automation to a
big warehouse in, you know, Kansas City, Missouri,
and they're shipping out the hats and sweatshirts
all over the world, right? While you make, you
know, cents to dollars on every little transaction
100%. I mean, the costs for this are so cheap,
too, right? I think a Etsy listing now, I don't
know if it's 20 or 30 cents, I can't remember.
But again, you you pay that premium because they
have all the traffic. So, you don't have to solve
the traffic problem. You just have to make the
product that's most likely to sell. Yeah. So,
their cost is basically like the subscription for
something like an Everbe, the cost to generate the
image, and then basically the listing fee on Etsy.
Last thing, too, on the image generation side,
an actual like technical thing. Quick question.
What if there were a private community out there

[18:00]
of people that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only
for business starters and business builders.
It's called TK owners and it's basically like
having me and a hundred other business geniuses
as your business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks, business
ideas, and a database of everything I've ever
talked about. You'll find thousands of startup
case studies. You'll have weekly ask me anythings
with me while I'll answer your questions directly.
You can join now at tkowners.com. Link in the
show notes. You'll go and remove the background
from those images that they provide back. One of
them is like BG background. Yeah, a ton of Yeah.
hundreds of those. Basically, you'll get it into
that that version where it's like a PNG where
it has a clear background. That's what you're
what you're actually doing in a printify, but just
making sure you know trying to get over. So, you
remove the background. You remove the background
before you send it send it to ChatGBT through the
API. Remove the background before you send it
to Printify. So, you would scrape it from Etsy,
send it to ChatGBT, get the image back, send
it to a background remover, get the image back,

[19:03]
send that to Printify, send that to Etsy. Okay.
At what point, if any, is your manual involvement
needed throughout this process? That whole thing
could be automated. Like they would just be the
the research on the front end. In reality, you
could probably automate that in some capacity.
There's just like not a great tool out there for
it, but you could. But a lot of this stuff is so
fun. Like why automate the research? It's so fun.
Totally. Totally. And then the posting, the final
process of like posting them live within Printify
or within uh you know, Printull. Those are the two
pieces. that whole middle section which is all
the labor like that can basically be removed,
right? So, yeah. Okay. First of all, like this
isn't like very tangible, but for those listening,
this stuff that he's describing, like setting
up an automation, your first automation for the
first time and just seeing it work, it's just the
best feeling in the world. It's just so fun. Like,
it's, you know, skydiving level fun. So, this
isn't like, you know, yeah, you can make money
scrubbing toilets. I talk about that stuff.
That's not fun. Scrubbing toilets objectively

[20:02]
is not fun. This is fun. And you know, worst
case, you make no money, but you learn. And you
make money on the next thing because of what you
learned. Best case, you make a lot of money. So,
what do you have to lose? No. 100%. Have you ever
found a situation since you've been on Etsy for
so long where there is an advantage to take a
winning product that's just winning organically,
copy it, and just put paid ads behind it because
you know that your cost per acquisition will be
low enough? Yeah, great question. Google ads
in particular or like shopping ads. Absolutely.
Right. If you're seeing like this horse shirt is
absolutely crushing it on Etsy, we know that like,
you know, Etsy ranks for horse sweatshirt on
page one and like a majority of the traffic
has to be coming from that. You throw up a Shopify
store and, you know, run like Google shopping ads
directly to that. And Google shopping ads, just
so like people understand what those are, are the
ads. Let me screen share and I can show you what
they look like in the actual like search results.
But it's the ads that look like like again let's
do a horse sweatshirt. It's these here where it's

[21:04]
like these like you know the images. These are
all Google shopping ads. So how you do these
is you basically set up like a Shopify store. You
then connect it to Google Shopping. So it pulls in
all of your skew data and then within Google Ads
you can say hey I want you to bid on this keyword
or sweatshirt and show this specific product for
that keyword. So you could double down on this.
And then what this turns into is it's just like
a arbitrage game and you're like it's a rorowaz
game, right? So it's like I put a dollar in and
maybe $2 comes out. So like maybe my margin isn't
crazy good, right? And what I mean by that is
like for every dollar I spend in ads, I get like,
you know, $2 back in revenue. And that so and
say your margin on that second dollar is only,
you know, 20%. Which is like probably what you'll
end up seeing. So it's like I'm only making like
20 cents off of every dollar I spend. But if I go
and spend, you know, 100 grand and like that 20
cents suddenly suddenly looks big. The arbitrage
here as well and I'll again just more sauce for

[22:04]
everybody is that ad spend. If you have an Ammex
or a Chase Sapphire card there, the Amx card,
I can't remember the name of it, but they get
AMX gives you 4x points on every dollar you spend
on paid ads, and Sapphire gives you 3x points
on every dollar you spend on paid ads. And so
what that tra translates into is like, yeah, maybe
you're making the super small margin and like, oh
yeah, we're getting 25, you know, whatever, like
20 grand a month off of this shirt or or two grand
a month off this shirt. But you can use this as a
way to like go and stack points. So it's like, oh,
you want to take a, you know, a trip to southern
France and want to fly business class, you know,
all the way there and then also stay in a hotel
for free. You're basically spending money to make
small fractions of money and then the byproduct
of that is like layering on these. So I I have
friends that do this. I've done this in the past
as well. So I love print on demand especially when
compared to drop shipping. You know 10 years ago
drop shipping was everything. But when you really

[23:01]
break down the business model it's pretty crappy.
Like all this stuff coming from China. Some woman
in in middle America you know buys this $30 thing.
It takes a month to get to her. She's likely char
filed dispute against her credit card by then.
By the time it gets there, it's probably crappy
quality. It comes in this weird packaging. The
branding is not the same as the person she thought
she bought it from. And then the seller is hardly
making any money because you really have to use
paid ads to make drop shipping work. And then like
you might be selling these handheld blenders that
were all the rage on TikTok at the time and then
by the time it arrives it's not cool anymore. No
one wants it. But with print on demand, as long
as we're wearing t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats,
there's going to be a business there. And they're
not coming from China. They're coming from any
number of factories. And these big companies like
Printify have a half dozen factories all over the
country. So you can still get the shirt in a few
days. If the design or the pattern goes out of
style, you lose nothing. Like totally, you have
no inventory you're sitting on. You have no sunk
cost. I think it's also just a better business.
Like the biology of the business is better,

[24:01]
right? Like it always is crazy to me all the like
everybody that goes into drop shipping because
it's like you can never sell a drop shipping
company, right? Like full stop period. But I
could sell a print on demand company. Like
I could sell you all the IP I own, all the
graphics I own and also the like cash flow that
I own and like flip that like on a marketplace
or sell it to and N templates have value now. Oh,
100%. I mean three months ago they didn't exist.
Totally. Today they're actually valuable. People
sell them. Totally. Totally. Yeah. It's a great
first business. It's low. It's low cost. It's
very approachable. It's very clear. Like it's
like it's not complicated. The math is easy. So
anyway, you acquire a half a dozen skills that you
can use with so many other things. Thousand% dude.
Thousand%. I say this all the time on my podcast.
Like generally speaking, this first business,
whatever it is that you do, it's not going to
work. Like statistically speaking, everything
we're talking about right now won't work because
that's numbers. Law of large numbers. I mean,
most businesses don't work. But the idea is to
get you started, get your foot in the door, get
get in the game so you can acquire these skills

[25:04]
and pivot towards something that does eventually
work 100%. It's not just hoodies and sweatshirts.
Like there's so many things that you can create.
Stickers, notebooks, stickers, custom notebooks,
printables, right? Foozies, print. Have you done
anything with printables? Like Yeah, totally.
Absolutely. Yeah, like you know, kids coloring
books. There's also like this I wouldn't call
it print on demand, but it's like digital assets.
So like Excel templates and like Procreate color
palettes. Like there's there's thousands of these
different like categories that you can go into.
And the the idea here is that it's like it's a
nonasset type business. But like I can go down the
like anything that's digital and anything that you
could sell on the print on demand side. There's
like a ton of opportunity there. But I think
the thing to remember is like don't get pigeon
holed into like oh it's got to be sweatshirts
and t-shirts alone. Like you can make really

[26:00]
good margins on stickers. You can make really
good margins on like even mugs, right? Or like
whatever. There's so many of these companies now
that are competing against each other. So they're
always adding new skew types like you know baby
jumpers and like a huge a big piece of this too
that like a lot of people make a lot of money is
doing custom ones like print on demand custom and
what I mean by that is you with laser engraving
or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that or even
like you know brides like you know are going out
like they want to get custom jackets made that are
embro embroidered. So it's like a like you go and
you find a like a embroidery ondemand company and
you like custom embroider their names to denim
jackets. so that when they go to Nashville like
they all are matching, right? Or whatever. Like
there's that that's a huge category of this too
is that custom component. And so I don't think
you just have to do like you know that graphic
thing that I was describing. There's all of these
different layers to this that you can kind of
unravel. Yeah. It's really just finding and and
what's it's easier than ever to find these print

[27:00]
on demand companies, right? Like when I started
out there was like two companies. Now it's like
I go to Perplexity and I'm like list a 100 print
on demand companies and the unique things that
they sell and it's like boom like here's a list.
Let's do a little uh a little ideation freestyle
no prep. I'm in the middle of launching a store
like for myself called tkostore.com where you can
buy shirts and stuff cuz it's a no-brainer. I'm
using a company called FourthWall to do it and
it's basically print on demand for creators.
What opportunity do you see if I were to say,
"Gun to your head, Cody, I need you to come up
with a business idea that merges print on demand
with creators?" Because most creators out there
aren't selling merch, right? A lot of them are.
A lot of times, it's like the first thing they
go to, like, "How do I monetize? Let's sell a
t-shirt." But even so, like just statistically,
most creators aren't selling anything. Maybe they
do branded stuff for other companies or something.
They're collecting emails. But how would you do
that? What type of an automation would you set up
to go out to all the creators, say on Instagram

[28:00]
that have over 100,000 followers, maybe pick a
niche, not pick a niche, DM them and say, "Hey,
I will make like a I'm I'm answering the question
for myself. I will make a fully a fully functional
store for you and all I charge is 5% of revenue.
Pay me nothing upfront." And then you just use
something like fourth wall on the back end. What
What do you Yeah, I think it's brilliant. I I'll
walk you through how I would do it exactly like
play by play. So, the first thing I would do is
I would go and I would look for like phrases
or like keyword phrases that they say often in
their content. So, like one that's Do that. I was
going to say that. Dang it. Yeah. So, one of mine
on my channel is I say a thousand% a thousand%.
Yeah. And I always like in the comments people
will just like, you know, basically like flame me
about it and like even my family like you say it's
just it's one of those things. So, video is cool,
but you know what's better? long form audio via
podcast and my newsletter. tkopod.com. Go there
to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's one
email a week. Very tactical. And then go to my
audio podcast. Three episodes a week. Stuff like

[29:03]
this. You're going to love it. All free. No sleazy
sales pitch. Tkopod.com. So you go and identify,
you take the transcripts of all the things that
they published. You identify those phrases that
are recurring and you basically analyze that.
Cool. Here's these ones that they're saying often.
That's what the merch turns into, right? Like I'm
just imagining a dad hat that says a thousand%
comma a thousand%. Or something ridiculous, right?
So then you take that and you now have these merch
ideas. I would go to the creator and I would be
like I would pitch them literal like examples of
the ideas like, "Hey, you you say this a lot. You
have to make it real for them. They're not going
to be able to imagine what you have in mind."
Show them a dad hat that has some, you know, some
something on it, right? That is like a part of
their community. Is there something you say often,
Chris? Yeah, I start every single short form video
with look at this freaking guy right here over a
thousand times. And I was just gonna say like I
have this now. If you're listening and you want to
start this with me, I'm sorry. It's too late. You
dropped the ball. Okay. But if someone would have

[30:01]
slid into my DMs and said, "Chris, I just bought
tkostore.com the domain. It's all yours. I set
up a site for you. Look at this shirt." The shirt
says, "Look at this freaking guy right here. It's
all yours. I just want 5% of revenue. I'll add
new designs. Uh, I'll do everything. I'll manage
it. I'll manage everything. Logistics. I don't
know how simple it is on the back end. At least,
you know, the average creator doesn't. He's just
using another company to do this. I would have
said, "Yes, I want a t-shirt store eventually.
You just saved me all the hassle. I have three
and a half million followers." Like, that could
have been a big customer for him, but I had to do
it myself. Totally. Totally. And I think that is
the going to be the differentiator is coming to
them with examples. It's not like pitching like
this esoteric like to your point like you bought
the domain the Shopify store already exists but
even we shut it down too like all this could be
done in like a weekend right it's like a week
it's a $10 domain Shopify's free trial for 30
days like you don't need to spend hardly any money
to do this totally totally okay so you you built
this you got this set up now how do you actually
reach out to them DMs is one of them if they're

[31:01]
YouTube creators you can go and you can get the
email addresses from their profiles you can use
amplify for that Yep. Totally. So, let me look you
up. Oh, man. You are butchering that name. It's
my It's spelling is not my gift, dude. You're not
even subscribed to me. What are you doing? I know,
dude. This is on my personal. It's on my main. But
anyways, I can do this. I hit this. I get their
email. Awesome. Right there. Cool. I reached
out. Cold email is I built you a merch store.
All lowercase. That's the subject line. Yeah. I'm
opening that email 100%. I'm opening that. Yeah.
Yep. And then explain what you did, link to the
actual actual merch, give them a proposal, ask
them for an interview. So, how do you do this at
scale? You can go and you can use something like
Appify. They have a YouTube channel email scraper.
There's an endpoint. I don't know which one it is.
You'll have to look through these, but basically
you can go and just imagine I go and I scrape

[32:02]
every one of these channels, every creator, and
then I cold email reach out to them. And what you
could probably do is be like, "Hey, if you want to
see it like your store, just like email me back,
yes, and I'll send you the URL." And then you
make an email back and then you build, right?
How do you actually do this cold email right at
scale? Like say you're trying to email a thousand
people a month. So to do that you go find that
email and then you would go and you would validate
that email with something called million verifier
which is an email validation software. Basically
checks whether it's like you know a good like
a a valid email or score. Exactly. Exactly. So,
or you know if it's a a catch-all or do not send,
right? And this the reason you have to do this is
if you send a bunch of cold email to like like bad
emails, it'll basically just like ruin the IP of
that email address that you're sending from
and so it to just ruin the reputation from a
deliverability standpoint. Once I validated that
email, I then go into something like instantly
AI and I set up a cold email campaign and I just
literally that I'm sending the exact same thing

[33:05]
to all the creators and I'm just saying like
I built you a merch store, right? Like that is
the subject line. Yeah. And be like, you know,
if they like answer yes, like just uh you know,
respond yes and I'll send you the link to the
to the store. And then like they respond yes,
you quickly build the store on the line. Yep. You
quickly build the store and then immediately that
turns into a lead and then you basically have a
business right out of this that is a great idea
actually. This is like a really really really good
idea. Yeah. Okay. Cody's proud of me. Cody's proud
of me. Okay. I'm the nobody, man. I just whatever.
I just see a lot of stuff, right? Just like you.
So it's like when you see good stuff, you're
like that is that is that's good content. And
what's going to happen is like this is what I do.
Like let's say someone with a million followers
responds and says yes. And then I send it to him
and then they like it. They say sign me up. I send
him a contract. He signs up and now I'm crunching
my numbers. I'm just like, "All right, I just
need 1% one $15 profit per shirt. I get 5% of that
yet. I'm going to make $100,000 a month." And then

[34:06]
you launch and you make like $2,000 a month. And
then you're like, "Oh." And then you're like, "I'm
making $2,000 a month like from a cold email just
from my time. just like I just I just typed in the
right words on my keyboard and I created $2,000
a month. I just need to do that 10 more times
and I've got a quarter million a year. Like that's
what happens. Like either in my experience, either
you don't get anywhere close to your projections,
but you still have an awesome business and you
learn a ton or you 10x your projections and you're
like, "Holy crap, so many more people want this
merch than I ever imagined. I thought I'd make
a 100 grand. I'm making 500 grand." You know,
one thing to add is like I would focus on creators
that are long form too. I think that short
form creators don't have as much like perocial
relationship. And so like I would go to, you know,
all of these creators that have long form content
where it's like if somebody's sitting down and
spending an hour listening to you talk, right?
Like and they're doing that weekly. Like you're

[35:03]
basically brainwashing them over a 90-day period.
Like if they show up for 90 days or they go and
binge your whole back catalog. All right, you're
in luck because Cody is coming back on in a week.
So, be sure to subscribe, share with a friend,
and we're going to chat all things AI business