[00:00]
What if you could see the future as an
entrepreneur? What if you could know
if your business was going to work before you
ever launched it? Before you ever spent money,
before you ever took the risk and look
like an idiot to all your friends? Well,
that's exactly what I'm going to show you today.
If you ever wanted to start an online business,
software, app, website, agency,
anything that lives on the internet,
but you didn't want to jump in with both feet
before knowing if there was a market for it,
if there was demand for it, if you could be
better than your competitors. I'm going to
show you all of the tools that I use on a daily
basis to validate these business ideas before
Also, if you're just now meeting me for the first
time, my name is Chris Kerner. I'm a married dad
of four living in Dallas Fort Worth. I have
started about 80 businesses over the last 16
years. Three of those have been worth over $10
million and seven of those have been worth over
$1 million. I am addicted to starting and growing
businesses and this channel is engineered to share
my learnings, experiences, and tips and tricks
with all of you. Okay, let's start by listing

[01:01]
off all the tools I plan to use for this video
and then I'll show you how to use the tools in
the most strategic way so you can get the most out
of them. Let's start with the AI tools. Chad GPT,
Claude, Perplexity, and then Manis. In my
opinion, those are the four best AI tools
if you're looking for a tool that can be agentic,
which means it can act as an agent. it can act on
your behalf to go surf the internet and bring
you back the most relevant information. Now,
keep in mind that these AI tools are
only as good as the prompts I give them,
and they're only as good as the places I tell
them to go and extract data from. You're going
to see that my prompts are very specific, and I'm
going to tell them to go look at specific websites
that are key to this whole thing working. Okay.
Now, the nonAI tools I plan to use will be Pikfu,
Gummy Search, and Reddit. Now, keep in mind,
you don't need an audience or a lot of money
to do any of these things I'm about to show
you. And almost all of these services offer
free trials because we even want to mitigate
our risk while trying to mitigate our risk
as we learn which opportunities out there are
most likely to be successful for us. Okay. Now,

[02:05]
for the purposes of this experiment, the business
that I'm going to try to validate or invalidate
is a direct competitor to QuickBooks or Zero.
Now, QuickBooks is a bookkeeping software that
you've probably heard of. I can't stand it. and
ZeroFreshbooks slash all of the other QuickBooks
competitors out there just don't seem to do it
for me either. So, by the end of this video,
I'm going to use building a direct QuickBooks
competitor as an example of how you can validate
or invalidate an online business idea before
ever launching. And you can apply these exact
same principles to whatever idea it is that you
may have. Also, I know you're going to love this
video, so please hit subscribe before you forget
so you can see more stuff like this in your feed.
All right, let's start with the prompt that I
plan to use across some of these AI tools. Now,
whether you're listening to this or watching this,
I'm going to go ahead and paste this exact prompt
in the show notes below, so you don't need to
subscribe or anything to see it. Okay. Now,
I could paste this prompt across all of the AI
tools out there, including Grock and Gemini,

[03:02]
but I think I'm just going to get a lot of
redundant responses here. I want to use Manis
because it does a great job of acting as an agent
for me. It's agentic. I want to use chat GPT5 for
the same reason. Now, I am a little let down
by ChatGpt 5, but I've noticed when I ask it to
employ its chat GPT agentic features, it does. If
I don't, then it won't because OpenAI is driving
to save money on their processing costs. I'm going
to use Claude Opus 4.1 because I honestly think it
is the best model in the world right now. And I'm
going to use Perplexity because it does a good job
at displaying large tables of data and it works
really fast. and I'm an impatient man. Okay, so
let's go to Perplexity first. I'm not going to use
deep research. I'm going to use labs. Perplexity
Labs is awesome because it will automatically
display data in different ways. Charts, graphs,
tables, pictures, while also combining these
features with its core deep research features. So,

[04:00]
I kind of get the best of both worlds.
It's like deep research but leveled up. So,
I'm going to paste in the prompt and then move
on to Manis. Says it's going to take 11 minutes.
You can see that I'm choosing the agent feature
on Manis and I am using the free Manis plan by
the way. I've had the paid version in the past,
but I just didn't use it enough to justify keeping
it. All right, Manis is working. Let's go to
Claude Opus 4.1. Hit the drop down. I have the
$20 a month plan. I've got the web search dropown
checked and I have the deep research button
checked. Boom. All right. Last but not least, chat
GPT5. I'm going to hit agent mode and I'm going to
go. Claude has some follow-up questions for me.
Am I interested in competing in a specific market
segment? Freelancers, small businesses under 10
employees, mid-market to 10 to 50. Yes, actually,
I'm glad it asked. I should have included that
in the prompt. Businesses with 0 to 10 employees.
There are about 35 million businesses in the
United States, and I think 30 of them, 30 million

[05:02]
of them have no employees. So, that's my market. I
don't care about the big businesses when it comes
to this. Second question, what's your initial
hypothesis for differentiation, lower price point,
better UX, that's user experience, specific
vertical focus, or something else. AI enabled,
cheaper. I'm thinking $19 a month and more simple
core features only. It just never breaks. If
you've used QuickBooks, you probably have noticed
that the connection with your bank accounts always
break and you have to reconnect it. It's really
annoying and I've actually dug into that problem
and it's very fixable. Third question Claude asked
is, "Do you have any specific feature areas you're
already considering focusing on?" I'm just going
to say no. I'll leave that open-ended. All right.
If we check in on chat GPT, it is going, going,
gone. It's moving pretty fast. Perplexity has
seven minutes left and Manis is cranking along
as well. So, while these cook, we're going to

[06:03]
go use these nonAI tools. You're going to love
these. Also, I am not affiliated with any of
these tools mentioned in the video. I'll see if
I can get some discount affiliate links. If so,
I'll put them in the show notes. It'd be great
if you could support me. All right, I do have a
Gummy Search account. I'm logged in. I'm going to
purchase a day pass for $10. Paid plans are 29 to
$200 a month. That's really not necessary.
I'm just going to buy a $10 day pass. And it
looks like I had quantity of two in my cart, so I
accidentally bought a two-day pass. Awesome. Okay,
so if you've never scraped anything on the
internet, it can be a little intimidating. There
are tools like Outs Scraper, Appify, Scrapebox,
Gummy Search that makes the scraping process a
lot easier. So, what Gummy Search does is it's
built on top of Reddit to help better display
things that I might be looking for on Reddit, such
as QuickBooks user complaints that are most often
repeated. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and activate
one of my two day passes. And then I'm going to go

[07:00]
to the audience tab, make a new audience, and I'm
going to type in small business. I'd like to find
about 10 million or so total Reddit subscribers
across all subreddits related to small business.
So, these are the small business subreddits. I'm
going to choose r/ small business small business
Canada business entrepreneur small business owners
business ideas r/ side project and that has 10.4
million members across these seven subreddits.
That should be plenty. Create audience. Okay,
now I just search for keywords. I'm just going to
search QuickBooks and then I'm going to click on
the patterns tab. Summarize 100 submissions. So,
right now, in a matter of seconds, it's going to
summarize 21,000 words about QuickBooks based on
what people have posted in these seven subreddits.
Okay, the most often repeating pattern is
seeking alternatives to QuickBooks. Okay,

[08:00]
this is awesome. I'm immediately excited. I didn't
do any of this research before hitting record, by
the way. This is all done fresh. I'm trying to get
into the habit of whenever I do cool stuff like
this on the internet, just hitting record. So,
seeking alternatives to QuickBooks. Number two,
concerns about QuickBooks pricing and subscription
issues. Number three, integration of QuickBooks
with other software. Four, building or considering
alternatives to QuickBooks. Five, using QuickBooks
for payroll and bookkeeping. Six, issues
and frustrations with QuickBooks. All right,
let's try that with Zero now, which is QuickBooks
biggest competitor. All right, we're going to find
patterns in 24,000 words about zero. The most
common pattern is people having zero integration
issues. The second one is simply people asking
for accounting software recommendations. That's
neither good nor bad. Zero is popping up because
people are recommending it. So if I had to choose,
it's more good than bad. And then the other three
patterns are just people looking for software

[09:00]
solutions. So immediately this is telling me
that people have serious issues with QuickBooks,
but not many issues with Zero. So that can lead
me down a different rabbit hole. What do people
love about Zero that I could implement into my
software? Let's click on the sentiment tab and
see what the sentiment is about Zero compared to
QuickBooks. Also, what's cool about this is you
can click this track button here and you'll get
email notifications if the sentiment changes or if
new patterns emerge based on the topic that you're
following. All right, the sentiment towards zero
in these posts is generally neutral to slightly
negative. While some users appreciate its features
like automatic bank reconciliation, others find
it too complicated or expensive, there are also
mentions of specific limitations such as issues
with quoting features in integration problems. So,
it has a 48 out of 100 sentiment score. 100
would be a perfectly positive sentiment. We're
going to do the same thing with QuickBooks and
see how it compares. And I'll tell you what,
once all this research is over, I'm going to
show you how I personally launch landing pages

[10:02]
that can start collecting emails in about 3 to
four minutes. It's so easy and it costs about
$2 a year the way I do it. Okay. The sentiment
for QuickBooks is 38 out of 100 compared to 48
out of 100 for zero. Significant number of users
are expressing frustration over pricing complexity
and technical issues. Okay, so basically people
generally dislike both QuickBooks and Zero,
but they like Zero a little better. Now
we can go to the ask feature and ask AI a
question about Zero or QuickBooks or whatever
features people hate or can't live without,
and it will answer us based on all of these posts
in all of these subreddits. What complaint occurs
the most often regarding both QuickBooks and
Zero? That is the question I'm asking AI. Okay,
the number one complaint about QuickBooks and
Zero is not just that their prices are high,
but that their prices keep going up. Why does
QuickBooks Online just keep going up? Zero keeps

[11:00]
going up. So, what this is telling me is if I were
to build a competitor to QuickBooks, the number
one message in my marketing should be cheap price
forever because that's the opposite of what my
competitors are actually doing in real life. Okay,
there's a bunch more we can do with gummy search,
but this is the 8020 of it. Let's move on to the
next tool. Pikfu is one of the most underrated,
slept on tools on the internet. It's been around
forever. I use it for all kinds of random things,
and it's especially good if you want to pull
relevant information from a relevant audience,
but you don't have your own audience. You can
find a shortcut by using Pikfu. Once again,
this is not sponsored by them, but I do have
an affiliate link if you want to use it. So,
I'm logged in. I go to my dashboard and what Pikfu
is is it's a polling platform. They have millions
of people signed up to complete surveys and polls
that we submit to them. And Pikfu knows if these
people are American, international, how old they
are, their gender, their likes, dislikes, hobbies,

[12:01]
level of wealth, etc. This is just amazing data.
So, I'm going to click new poll. Type my question.
What do you hate most about QuickBooks? I'm not
going to actually run this poll because this
would cost me money right now, but I'm going to
show you how it works. The most important thing
to do here is audience sample size. It says 50 is
the most popular. I like to double that and go for
100 people in my poll. Now, this will guarantee
you 100 responses. It's not just going to put it
in front of 100 people and only 12 respond. You
pay a buck per response. So, it would be $100 to
pull 100 people, but that's 100 specific targeted
people. In this case, people living in the United
States that are small business owners. Yes, I
checked all those boxes. We can even do age range,
gender identity, political, Amazon Prime member,
app store, spending habits, age of kids. You can
go on and on and on. But here's the trade-off.
The more specific you get with your audience,

[13:00]
the more it's going to cost you to pull them.
So, I'm just going to keep it to small business
owners. 100 responses for 100 bucks. Then you
click preview and pay. and within an hour you
will have your responses. How valuable is that? My
audience is so valuable because I can just throw
up an Instagram poll and within minutes can know
what to post about, what business to talk about,
etc. But you watching or listening to this can
shortcut all that just by using something like
this. And the third nonI tool that I talked about
using is simply Reddit. And I would even throw
in Facebook groups, small business owner Facebook
groups that are highly moderated, highly curated,
not a bunch of ads and spam in there. Just
search for the words QuickBooks or Zero,
see what people are saying about it. If it's
not a closed group, you can copy that URL,
paste it into ChatGpt, and have it summarize its
findings for you. Do the same thing in Reddit
across any of those subreddits I chose or even
more niche subreddits than those. I'm assuming you
guys know how to use Facebook groups and Reddit,
so I won't go into detail there. But that wraps up

[14:01]
the nonAI tools. Let's get back to these prompts
to see what they spit out for us. All right, we'll
start with Chat GPT. I really love what it gave me
here. There's a lot going on here. It's confirming
that it read over 200 recent reviews of QuickBooks
Online, QuickBooks Desktop, and Zero from multiple
public sources such as Capterra, Git App, Software
Advice, and Trust Radius. And it took all of these
reviews and clustered them together in recurring
themes. The number one pain point, frequent bugs,
crashes, and unreliable updates. Number two, price
hikes and unpredictable subscription costs. I find
this very interesting. It's not just that it's
expensive, it's that it's unpredictably expensive
and the price just keeps going up. Poor customer
support, limited report customization, payroll
limitations, yada yada yada. But usually when
you're looking at lists of complaints like this,
the 8020 rule is very much in force. As in 80% of
people are going to have these top two complaints
and 20% of people are going to have the bottom
eight complaints. The must-have features that

[15:03]
Chat GPT5 brought back are cloud accessibility and
multi-user collaboration, sharing your account,
adding team members with your accountant, your
spouse, or your employees, and being able to
access your reports and your books from anywhere
in the world. That's a non-negotiable. Ease of
use. It's got to have a good interface. You got
to have invoicing and recurring billing. You got
to have bank reconciliation. And then number 10,
security. Number nine, document attachments and
paperless workflow. Okay, this is cool. So, if
I were to launch this and start advertising the
features, I would list the non-negotiables
as number one. Yeah, I could probably be
successful if I launched a QuickBooks competitor
that touted the best security in the world,
but people aren't asking for that. So, ChatGpt
also gives us an opportunity map where a lean
competitor could win. Reliable, affordable
cloud accounting with rocksolid bank feeds.
Once again, the bank integrations cannot break.
Human- centered support, flexible reporting,

[16:03]
modular features, transparent pricing, okay?
Should you build a competitor? Speaking bluntly,
Chad GPT says the accounting software space
is crowded and mature, but the sheer amount
of dissatisfaction with QuickBooks and to a lesser
extent zero suggests a niche for a lean customer
focused alternative. Users crave stability, fair
pricing, responsive support, flexible reporting,
and reliable bank fees. A prudent strategy
might be to start with a niche vertical like
project-based service firms or nonprofits
and prove traction before expanding. Okay,
I like that report. Thank you, Chad GPT. We'll
save the best for last. Not that I'm biased, and
go to Perplexity next. All right, here's what I'm
talking about with Perplexity Labs. It leads off
with a bar graph. Top 10 pain points. Bank feed,
customer service, pricing. Boom. Top 10 musthaves
for both QuickBooks and Zero. Cloud access, bank
integration, user interface, and ease. This is

[17:03]
what we learned on Gummy Search and Chad GBT.
Executive summary. It's basically saying that
not having a reliable bank feed, not having good
customer service, and predictable pricing would
be dealreakers. You would fail if you didn't have
those things. This is really helpful. All right,
here's the reality check. Here's Perplexity's
take. You're not disrupting accounting software.
You're just building it properly. Both QuickBooks
and Zero are successful despite being terrible at
basic execution. If you can build reliable bank
feeds, provide human support, and maintain honest
pricing, you'll have thousands of frustrated users
ready to switch. Here's the thing about businesses
like these. There are 35 million people in America
that need one of these businesses, one of these
services. It's kind of a commodity and people
use the word commodity as a bad thing, but it's
not. Commodity equals massive market. Cotton is
a commodity because we all wear t-shirts. It does
not have to be a bad thing. It doesn't even have
to be a price competition. It can be a feature,

[18:04]
not a bug. The market is here. The pain is
real. The solutions are achievable. Bottom line,
this is a solid business for someone with the
technical chops and operational discipline to
outexecute the incumbents. With a 10x developer
and a proper focus on the top three pain points,
you can capture meaningful market share within
two to three years. Okay, let's see what Manis
says. Manis is still thinking. That is something
that kind of annoys me about Manis. It takes a
while. I'm sure it would be faster if I were on a
paid plan, but this is going to force me to go to
Claude next. Okay, Claude made me a nice little
document. small business accounting software,
the $19 opportunity. The core insight is that both
market leaders suffer from serving everyone and
therefore they are serving small businesses with
0 to 10 employees poorly. Okay. Top 10 ranked pain
points, bank feed reliability, payment processing
disasters. That's interesting. Customer support,
pricing transparency and increases, feature
complexity overload. I'm glad I said that. Okay.

[19:02]
And then the top 10 ranked must- have features.
Reliable bank reconciliation. It's essential. 90%
dependency. I love how it added a percentage
dependency and a percentage frequency on the
negatives. Simple invoicing with professional
appearance. That's essential. Expense tracking
and receipt capture. Basic financial reporting.
Multi-device access with real-time sync. Okay.
Opportunity map. Wedge. It says five specific
wedge opportunities. Wedge one. Bank feeds that
never break. Reliability guarantee. Wedge two. No
payment processor hostage situation. So users want
the ability to use different payment processors,
not only the one that QuickBooks or Zero uses
inhouse. Same day human support. Transparent
pricing forever. Small business only. Is this
opportunity viable? Says customer acquisition
will be expensive. Bank integration complexity is
significant. Feature creep pressure is inevitable.
But yes, this business could succeed by solving

[20:02]
real problems better than existing solutions.
Okay, Manis is still going. So, I'm going to
go ahead and show you how to build a very quick
landing page with an email flow. It is 4:08 p.m.
right now. Let my watch be the proof. Let's see
how long this takes. I use card cru.co for all
of my landing pages because it's like 50 bucks
a year for up to 25 different websites. I don't
know of anything even remotely as close to card
when it comes to affordability. Here's a bunch of
landing pages that I have. What I'm going to do,
I'm going to literally copy and paste a landing
page. I have a landing page here for busyju.com,
which is an energy drink idea that I have that
I've never launched. And all I do is click this
button, make a copy of this site. Copy. Sure.
Scroll up here. There it is. I'm going to click
on the site to edit it. I'm going to click floppy
disc title. Let's think of a name for this. If I
were to launch this business, let's call it lazy

[21:01]
books instead of QuickBooks. And we'll call it
bookkeeping for people who hate bookkeeping. Okay.
I don't want to do a card domain. I want to do a
custom domain cuz I'm a domain junkie. And let's
go ahead and say lazybooks.com. Is it available?
Yep. Okay. Now, huh. What do you know? As luck
would have it, if we go into my namecheep account,
I happen to own lazybooks.com because I paid $800
for it just last week. This is how easy it is to
connect a custom domain name from any register,
be it namecheep, GoDaddy, Cloudflare, whatever.
All right, I go into manage on my lazybooks.com
domain. I'm going to click on NameCheep basic
DNS. Click the green check box. Then I click on
advanced DNS. Add new record. Go back to card.
Card is telling me to add these two records.
A at and then that. Add new record. A at that.
Just like that. Go back to card. Came www. That.

[22:08]
Add new record came www. That. Click the green
checkbox. Done. I have now connected my custom
domain name with this card landing page. But I
haven't published a landing page yet. I'm going
to change this because this is irrelevant to this.
I'm going to write QuickBooks sucks Blazy Books
doesn't be notified below when it goes live. Not
the best copyrightiting in the world, but it'll
do. Change that to say email. Now I use Beehive
for my newsletter. I go into Beehive. Now, you can
use any number of these email services, Mailchimp,
Clavio, whatever. I just happen to use Beehive.
I need an API key and a publication ID. Click on
API. Create new API key. I'll call it Lazy Books.

[23:03]
Copy. Publication ID right there. Boom. Boom.
On completion, I just want to say thank you.
I'm going to collect UTM parameters. Collecting
UTM parameters just allows me to track within
Beehive which email addresses are coming from this
landing page so I can segment them and only bother
them once Lazy Books is ready to go. Then I click
save. Publish to a custom domain. Publish changes.
Boom. Okay. I started at what? 408. It's 416. So
that took me 8 minutes. Now I can start collecting
email addresses on a custom landing page on a
custom domain name that I bought. Also, while we
wait for this domain name to be ready, you need to
come check out tkowners.com. It's like 400 people
that are building cool stuff together, sharing
growth hacks, AI tools, tips, tricks. We have two
ask me anything per week. One with me, one with
someone else that knows a lot about cool business
stuff. Just come join us at tkowners.com. Okay.
And while we wait for my domain name to go live so

[24:05]
we can test if the email submission form works. If
you want to add pictures to this landing page, you
just click the plus button, text, image buttons.
Super easy. You just upload it right there. Copy,
paste. I'm not a software engineer. I'm not
technical. It's super easy to use. All right,
let's see if the website is ready. Boom. Look
at that. Lazybooks.com. There's the landing
page. Looks pretty cool. I'm going to do this.
Chris plus 443. By the way, if you put something
after the plus sign in an email address, it will
still go to the same place. Fun fact. Click that.
There's my pop-up that says thank you. We go into
Beehive. Click on subscribers. Boom. There it is.
Okay. And it worked. And if you haven't figured
it out by now, I'm actually going to launch this
business. I filmed this video because I actually
wanted to do this research. I bought the domain
name last week being optimistic that this
research would show me what I thought it

[25:00]
would show me because I've already been asking my
audience if they love or hate QuickBooks or Zero,
what they can live without, what they can't
live without. So, I paid 800 bucks for this
premium domain name. And I hit record while I
did the research to validate my decision. So,
if you're a business owner or an aspiring business
owner, please check out lazybooks.com. You can use
this exact landing page that you just watched me
build in real time and subscribe for notifications
and I'll tell you when it's live. 19 bucks a
month. It's not going to do the stuff that people
hate about QuickBooks and Zero. And it is going
to do the stuff that people love about QuickBooks
and Zero. And it's going to be AI enabled. So,
you can ask questions about your business, about
your financials. I'm going to have a simple toggle
button to change the language from accountant to
human cuz I don't speak accountant. I don't know
what a chart of accounts is, but my accountant
wants to know. He wants to see stuff like that.
So, it's going to have some cool little features,
but not any more than you really need to run your
business. It's going to be built for businesses
with 0 to 10 employees. So check out lazybooks.com
and thanks for watching the Kerner Office.