[00:00]
This is a one person business that can easily
make like 80 grand a month a,000%. There's
these companies that are coming to market now
where the AI avatars can hold physical products
in the videos. And that's a big deal. That
wasn't possible until recently. Traditionally,
it was like I would go I would hire a creator. I
used to pay them $100 per video. If you wanted to
generate 10 different ad variations, that's a
grand. So unscalable, too. It's unbelievable,
man. In contrast, now I can go and I can
generate a,000 different pieces of creative
with 10 different people. You're just a curator.
You're just like picking the winners. Over 60% of
B2B businesses run a webinar every month. Perfect.
You now have all the leads you could ever want.
It's four grand and it's like literally
all you're doing is transcript cla Canva.
I have to hear about this Shopify idea. So,
we've been experimenting with AI avatars for
a long time. What do you mean by that? So, AI
avatars are like hey genen. They're like arc
ads basically like it's like a human that like you
know UGC content traditionally it was like I would
go userenerated content user generated content I
would go and I would hire a creator I mean I would

[01:02]
pay them I used to pay them $100 per video like
it's crazy would send them the physical product
and we'd be like all right here's the script right
they read the script one time no variations like
no they just that's it then we would take that
and we would run ads on it so like if you wanted
to generate you know 10 different ad variations
That's That's a grand. So unscalable, too. It's
unbelievable, man. It was unbelievable. And so
like there was all these companies that came
into existence where it's like they had creators
on staff that were like different, you know, and
and basically like it was just like a a UGC like
farm. Yeah. Farm is really what it turns into.
Yeah. Where this idea comes from, the origin of
it is just recently there's these companies that
are coming to market now where AI avatars can hold
products. They can hold physical products in the
videos. And that's a big deal because we've had
AI advertised for a couple years now. Avatars that
wasn't possible until recently. Exactly. So like
one of these companies is make UGC.ai. This is

[02:00]
an example of them. What they do is you basically
upload you pick a creator like from their catalog
of creators, you know, their AI avatars. And then
you upload photos of the product and then they go
and they basically like make this composite
of their creator and the product. And so this
person can literally like talk about the product
that they're holding in the hand. So, let's break
down what's happening here. So, I used to have to
go and I would have to find creators. I would have
to go I would have to send them the product. I
would have to harass them to actually get to shoot
the video, right? Like with the product because
they're just weren't running a real business. They
haven't got it yet. Exactly. Exactly. And then I
would only get one variation of the script like so
I can't do hook tests. I can't do all of this
other stuff. So that whole thing just took So
half the time you're like great, this sucks. You
suck at it. This sucks. This sucks. I just did,
you know, I spent three weeks or two weeks getting
this done. I did that with 10 different people.
Like, think about the time that's invested in
that. And I dropped a grand and one of them out
of the 10 hit, right? Because that's always how
it is. All right. So, in contrast, now I can go

[03:01]
and I can generate a thousand different pieces of
creative with 10 different, you know, people. So,
100 different hooks. I'm testing a 100 different
scripts and they're holding the product. I don't
have to mail any product. And that's what you can
do now with these tools. That's like where this
idea like this the origin of this comes from.
So the angle I think you could go after though
is and let me show you the data on this because
it's I think it's really like insightful to see
the search volume increases for AI. Yeah, that's
it. Okay, so this is the search volume for this.
So Oh wow. You can see this here. Since this time
last year, it's gone from 1,600 in search volume
a month to 4,300 in search volume a month over
a year. So, Forex, it's Forex, Chris. Yeah. I'm
over here and I'm like, "All right, this is a huge
problem. Who has the biggest problem?" Like brands
that they need the creator to hold the thing. So,
I'm going to go and I'm going to make an agency
and all we specialize in it's going to be in those
like these consumable products, right? And so,

[04:02]
how do I go supplements. Exactly. All of them. And
so then I would be like, "Okay, cool." Like what
percent of e-commerce is supplements? Just to like
understand, you know, the size of this market.
All right. Cool. So e-commerce representative. So
supplements 8.4. Yeah. You know, 15% of e-commerce
sales is supplements. So that means that one out
of 10 e-commerce companies are supplement grants.
So if I cold email 10 people, one of them will be
a supplements company, right? That's kind of the
best. And it's it's a great category because the
margins are high and it's recurring. You like you
get to have your cake and eat it, too. Exactly.
Exactly. So the business opportunity here is you
basically go and you say, "Hey, like we'll make
ads for you, Facebook ads." And the meta around
this is that Facebook has gotten so good at
targeting the people that are most likely to
make the purchase that what the best brands are
doing right now is they just do broad targeting

[05:01]
on Facebook and set up a conversion event.
Exactly. And set up a conversion event for
the like payment action and then all they're
focusing on is the ad creative. like they go
and they test like how do I test a hundred pieces
of ad creative a month and so what you would do
as a as a service provider for this business for
this this AI avatar UGC for beauty e-com sorry for
supplement e-commerce brands you would go to them
and be like hey I'm going to make you you know
again we'll just say 25 pieces of creative a week
we're going to do all the research on hooks we're
going to generate all the videos we're going to
do all the edits we're going to deliver the that
media to you and then you just give us a dashboard
of like, you know, showing us what's working and
what's not and then we'll just like learn from
what we do. So every week you get a delivery of
25 videos and then we go and we make the next 25
based off of the high performers. Yeah. You don't
even run the ads channel. You don't do anything
else. You just offer that deliverable. Super
simple. All this can be done. I mean, this is a
one person business that can easily make like 80

[06:01]
grand a month. Like a,000%. I I I I guarantee that
they could do this. And they don't need to fire
their ads agency. You're not really competing with
them. You're helping them, not competing with them
whatsoever. You're you're providing value to them.
All you're doing is just giving them, you know,
more creative for them to test. And the creative
maybe it's not as good as if they go hire a human,
but I don't care about that. If I test, three are
going to rip. Three are I guarantee you three are
going to outperform the rest of them. And then
those three, I'd then go to a creator. I'm like,
"Okay, creator, I already know this is a winning
format. Remake this human. Like, make this better
like with with your skill sets that you know." So
they have a, you know, whatever creator that they
work with regularly or maybe they're on staff
already. They go and they recreate those best
performers. All you're doing is just making
more surface area for this learning to happen
for this category. So, oh my gosh. And then reach
out. Super simple again, right? It's like go find
e-commerce companies that are selling supplements.
Figure out who the founders are. What's great is
like a lot of these companies like maybe they do
10 million a year, but it's like five people. You

[07:01]
just email all five of them. You're like, "Cool, I
made you some ads. Here's here's five examples of
the ads that I can make for you. Right? I already
did research on like what are the pain points that
your product solves. Here's literal actual ads
that are in a Google Drive folder. You just open
this Google Drive folder. You're going to see five
ads of the of the hundred that I can make. You
know, the hundreds a month that I can make. Yeah.
What's great about these guys is their biggest
budget outside of the actual product that they're
making is ads. Like they're marketing. These
supplement e-commerce brands are spending like
double digit percentage of their revenue on ads.
And so one framework is like I want to sell to
people that don't like that aren't already running
ads. No, you want to find people that are addicted
to ads because they're addicted to ads and like
it's a bigger market. Like you're not going to
convince people to start running ads. You want to
find people that already know that ads work and
offer them something better. 100%. Real quick,
please subscribe to my channel. I know it's kind
of lame to ask, but it means a lot. Thanks. Again,
they're doing this already. you're just doing it
at a scale and a volume that they once is cheaper

[08:02]
and it's faster. And like again, this is like you
probably charge 5K a month for this easily if not
more. Like I know there's agencies that charge
like eight grand a month for like 10 videos,
dude. Like are you kidding me? Yeah. Getting 10 at
bats. Like think about that. Like I'm only getting
10 at bats. What happens if I get a 100 at bats?
But I'm still hitting, you know, only 200. Well,
let's say one of the 10 is just a banger. It's
going to be stale in two months. 100%. So,
and that's why this is recurring thing. When I
say a like a one per one person can go and build
this company. What I'm really talking to is like
a single person can go and like say you wanted to
make a million a year off this, right? That's 80
grand, you know, a month. So, if you're doing five
grand a month, you just need 16 clients, right?
So, you're just managing 16 clients every week.
You you you deliver 25 ads. You can make 25 ads
in two hours. Yeah. Right. So, let's just break
that down. So 16 time two. So you're working 32
hours per week. You're making a million a year.

[09:01]
And then all this turns into is like you just make
sure the deliverables show up. You make sure you
like provide what you're promised, right? Etc.
And like this is again like a very simple easy
business that somebody can go start and you're
using the AI automation like you're using this
like the NAND stuff that you know the make.com
stuff that you've learned like to build out these
pieces of creative like doing the research writing
the scripts like all that's just like where the
AI can fit into this. The production process is
where AI is like most valuable. The job of the
human is like you're just a curator. You're just
like picking the winners. Maybe you go and you
generate 50 and you're like, "All right, cool. Out
of these 50, what are the most, you know, what are
the most what are the best bangers?" It's like,
"Cool. Here's the 25 I'm actually going to give
to the client." And then maybe there's like five
extra that you're like, "Oh, they're pretty good."
So you you throw that in as a kickback. It's like,
"Hey, John, like here's five extra this week, too.
I threw some in there for you just cuz I thought
they were all all right. It cost me nothing." And
and they're like, "Oh my god, like I just got this
incredibly high value for this." Right? And again,
they all they're looking is for that consistency
and for something that it's the research piece,

[10:05]
right? understanding like the the pain points
of the customer and like the product. That's the
hardest part of this. But say you're building like
uh you know, I don't know like what's a what's
a supplement that's probably like going to go
viral soon. Like creatine gummies. Yeah, creatine
gummies as an example. Like okay, cool. What are
all the But I would niche down. I would be like,
you know, maybe it's creatine gummies for like
long distance runners that are women, right? Cool.
Like very specific category, but it's big enough
that you go after it. So it's like cool. What are
what are the pain points that creatine gummies
solve for long-distance runners that are women?
And it's like, boom, here's this list of things.
All right. Now, go scrape Reddit for quotes. So,
people talking about taking creatine gummies for
long-distance runners for women. Sweet. I got
these quotes. All right. Now, cool. Build hooks
and content based off these quotes. Bam. Boom.
I've got my scripts. I've now got this like whole
agency built on the top of this. So, yeah. Okay.
You're kind of like an expert at finding ideas on
Reddit. I would love to hear what your process is

[11:04]
to. It's kind of like, you know, having a magic
lamp and getting three wishes. And with Reddit,
you can wish for unlimited more wishes. You can
find all the business ideas you'd ever want. So,
you want to tell us what your secret sauce
is there? Yeah, it's not complicated. Like, I
literally just use Perplexity, right? Like I just
use I go to perplexity and I prompt something like
what are the main pain points you know med spas
have in growing the business Reddit. Okay just the
word Reddit like literally just that you could do
deep research on this too. So like using like you
know their their deep research modes but what this
is going to do is it's basically going to go and
scrape Reddit for like what is the what are the
things that are their problems right cool client
acquisition and retention okay can I do something
around that maybe high operating and startup costs

[12:01]
yeah I don't want to do that I don't want to get
into the financing space staffing and employee to
turn turnover oh that's interesting they're having
staffing issues could I build a staffing pipeline
for them over reliance on discount platforms Okay,
that sounds like a huge problem like Groupon. So,
it sounds, you know, I take a look at this and
I'm like lead genen is hard for med spas. It's
immediately what I come to. I'm like, can I
figure out how to do lead genen for med spas?
And then I go and I go down that rabbit hole and
I start to identify so like what's the customer
lifetime value of a med spa lead and I start to
understand like what's the value of this person,
right? And so they come eight, you know,
we'll say four to eight times per year.
So insane, which means you can charge a lot.
You can charge a lot, right? And so it's like
cool. The number ends up being about five grand,
right? Is like what you showed off the top of my
head. So you got five grand to play with of the
customer lifetime value of that person. So if
you get a lead for them at a thou, you know, a
paying customer for them at like $1,000 a piece,

[13:00]
like that probably works, right? Like that's
a rorowaz, you know, a rorowaz of about 5x,
which is is is pretty healthy. Yeah. Yeah. Then
I would be like, "How do people buy, you know,
you know, pick med spas that they go to?" Like
social, you know, what else? So then I'd be like,
"Cool." Like we're going to identify the social.
It's probably going to be Instagram, right? You
know, it is already going to be Instagram or and
Facebook. Like social proof and reviews. Okay.
So immediately I think that's Google Maps and
that's like you know social word of mouth and
referrals and you're like oh cool so I could
layer on a service where I do like I encourage
word of mouth. So like can we make an incentive
for when somebody goes to this place and if they
post on social we give them a discount or we like
incentivize referrals strong social presence. So
maybe social media management is like a comp you
know business we could build that's only focusing
on med spas reputation and cra staff credentials.
I don't want to touch anything in staff. So,

[14:01]
you know, I stay away from that facility standards
and ambiance. Okay. So, cleaning I can start start
a cleaning business for this company. Right? So,
this is basically like how you can uncover based
off of the real conversations that people are
having in these public forums. What are their pain
points? Once I've identified their pain points,
that's easy, man. I like building a business
is easy once you know a thing that people hate
doing and you come in and be like, you pay me,
I do the thing you hate. That's all a business. A
business is two things at its core. It is you have
something people want to buy and you can sell it,
right? Yeah. And you sell it by speaking to their
problems. Yes. Their most painful problems first.
Could you scroll back up to the top? Yep. One one
line that I read that I can't get out of my head
is over reliance on discount platforms. Like I I
prefer when I'm running deep research and I want
to go really deep, I prefer chat GPT for that. So,
I would like niche down even more and I would
take that and go to Chad GBT and find like I
want you to tell me find every complaint you can
find and like you did I'll give it references. Go

[15:03]
to Reddit, go to Instagram, go to Facebook groups,
Facebook mark everything and then say uh find me
all the instances of people complaining about over
reliance on discount platforms as a med spa owner,
right? Yep. And then you can build your whole
offer around that. Then like when you do cold
outreach to these guys, it's not like, "Hey,
would you like more leads?" It's like, "Hey,
are you sick of relying on Groupon too much and
getting the worst customers in your community?"
And they're like, "Huh, how did you know
that?" You know? Yep. And every one of them,
every one of them is going to have that
problem, right? Yeah. Or at least half of them,
right? So half the people you reach out to,
dude. Or Cody, what we could do is we could
build an NN template to go to Groupon and
Living Social and scrape every med spot.
reference
number.
Your customers are worth $5,000. Would you pay
me $300 if I found you a new one? You know,

[16:05]
it's perfect. Like look at this. Group rarely
rebook and even or even after positive experience.
That's like what it pulls from Instagram and
Reddit. Yeah. It's like, okay, like are highly
opinionated and quick to leave negative reviews on
the platform. So, it's terrible, terrible customer
types. You could talk to that. Like, Groupon gets
you terrible customers. I get you good customers.
Like, there's literally your subject line. You
probably get a 20% response rate and suddenly like
you have, you know, a business. I don't know what
this is. It's probably just like running Facebook
ad. We could actually figure out what that is
though. It could be a high level. It could just
be a wrapping a high level automation. Yep. Or,
you know what I'm saying? Totally. Totally. But
you could do something. What are the demographics?
What Yeah. What are the demographics of people who
buy med spa services? And it's going to tell you
it's going to be probably like 25 to 45 year old
women. Yeah. 30 to 50. 45% of them. They're high
income individuals. So you know, okay, when I see

[17:06]
this, immediately what I think is I'm going to
target women that are 30 to 50 in the highest,
you know, the top 5% of income with Facebook ads.
I'm going to run Facebook ads to those people
talking about each of the individual services.
And then the other component of this is like,
okay, I know it's like geography specific. Where
do the richest people live in my town? and how do
I go and optimize the med spa Google Maps listings
so that they show up better like in those areas,
right? And how you do that is basically you build
like a good profile with um like the keywords are
in the name and the description and the service
offerings have photos of the interior so it looks
gorgeous and then do directory listings. Right?
So what a directory listing is is basically like
you get the e the name, the address and the phone
number. You take that and you go and you submit

[18:00]
that to Map Quest, to Foursquare, to Yelp, to all
of these websites that are direct like, you know,
business directory listing websites. When all of
that matches, you're then going to show up higher
within Google Maps when somebody searches Med
Spa near me when they're in their geography. So,
let's just like look at that right now, right?
Like we can say like Med Spa San Francisco.
I have watched too many entrepreneurs spend months
perfecting their business plan only to discover
their perfect domain name got snatched up while
they were researching options. Every single day,
thousands of perfect domain names disappear
forever. Gone to businesses that moved fast
while others sat around just thinking about it.
Here's what's happening right now. Online domains
are the last frontier for getting exactly what
you want. The word online gets searched over 500
million times per month. That's built-in SEO power
most people don't even realize they're missing.
But this window is closing fast. 3 1/2 million
businesses already figured this out. They went

[19:00]
and grabbed their perfectonline domain name while
it was still available while everyone else was out
there stuck trying to find something decent that
ended with. Right now, Kerner Office fans can use
code kerner to get theironline domain name at just
99 cents for the first year at get.online. The
clock is ticking. Domains are disappearing. What
are you waiting for? Check out online today. Now,
if I search that on Google, this is the Google
Maps pack, right? This is a sponsored listing. And
then there's three here that show up organically.
Yep. These three get the majority of all clicks.
Everything basically goes there. Yep. So, your
job is to rank this higher. What I just told you,
it's called local SEO. So, yeah, questions around
that I can try to answer. No, I uh if I show you
what I have pulled up on my screen here, I have
uh I just went to my one of my favorite websites,
trends.google.com, typed in Medspa. I think
we've got a title wave on our hand. I mean,
yep, Medspas are blowing up. Like, it's just all
else equal. If you launch any type of lead genen

[20:02]
business, you want to do it in a growing industry.
I love just zooming out a little bit. I love the
concept of deep research, six bullet points, take
one, deep research, a new brand new prompt, and
just keep diving down and down and down. So like I
would go to Chad GPT after I already learned from
Perplexity and say find me five businesses that
are crushing it with Medpa lead genen. Okay, which
one is crushing it the most? How are they growing?
Okay, this guy, John's Medspile leadgen.com. Cool.
Then you go new prompt, new deep research prompt
in a different window and and say,"I want you
to tell me every freaking thing you can about
this guy's growth strategy, marketing strategy,
pricing. How has his pricing changed over time?
What did his landing page look like on day one
versus today?" And like you just keep drilling
down these deep research prompts until you have a
perfect playbook of exactly what to copy. How does
he fulfill? Is he white labeling something like
high level? Is he doing it himself? Is he using
local SEO? And just don't reinvent the wheel.
Just copy it 100%. And that those are the best
businesses to start, right? But for some reason,

[21:03]
like people, it's really interesting to me, Chris,
because like when we think about local businesses,
like people are really comfortable with like
I'm going to start a window washing company or
like I'm going to start a like, you know, a power
washing company. And it's like they don't think
about internet businesses in the same way though
for some reason. And it drives me crazy. Like you
can like just like for example most uh cities
in the US that are like tier one cities have
like 80 plus window washing companies that exist
and they all make money at different levels right
but for some reason we don't think about internet
businesses in the same way where it's like there
can be you know a thousand red fin scrapers
and they all can make money in some capacity
some will just be better than others right and so
I I just challenge like you know your audience to
think about all of these online businesses in that
way where it's like it can just be like a small
little thing that does a couple grand a month but
it's entirely automated. You have no staff for it
and just like Stripe revenue comes in and hits
your bank account week over week. So Oh man. All

[22:03]
right. So webinars over 60% of B2B businesses run
a webinar every month as a marketing strategy. So
that's like one out of two companies in the US
run a webinar. Wow. I had no idea. It's crazy.
It's like it's basically every company and then if
you go like scale it up to a year it's like every
company basically runs a webinar once a year. So
they have this you know strategy everybody's doing
it. So it's very broad. You could basically cold
email every email you know every marketer like
anybody that does marketing and their job title
at these companies and be like give you know pitch
them this offer. So the offer is basically turning
webinars into ebooks, so lead magnets that people
download that grows the email list so that they
can promote the webinar to that email list in the
future. So it's basically just like flywood. Yeah.
So you you host webinars, you turn that webinar
into written content PDFs, you post on LinkedIn
about the insights from the webinars, you know,
here's the 10 things that are the insights from
that webinar. It's like if you want this free PDF

[23:02]
comment guide, right? This is you you see this
everywhere on LinkedIn right now. This is the
reason people are doing it. So they comment guide
you go and you send them the webinar sorry you
send them the lead mag or the form for the lead
magnet. They have to give you their email to get
the lead magnet. You get that Phantom Buster for
this. You can do Phantom Buster for this which
is a automation tool. A lot of the times people
just have VAS do it because it's just it ends up
being better and kind of like more of a nurturing
thing. Or what they do is they have a sales rep
sitting on LinkedIn for anybody that commented and
that sales rep. It's high ticket. It's worth your
time. It's high ticket stuff. It's worth their
time. This person is just like raised their hand
like this is this is interesting to me, right?
Like that's their buyer signal that they're like,
you know, passing on to you, right? So they do
that. Then what this turns into why this is so
valuable is that email that you they get. You put
them into a drip ner for your your your company,
whatever it is that you're trying to sell. But
you also grow the list for your future webinars.
So the next time the company has a webinar, they
send out, hey, this webinar is like, you know,

[24:02]
ready and like we're hosting it and you basically
are like as with the person that's providing the
service, you are so close to revenue. And it's
also something that they wish that they could
do but just they don't have the time for, right?
Like they're already slammed with all of this. If
you go to them and it's no lift for you, right?
You you literally go to YouTube and you look up
like webinar like on YouTube like we we do it
right now. Hold on. Let me let me bring it up.
I'll screen share and we'll do it right now. So
we go to YouTube, right? And we're like webinar
and then I'm going to go and I'm going to filter
by people that have posted webinars this week
and I'm going to do, you know, over 20 minutes. So
these long like Great. Perfect. Yeah, you now have
all the leads you could ever want. And I would say
don't be turned off by videos that have 604 views.
That's not the point. Scace research agent for
smarter research. Are you kidding me? This is like

[25:01]
exactly what you want. Cool. I just went on their
email address, right? I cold email them. Hey,
I turn webinars into ebooks for lead magnets for
LinkedIn. Is that interesting? I reach out. I take
the I take the company name. I go find them on
Apollo. I find all of their emails on Apollo of
the marketers that work at that company. I cold
email them with that instantly strategy that we
talked about previously. I go to LinkedIn. I DM
all them. I be like, "Hey, I I saw you posted this
webinar last week. I turned it into an ebook lead
magnet for you. Here it is for free. If you want
me to do this for every webinar that you guys do,
I offer this as a service. Is that interesting?"
You're going to get responses. You're going to
get people that come back. This is such an easy
business. And the strategy here is you're just
taking the transcript of the episode. You're
going to claude like we'll just do it right
now, right? Yeah. I'm gonna take this. Cool.
This guy talked about, you know, something got
a thousand views. That's like a pretty good one,
right? I'm going to go I'm going to take this
transcript. I just go over to Claude and I say,
"Make an ebook. Write an write an ebook based off
this transcript with like the key insights and key

[26:03]
takeaways from it." Well, and here's the thing,
like most of these companies know how to do what
you're selling to them. So, don't be turned off
by that. like, "Oh, that I'm not doing anything."
It doesn't matter. They also know how to take
out their trash, but they still hire a trash
lady. They know how to scrub their floors, but
there's still a company there in their office in
the middle of the night scrubbing floors. Like,
they need a job to be done, and they might not
have even thought about doing this. They probably
haven't even thought about doing this before. So,
the chance of you pitching them with this idea
and them saying, "I'm not going to pay you,
but I'm going to do this myself." Is almost
zero. And if they do do it, who cares, right?
You're emailing a lot of people. I love that about
it. The second thing I love love love about it is
how many people do you think are going to YouTube
to that random science channel that has almost no
subscribers looking for their email and pitching
them? Almost none, right? Because that YouTube
channel is on no one's radar but ours for this
idea. No one cares about webinars but us, right?

[27:00]
You tell me half of the companies in the world.
They're so unsexy. It is such a perfect business.
This is the thing that I don't think people get
is like the more unsexy the thing is and like the
more like not cool it is that is where you just
that is the we talk about sweaty startups we talk
about all this like this is where you make money
on online businesses is doing stuff like this that
is like super high value also their budgets are
insane you could go and be like hey it's a grand a
webinar right we make an ebook for each and it's
a grand per so they host four webinars a month
it's four brands and you just make an ebook for
them and it's like literally all you're doing is
transcript claude Canva. That's the pricing model
you charge per webinar. Absolutely. I would have
it be like a probably there's two angles where
it's like an unlimited where it's like, you know,
eight grand a month and we'll do as many webinars
because then we'll work your back catalog too or
you have it where it's like a cost per webinar,
right? And it's like you have it be on brand and

[28:01]
you have it be and all you're doing is just giving
them this lead like giving them this lead magnet,
right? And so many brands want this. They they
they don't know how to do social. They don't
know how to get leads from social. And that combo
of like webinar insights lead magnet. Yeah. Email
lists. Drip nurture more people on lists for when
I promote next webinar creates this flywheel.
Right. These companies do webinars because they're
insanely effective. Oh, they work. They 100% work.
That's the only reason they're doing them, right?
Why are they doing a webinar a week? It's such
production. I I ran this at a company called Rupa
Health. Like we we ended up like taking a we had a
live course series. We do it every Wednesday and
we took it from like non-existent. When I left,
there was 4,000 people per webinar that
were joining, right? So, I mean, just crazy,
right? The whole strategy was basically this. like
we used social and other tactics to basically like
build an email newsletter and then every week at
the same time on Wednesdays we would host the new
like a webinar. I think the automation is a
key part of this. Like using Phantom Buster,

[29:01]
it's like 50 bucks a month. You can you use that
to collect the emails and as far as they know,
you've got someone manually standing by.
They don't know how to use Phantom Buster.
Like they might know how to like run it through
ChatGpt. They've never heard of Phantom Buster,
right? So I think that's like a key kind of
intellectual quote unquote intellectual property
aspect of this. But another thing that you could
do if you want like some network effects or some
like some viral growth built into it is say, "All
right, say it's a 2,000 bucks a month. I will also
charge you a,000 bucks a month. I'll cut my price
in half. All you have to do is let me use your
emails to sell my webinar services to the people
that sign up for the webinars." Because who's
joining these webinars? People that work for other
companies that are also hosting webinars. So, you
could built in more customer acquisition through
your customers. Does that make sense? 100%. 100%.
I I mean it's like also once you do it for one of
these companies you're like hey name we make lead
magnets like imagine this like LinkedIn reachout
strategy like hey name we make lead magnets for X
company right like it got this many downloads last
month like can we do this for you right and it's

[30:04]
like they go they look at the company's website
or sorry their company's LinkedIn and they're like
oh yeah they're posting about webinars and here's
this lead magnet and I just downloaded it so like
I just validated I just have all this social proof
right and so you can like you probably can build
within an industry as well like go deep on like
you only do biotech or you only do you know cyber
security or like what you know just pick a
just pick a category because then when you
reach out and there's these names that like you
reference all these people will like know that
name within that category right so I think that's
something that like a lot of like people go and
they start an SEO agency it's like no we do SEO
for e-commerce companies that are beauty brands
yes right yes yeah there's enough that you can do
that Right. And you can you can do the same thing
for the webinar thing. Oh, okay. Quick question.
What if there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only
for business starters and business builders. It's
called TK owners and it's basically like having me

[31:04]
and 100 other business geniuses as your business
partner. Also, there's going to be exclusive new
trends, growth hacks, business ideas, and a
database of everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case studies.
You'll have weekly ask me anythings with me
while I'll answer your questions directly. You can
join now at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
You talked about an airline deals aggregator
business idea. You still like that idea? I do
like this idea. I want the time to do this. I've
like I've written like half of the script for it,
which is hilarious. But I'll give you the the
very like simple version and then the more complex
version. So the simple version of this. Do you
remember Scott's cheap flights? Oh yeah. I was a
subscriber. It was like 70 bucks a year. Yeah,
totally. It's now going or some terrible name
that's amorphous and I didn't know they changed
it. Yeah, it's like going.com or something. But
going.com. Yeah. So, their whole thing though was
they would find flights that were just like cheap.

[32:00]
And I don't think that's what people actually
want. I think what people actually want is they
want flights that are cheap from where they live.
And so, the opportunity here is basically like
niching down even further where it's like, okay,
like say you live in Dallas. So, you go and you
can go to Google Maps. I already love it. And you
set up a listener on or sorry on Google Flights,
not Google Maps. I'll show you how to do this
right now. We'll do this live right now. So,
you can go to Google Flights and you'd say like
uh San Francisco, right? Let's just do Dallas
because we were talking about it. Dallas flights.
So, I'm going to do uh Dallas. We'll just say uh
like every major city you're going to go and set
this up, but we'll just say London to begin with,
right? Dallas to London. So, basically what you're
trying to do is just like any time in the future
that a flight from Dallas to London gets cheap, I
want you to just email me and I don't know if it's
going to let me do this or let me show this. Dude,
this idea is so good. I can't even sit still. Cuz

[33:00]
you just you just copy and paste this business
in any market. like you launch it in Dallas,
you crash, get your playbook, just Facebook ads
to a form where it's like it could be Facebook ads
to a beehive, right? And like you just email them
when new deals drop and they can only see the most
the past deals, right? Because these you you hide
all the most recent ones these deals only or you
hide the best deals, right? Totally. Like I'm just
picturing in my head like you show all the ones
that are like 20% off or less, but if it's like
21 or or more gray down it's down at the bottom.
Sorry, I missed it. So, I can do any dates, track
prices. Yes. So, this is now turned on technically
actually. So, you hit this any dates button and
now my email, which I'm not going to show you
is associated with that. Yeah. So, you basically
what you do is you go set up a Google account and
have it be like Dallas.com and then you turn on
for every geography Dallas to London, Dallas to
Barcelona, Dallas to Amsterdam, Dallas to Tokyo,
whatever, right? You turn this flight tracking on

[34:03]
for any dates, it's going to email you when those
any future times it's going it drops. Okay. You
then in that email, you set up a listener. It
basically just like takes the the information,
copies it over into the email newsletter, and then
the monetization strategy is you have them pay the
subscription, whatever it's $10 a month or 100,
you know, $80 a year or whatever. And then every
time that a new like flight drops that is cheap,
an email goes out to that audience and you can
probably get kickbacks from those those companies
as well like by driving that revenue for them. And
then the other side of it is you can probably sell
ads across this whole network. So imagine you do
this for all the major cities in the US. You then
go aggregate that you're like cool I've got a list
of a million people across the US that we know
like to travel and it's like you know some hotel
chain wants to do promotion. you go and sell an
ad slot across every one of these newsletters for,
you know, that whole year, etc. And that's such an
easy business. I wish I had more time. I want to

[35:03]
do this super bad. And it's you could set it up in
like a weekend. Oh, that's such a good business.
And look, let me uh share my screen. I went to
namecheep dallasflights.com. $11. There it is. Who
wants it? Who's going to be the first to grab it?
Like, it's just we don't need to overthink it. No.
You don't need to think of some fancy name. Go get
an LLC, business plan, just buy a domain. Also,
it would be so easy to rank that website like
Dallas T flights. It would be so easy to rank
that website for that keyword phrase, dude.
10. You're right. And if you want to further
ensure your success, give them a no-brainer offer.
Make it a yearly membership. Cuz like I love just
copying pricing models. Like Scott's cheap flights
was $72 a year for like a decade, right? And I'm
sure they tested that. I'm sure it's better than
monthly because if you're monthly, people churn
when they don't see a flight they like, right? So,
let's say you're $72 for a year. You could even
work in a guarantee that says not if you don't
like see a deal good enough, but if you don't go

[36:00]
on a flight from us, then we'll give you a full
refund in a year. And how many people are going
to remember to ask for a refund in a year? 100%.
None. But how many people are going to use that
offer to increase the likelihood of them buying? A
lot. 100%. It's also like this is an aspirational
action, right? Like people aspire to go travel.
They're buying the dream. You're selling them the
dream. You're selling them the dream for whatever
$72 a year, right? We can actually look this up.
I'm curious what's Scott going. That's such a
good idea. going.com revenue per year. Yeah. And
then you just make a then you make a directory and
you just list all these sites on your directory.
Exactly. Exactly. So going.com makes 35 million a
year. Like that's the scale that this came into,
right? 2020 company known as Scots Cheap Flights
reported 3.8 million. And then going, they
basically repositioned it into going. It looks
like it does say does about 35 a year now. So this
is the like scale this can get to if you like do
this well. So we're just unbundling it. Yep. 100%.
And you're making it specific and like it's just
a you know, you just run a funnel. Like I would

[37:00]
just start with all the major cities and then
just like run a funnel for all of them. Again,
all this can be automated. It's just like it's an
email that's getting emailed to an inbox and then
like you just take that email and basically like
rewrite it into your email format using AI link
out to the specific like the flight and like
that's the whole that is the whole thing and
it's just a subscription revenue to begin with
and you go sell ad slots once you get big enough
you could literally automate the entire thing end
to end company that does 20 million a year like
a thousand% you know I mean it would take some
time you'd need a little bit of capital but this
could 100% do that so also I know this tactic for
nextdoor marketing that might be interesting to
your audience. Let's talk about all of the things.
I'm not going to I'm not if you're cooking,
I'm not going to stop. I'm not going to turn your
burner off if happy to go there. I know we were
saying digital, but there's uh I know this kid
who's like 18 that's just running up a lawn care
business right now and it's like entirely only
nextdoor marketing. He has no no social paid
organic. No, it's organic. He just goes and he
does that. He does lawn care in a neighborhood

[38:05]
and he does before and after pictures. It's all he
does. And he's like, "I just did x house in your
neighborhood, right? And this is the before and
after and if you want this like message me." And
because you know Terry next door got his lawn
done. He's like, "Oh, I see the lawn. It looks
great." Oh my gosh. And then he gets he gets all
this inbound from that. like a like Chris, I'm
talking like a ridicul like a ridiculous amount
of inbound because there's this social proof
built in. I was just gonna say that. I was just
gonna start listing off all the first principles
of why this works. Totally. It's like he has
immediate authority because if someone's like,
"Okay, one 123 Maple. A real person lives there."
I don't think he's lying about that. There's the
before and after. It matches what the house I
think it looks like. And it just has all those
things. Imagine like a like a neighborhood that's
one of those track homes, too, right? That's like
the circular like if you go to one of those
I I mean if I was if I was trying to like be

[39:02]
like okay I need to make 50 grand this summer
like in the next 3 months right or whatever.
It depends on where you live in the US, right?
But you could go and just door knock and be like,
"Hey, can I do your lawn for free?" Somebody's
going to say, "Yes, and then you just do a before
and after post." Be like, "I just did, you know,
exouses lawn." Yes. And like if you want this,
dude, just message me and like that is a business
literally overnight. Like you you would that is it
all you would have to do. So, I've actually
talked about this idea on this podcast,
like the same idea where doing a job for free just
so you could ethically tell your neighbors that
you did their house, but you just like scaled it
with by integrating next door, right? Because that
whole stick works. Like anytime some roofer knocks
on my house, he's telling me, "Yeah, we just did
the" And he's probably lying. Like, I don't know
my neighbor's names, right? If you could do this
ethically, even better. Totally. Totally. I have
a headache. That was so good. I uh that's always a
good thing. Hopefully presides some value to your
your audience. So I know a lot of times I'm just

[40:02]
rambling. So no, this is this is amazing. Cody,
where can everyone find you? We'll we'll tag your
YouTube channel. Where else can we find you? Both
on uh pretty active on LinkedIn and Twitter just
kind of sharing all my learnings there. Want to
use Graph? Go to graph.com. You can sign up for
free. Basically, you plug in your data and you can
just chat with it. Be like, "Show me revenue by,
you know, product category from Shopify." you know
what search terms are performing best on Google
ads and it just builds out that dashboard for you
in real time. You don't have to learn anything
plain English to your data analytics. So, okay,
thank you. Okay, is Cody the best or what? Let
me know in the comments if we should have him
on again. Thanks for hanging out on the Kerner