[00:00]
Using the subcontractor model, you can make over
a million dollars a year of net profit. Yes,
you can. The fastest way to start making
some good healthy profits is to subcontract
it. Installation machine and all that.
You don't even need to own that. No,
they have their own equipment. It's a 30inut
install, but you can sell those for $1,200. If
we focus just on every home selling air scrubber,
we could sell a million a year of them. Okay,
now we're talking. There's a lot of money
in duct work. dip your toe in the water
with duck pitting and it could branch into
to something where now you're looking at
$10,000 tickets. Our average ticket is right
around 10 grand. You're kind of selling fear
of money maker? So, insulation removal and then
obviously reinsulating. I mean, we're both those
services we're at over a million on on the year.
And then duct a seal, duct sealing is our third

[01:00]
biggest. So, but naturally, we're going to get up
in the attic. We're going to see how old their AC
unit is. And then that's when we'll come down and
sometimes offer a new AC unit. Are you using like
tools to see if like cool air is leaking out in
the attic and like infrared stuff? Yep. So all of
our cells are have the infrared cameras and I love
stuff like that because it's it provides such a
perfect visual and you're like listen don't listen
to me just look at the data you know show them
the picture of like the glowing red and yellow
and they're like oh my they just see like their
money like burning up. Yeah. Right. So we do every
single one of our sales guys has an infrared even
our you know project managers and stuff have that.
We'll have them turn on the AC unit right when we
get there or the heater depending on the time of
year. And then we'll go get some images of the
duct work. We'll even pull aside some insulation
and we'll see through like their can lights and
some of the areas that they're leaking in their
attic. We'll show them the thermal imaging of that
as well. Okay. So they can actually see like
the cold air coming up through their house,

[02:03]
right? Or the heat coming up through their house
into their attic. So, help people understand how
their house is leaky and how we do it up nice and
tight and save them. Okay. So, what is like an
average prescription look like? You go in there,
you go to an average addict, not too crazy either
direction. What do you prescribe them? What does
it cost them? What does your margin look like on
something like that? When we go to a home, the
most common thing that we do, and we push it,
right, is removing all their insulation so that
we can seal the attic, right? Okay. So, we'll
come and seal up all the leaking areas of the the
attic. Once we have all the insulation removed,
we're going to add R49, which is about 17 in of
insulation. Okay. And what do people usually have?
How much of an upgrade is that typically? So, here
in Phoenix, it's the average home probably has
6 in of insulation. Pretty much every house here
has old cellulose insulation which is like made of

[03:02]
uh cardboard and newspaper and that stuff
gets breaks down. So they when they process
that insulation they have to add fire retardant to
it and especially here in Phoenix that that fire
retardant like activates with the heat. It starts
basically dis disintegrating the insulation and
settling and so you'll get up in attics it's super
dusty. It's it's gross acted. So, we'll remove all
of that. We'll seal up their attic. We'll add a
lot more insulation than what they had. And then a
lot of homes, almost every ticket that we sell has
some sort of duct ceiling. Most most of what we do
is aerosill. You've heard of Aerosill, right?
I haven't. No. So, Aerosill is, it's cool. So,
it's a it's a technology that you block off all
the registers in the house and then you you hook
up this machine to the duct work and this machine
turns this sealant into like an aerosol and so
you're basically you're pressurizing the system.
All the ducts, all the vents are blocked off.

[04:01]
You're pressurizing the system. And so when you're
sending that sealant through the duct duct work,
it's not coating the duct work at all, but
it's that those little air sealant particles
are traveling through the air and they're going
out the holes and they start accumulating out the
holes and sealing up the duct system. Interesting.
So it's the best way to seal duct work. It's it's
a lot more expensive than sealing it by hand. It's
gonna get all the cracks and holes and even the
the little holes that you can't see. It kind of
reminds me of like the fixlat, right? You spray it
in your tire and it just Yep. 100%. Interesting.
Yeah. So, that's kind of the a lot of people
relate to the fixlat concept or Yeah. They have a
certain product like that to seal up a radiator.
So, a lot of people relate with it that way. They
Okay. So that's like the more expensive version of
like manually like taping, but it's more effective
as well. Correct. Yeah. And we and we really build
a lot of value in Aerosill. In fact, Aerosill
consults with us a lot cuz we we're kind of one

[05:05]
of the only companies that's been able to figure
out cuz cuz a lot of people that sell Aerosill,
it's kind of an add-on service to what they're
already doing. like and I guess that's we kind of
do that too but but we we'll go sell aerosill
on its own. It's like a main course for you
guys. Most people treat it like a side dish or an
appetizer. Correct. So aerosill likes to to pick
our brain a lot on how how we're actually selling
aerosol alone because a lot of the companies that
sell it don't know how to do that right now.
So you go into an average house and what do you
usually quote them for just an average job? Our
average ticket is right around 10 grand. Okay.
What size house might that be? 3,000 square feet.
The average home is probably about 2,000 square
feet. Usually that includes removing insulation,
sealing up the attic, adding R49 insulation,
and then sealing the duct work. And a lot of times
that'll include a duct cleaning as well because we

[06:03]
package that with aerosal. So 10 grand's our
cash value cuz we use a lot of financing and
financing has fees and that added to it and so we
strip that out and we want the true cash value of
that job. With the fees were probably closer to 11
grand. Okay. I got to think that taking all that
insulation out is just a pain. Use like a massive
vacuum. Yeah. Just a big like just like this big
around. And it's a Yeah, that I mean you're
looking at a 6 in hose at least. 68 inch hose.
And you know, the one we're using right now is
a diesel vacuum. It's got tons of horsepower. I
can't remember how much it has, but but yeah, it
just you just go start sucking it out. Yeah. Do
you have to like dispose of it in a certain way
or can you just toss it? We just take it to the
landfill. So, okay. And there are some landfills
that, you know, don't like to take it, but we know

[07:00]
all the ones that will take it. Um, so we'll just
when we end the job, we'll head over and dump it.
And are you replacing it with blownin insulation?
Just like the snow white stuff. Yep. That's what
we do. So that's blown fiberglass. We can do foam,
spray foam. I have some I have my own issues with
spray foam. It's it's a great insulation, but
there's some downfalls to it, too. And so most
of what we sell is blown fiberglass. Believe it
or not, 67% of the people that watch my YouTube
videos don't subscribe to me. And over 90% think
that they're subscribed to me. So, do me a quick
favor and check that you're subscribed to me. If
you're not, please do. It would mean a lot. So,
on a $10,000 job, how do the unit economics break
down on your side? Like, what are you allocating
to overhead versus ad spend versus COGS, labor,
and all that? So, 10% ad spend is kind of what
we factor of our revenue. We want to keep ad,
you know, ad spend in to about 10% or less.
Commissions, same thing. We pay about 10%. And
then overhead, we want to keep around 10% as well.

[08:05]
So, we have 50%, it's actually like 52% margins
on all of our products. We want to keep 15 to
20% when that's all said and done. So, 52% gross
margin, 15 plusish net. Yeah. Our target's 20, but
uh we're satisfied with 15. Yeah. Yeah. Because
you got to pay aerosal, you got to pay for the the
insulation, you got to pay labor. Your insurance
probably isn't No, probably is substantial. It's
not cheap. Insurance is not cheap ever. Yeah. So,
you know, in in sales commissions with overrides
and everything, we're about 12% there. That's
where the 52% margin comes in when we pay out
all commissions. And then Yeah. On a on a really
bad month with our ads, we'll get eight or 9x,
but on a good month, we'll get 15. Yeah. Get 15.
Like last should put your net closer to 20. Yeah.

[09:04]
Last month we were at 15x on our nice. So, what
is like a big job like a really good profitable
job look like for you? We've done jobs as high as
30 grand. Is it usually bigger homes or homes with
more issues, more leaking? A little bit of both,
right? So, single level homes like your house,
that's going to probably be a pretty big ticket
because it's going to have a big attic, right? So,
there's more square footage to, you know, twotory
homes, they don't have as big of attic, so there's
not as much square footage to to remove or to
replace. Where we make it up with twotory homes,
though, is most of the time they have multiple AC
units. So, we'll get two two duct seals out of it
rather than one. So, we'll make up a little bit
of that on on the twotory. Some of our sales reps,
they sell air scrubbers, they sell duct cleaning,
they sell HVAC unit, you know, and we'll get big
tickets. I mean, we've Yeah, we've we've had jobs
where we they've needed everything and we we've

[10:04]
had jobs over 30 grand, 40 grand. Yeah. You know,
those are those are always fun jobs to to do. What
are air scrubbers? It's a simple install. this
there's a lot of money that you can make in air
scrubbers. So, it's a device that goes and you can
install it on the supply side or the return side.
So, all your AC units have a supply side and it
has a return side, but it's just a little device
that has like a a cell that goes into it. And
so as air is passing through it, it's basically
ionizing or atomizing the air and it's
charging all the and as it comes out the ducts,
it's goes and attaches to all the dust and pollen
and allergens. So it's like an like an electronic
air filter, like a high powered air filter. Yeah.
And I mean, it'll kill viruses, it'll kill mold,
it'll kill. So, but you just put it into
the into the plenum, seal it up really good,
and plug it in, and it's it's a 30 minute install,
but you can sell those for $1,200. And what's your

[11:03]
cost on that? $400 for the product, and then $50
in labor. Yeah. Dang. And you just plug it into
the wall. As long as there's an outlet up there,
you can plug them into the wall. That's an option.
where you can just they make these adapters that
will plug into your the actual airhead. Wow. And
on that one, that's kind of like a pest control
sale. You're you're kind of selling fear a little
bit. Yeah. Well, especially with with uh there's
a lot of people out there that have asthma or or
they're just bad allergies and so a lot of that's
coming from their attic and their duct work. So,
by putting one of those in there, it's going to
help a lot throughout their home. So, I have two
installed in my house. How much business do you do
of that per year? The air ceiling. Air scrubber.
We have air scrubber. Yeah. We're at year-to- date
56,000. Dang. Okay. Is there is there a business
to be had of someone just doing that? Like
that alone driven by Facebook ads, doortodoor,

[12:02]
what have you? I believe so. Yes. Yeah. No, it's a
big issue. A lot of people especially I mean if if
there was a couple if there was a good thing that
came from co it's people's awareness of allergens
and viruses and things like that. There's a big
health push in in our culture. You know a lot of
it's fitness and food and toxins and stuff like
that. And so that helps drive the need and the
want and the desire for them. Air scrubbers for
us is kind of an afterthought. It's kind of a side
dish, a little bit of an appetizer. If we focus
just on every home selling air scrubber, we could
sell a million a year. Okay, now we're talking. I
don't think people are going to start caring about
toxins less, right? I see that as only growing.
Have you heard of those companies that come in
and they'll like diagnose your home as far as like
toxins are concerned? like they'll look at the air
quality and then they'll give you like they they
may charge you like a few hundred bucks and then

[13:02]
they'll give you like a laundry list of things
to fix. Do you work with companies like those? Do
they refer business to you or is that still pretty
early? That's still pretty early. We haven't
worked with any companies like that and I don't I
don't know of any companies here in Phoenix that
do that. I'm sure there are, but I know a guy
in the UK doing it really successfully. Yeah,
it's a big business. Just the air purification
industry is several billion dollars a year. It's
like10 billion a year just in the US. So, wow.
There's a there's a lot of money to be made just
focusing on air quality. Can homeowners install
those themselves like if they were handy enough or
is it pretty technical? No. Yeah, they definitely
could install them themselves. So, it's a simple
install. If you have any sort of low voltage
electrical knowledge and and you know how to cut
a hole and patch it up and seal it up nice, then
you can install it yourself. So, okay. And the
nice thing about that business just just in the
air scrubbers is there is a reoccurring revenue,

[14:03]
you know, side of it because those sales that are
in that air scrubber, they'll last two years, two,
three years. M. So you can go and sell them a new
cell. Yeah. Every 2 to 3 years. You can sell them
whatever you want every 2 to 3 years. Exactly.
Right. You get your foot back in the door every
two years. Yep. There is a good business if and
I've I've thought about just starting a business
that just focuses on duct work and air scrubbers
is going to be like a really it was going to be
one of the main courses of that business. Yeah.
All right. So, for a 2,000 foot home, 10 grand,
what kind of monthly savings could the homeowner
expect? Like, what would their power bill go
to roughly? So, according to the Department of
Energy, if we're doing like the whole package,
they can expect 25 to 30%. But, we've had homes
where I mean, the atticss are just completely I
mean, no insulation or half their attic has zero
insulation, their duct works disconnected. Those

[15:03]
homes were going to are going to completely
transform their lives, right? Like, yeah,
we love those homes because yeah, it's going to
make a massive difference. They're going to fill
it like this the next 10 minutes after it's done.
But 25 to 30% on a typical home. On a lot of the
older homes, you can get probably more of that
more than that. Okay. We don't we obviously we
focus on energy savings. That's a that's one
of the benefits of doing this. But we look
at it from a holistic, hey, you want to be more
comfortable. You want to have even temperatures.
This is your home. Invest in it. Live in your
home. Be happy in your home. No one wants to
have a home that has a room that they don't want
to use because it's uncomfortable. So, we're we're
really focusing and then the health aspects
of it. So, it's it's energy savings, comfort,
and indoor air quality. all together and that's
the value that we're selling, right? Yeah. So,

[16:06]
it took me so long to flip that switch in my brain
cuz I'm inherently cheap and so I would like keep
the AC at like 77 in the summer and then one
day I was just like what are you doing? Like
this is miserable. Like you're going to spend
an extra 40 bucks a month to be comfortable.
Like is that I think that's worth it. Yeah. Well,
that's So, when we first moved here to Phoenix,
I tried to live that way the first year and I told
my wife, I was like, "Hey, if we're going to stay
here in Phoenix, I'm going to pay whatever power
bill I need to pay." Yeah. Just to be comfortable.
Yeah. I don't care. On a 2,000 foot home, what's
an average like summer power bill in Phoenix?
$400 to $500. Oh. So, they could save two 200 150
200 bucks, right? Yep. So, they'll get that money
back in four to six years, give or take. Yeah,
there's a lot of tax rebates and so I mean the
the tax credits going away after this year, but a
lot of utilities are doing rebates. So, one of the

[17:04]
utilities here in Phoenix is it's called SRP. They
give $400 just for duct ceiling and then they'll
they'll give $600 for insulation. And there's
other little rebates they give as well. So we
we take advantage of those as well. So yeah. All
right. You know, I'm always talking about data,
the numbers that actually matter because you
need data to grow and you need to grow to make
real money. Beehive is the newsletter platform
that I've used for over a year and a half because
of their data. Well, for multiple reasons,
but especially because of their data. Yes,
most platforms will tell you someone opened your
email. Cool. But Beehive tells you everything.
engagement drop off, which links people ignore,
and which ones they click again and again,
what keeps readers scrolling. You get real-time
subscriber insights, AB testing results, even
predictive analytics measures. It's like having
your entire subscriber base give you feedback

[18:02]
live. And you can set up automated sequences,
welcome emails, re-engagement campaigns,
all based on that behavior. Because the truth is,
if you can't measure it, you can't improve it. And
Beehive shows you what's actually happening. So
head to beehive.comris for 30% off three months.
That data will change how and what you write.
If we were to look at two variables, like if
someone wanted to get into this industry, either
vent cleaning or air quality or insulation. The
two variables being like quickest path to good net
cash flow per month and like barrier to entry. If
we were to take both of those into consideration,
what opportunities in this space do you see for
people? I think it just depends on on how you
want to do things, right? Because I remember
when I first started this business, I wanted
everything in house. I wanted to do everything
in house. I wanted to have my own crews. I
wanted the the trucks. I wanted everything,

[19:00]
right? And obviously, there's going to be a big
investment cuz insulation machines are not cheap.
If you want a good installation machine, you're
looking at 15 to 20 grand. That's just for one
machine. Can you finance them? You can. You can.
Okay. That reduces the barrier to entry. And then,
you know, insulation removal machines, you're
looking about 10 grand for one of those machines
for a good machine. And if you want to get into
duct cleaning, you're looking 5 to 10 grand for a
machine. So, that's how I used to think. I wanted
everything in the house. And I invested a lot into
building all that. you know, we had over a hundred
employees or close to 100 employees and we were
doing everything in house. I've since changed my
thought process. I've since changed, you know, the
way I think and the fastest way in this business
to cash flow and to start making some good healthy
profits is to subcontract it. You know, there's a
lot of there's a lot of small companies that need

[20:00]
the work that don't invest in marketing that are
just basically labor and that's all they want to
be. And you find the right subcontractors, they'll
do whatever you need them to do. Where do you find
them? Facebook Marketplace. The best way to find
really good subs is through the suppliers. Really?
how we found good subs was go go utilize our
connections with the suppliers because now we have
you know someone that's has firsthand you know
knowledge of how that sub is and the work they
do and how much they're buying and just who they
are as people. So that's where we've had our best
success finding subcontractors is people selling
you equipment and Yeah. Yeah. Okay. selling the
the insulation suppliers, aerosill, you know,
calling them and finding the best aerosill
companies. That's the best way. But we've found we
found several subcontractors just through Google
and searching online for insulation companies or
we've even found we found one of them because we

[21:06]
had a competing quote with one of our customers
from them and we s we saw what they were charging
him. We're like geez go talk to these guys. We'll
pay you that. We'll pay you that and we'll take
this job. Exactly. So yeah, that's how we've
traditionally found our subs. It's funny because
people think of starting like a home service
business and they their mind immediately goes
to all right, I need to learn how to perform this
service. I need to learn everything I I can about
our values and installation and all this when
really it's like you need to learn Facebook ads,
correct? Right. If you can just learn Facebook
ads, then you're going to be ahead of most of
your competitors and they're not going to be your
competitors. They're going to be your partners.
You're gonna pay them to do all the work for you.
Right. Yeah. And I love it. Like one thing that
I I always had a fear of quality, right? I always
had a fear that like if we sub it out, quality is
going to go down. And we've had issues with subs
and we don't, you know, we let them go or we don't

[22:01]
send them any more work and we get it fixed. And
you know, I'm not saying that every subcontractor
has been awesome to work with, but we like the
small local companies. That's the we like to work
with. You know, the owner's usually on the job
site. He cares. He wants to continue to receive
our business. they're going to do a great job
and they're they're going to have great quality
because they care about their business. They
want more work from us and and so that's one of
my switches that have changed in my brain is like
quality to actually you can make an argument that
it goes up if you have the right subs. And then we
always have a project manager. So we always have
a project manager that's on site to deal with
the homeowners. And so we're still managing the
product. project. We're still very hands-on. It's
still our project and the way we want to do it,
but we just find people that already have the help
and and the labor and want the work and, you know,
that's that's how we do it. So, are you pretty
much subbing everything out today? Pretty much.

[23:03]
I mean, we do some small things in house, but for
the most part, we sub it all out. So, on a $10,000
job, how much of that goes to your sub on average?
Well, so we usually have our subs pay for the
product, too. That's one of the changes we'll make
in the future is we'll pro procure the materials.
So about 50%. Okay. 48%. It's just like I mean
that's the tree business. That's what we do. Y
we mark it up one you know 2x basically. Exactly.
Also general liability goes down because you can
you know require them to have general liability.
So now you're you're a different type of general
liability that you have to carry. And so there
there are a lot of savings that come with subbing
it out. Also, another thing, if if they step
through the route or step through the ceiling,
they're responsible for to fix it, not us. Right?
If they have a machine that breaks down, they're
responsible to fix that, not us. And so there was
one point when we had everything in house where

[24:02]
just on rental equipment, we were spending 15
grand a month just because we had machines break
it down or whatever. Yeah. So, that's a savings
that we have just by subbing things out. So,
you don't even, you know, you talked about the
the insulation machine and all that. You don't
even need to own that with the subcontractor
model. No, they have their own equipment. Now,
insulation subs are a little harder to find
than like a landscaping subs or Yep. But more
specialized. It's more specialized. It's a higher
investment up front, but they're out there and
they want the work. Yeah. Now, a lot of people
hesitate of to hire subs because they're like,
"Oh, they'll they'll take my business or they'll
show up in a a different truck with a different
logo." I explain like the homeowner 90% of the
time doesn't notice or care. It's a non-issue,
right? Because it's pretty common place. And
what about like stealing your business? It it
does it just work for this because it's not really
recurring thing. So, you manage the payment. So,
we have the project manager on site and if once
again if you have a good sub they I mean we one

[25:04]
of our our main subcontractors I mean we keep them
super busy to where I think 90% of their business
is from us right they're not going to do anything
to mess that relationship up. Yeah. You know, and
it takes time to find them and to vet them, right?
It probably won't be the first sub you find that's
that good. Yeah. 100. Yeah. and and you know,
we've had our bad ones, but for the most part,
we haven't had any issues with that because we we
still control the project. I think where you have
the issues is if you just like sub it out and
don't have oversight, right? We still want to
control the communication. We're still there with
the homeowner walking them through the project.
We're not just handing it off. And I think that
works. There's a lot of big companies that just
hand it off, but we don't want to do that. We like
to have a little more control over it. So, what is
like your project manager to job ratio? Like how
many jobs is your project manager overseeing at

[26:01]
any given time? Here in Phoenix, we do about 60
jobs a month and we have one project manager. One
of our subs, you know, the one I was just talking
about, we trust him implicitly. So, if if that
project manager is is out for that day or can't
make it to the job, then we don't worry about it.
And so there are those cases where you know calls
in sick or is on vacation and you know we still
are communicating with them but we might not have
a project manager on on site that day. Yeah. Okay.
So it's not unreasonable to assume that in one
metroplex using the subcontractor model with
a good Facebook ad strategy you can make over a
million dollars a year of net profit. Right. Yes
you can. You got dialed in systems. You're paying
your sales people a commission. Facebook ads are
cranking. What types of services are you selling
with your ads today? Most of our ads are targeted
towards insulation and doug sealing. So, we'll
do like a free attic inspection. So, our ads is

[27:03]
really just to pitch a free attic inspection.
Obviously, we're bringing up some of the pain
points in our ads. You know, just kind of some of
the things that people might be experiencing that
kind of elicits the the response to get an attic
inspection. And then we'll go do an inspection
and we'll come down and after we inspect the attic
and some of the things that are going on up there,
we'll come down, sit down with them, present the
solution. That's where we'll add on, you know,
if they're having allergy issues or dust issues,
we'll add on air scrubbers or duct cleaning or,
you know, sealing duct work is big for allergies
and dust. So that's where we kind of once we do
the attic inspection. So really our ads are
really just focused on providing a free attic
inspection and once we do that then we kind of
know the solution to tailor for that homeowner.
Okay. So that's been like your most successful ad
offer is get your foot in the door with a free ad
inspection. Ask the right questions, feel them
out, and see what kind of direction you need to

[28:03]
point them towards. Right. Correct. Yep. Okay. I
assume you're using mostly video ads. Yep. usually
my face in so in an attic or somewhere talking
about insulation and to you know then they have
good call to action have a good offer and you're
going to get people submitting their information.
Now you have once once that happens, you have
to have the appointment setters and and the
automations in place and that's not hard to set
up, but you know to keep everything organized and
to make sure that things aren't falling through
the cracks. That's an important element of doing.
What does your like tech stack look like? Are you
using high level or HubSpot? We use we use high
level, you know, for our marketing, for our leads
to come in. But I've been developing and I think
you and I have talked about this before. I've
been developing my own CRM for five years now,
six years. Yeah. So, how's that going? It's good.
I even have it connected with High Level. So,
all the leads that come through High Level go
through it. Okay. So, what about vent cleaning?

[29:04]
Do you think there's that could be a standalone
business? And if so, how could people tackle that
if they wanted to? Vent clean definitely can be a
standalone business. Quick question. What if there
were a private community out there of people that
were building businesses based on this podcast?
Well, I just made it and it's only for business
starters and business builders. It's called TK
Owners and it's basically like having me and a
hundred other business geniuses as your business
partner. Also, there's going to be exclusive
new trends, growth hacks, business ideas, and
a database of everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case studies.
You'll have weekly ask me anything with me while
I'll answer your questions directly. You can
join now at tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
With Facebook ads, you want to have a big enough
ticket to to make it worth it because I don't you
could be selling a cheap product or an expensive
product. Your leads are going to cost roughly the
same. We spend about each lead that that we get in

[30:02]
is about $75 a lead. We need to sell a ticket. We
need to sell something, a service that's going to
recoup that investment plus put some money in our
pocket. You'll probably have a higher close rate
with it with a cheaper product. So, you probably
able to sell more duck cleanings. Your close
rate will probably be a little better, but like a
typical duck cleaning, standard 2,000 foot home,
12 vents, you're looking about $800 for that. Once
you're in doing the duck cleaning, there's there's
the additional services that you can upsell
like the air scrubber, right? You can do some
duct sealing, right? And even even if you don't
want to invest in the aerosill system, you can go
and do manual duct sealing because the one of the
big reasons why dust is getting into the ducks in
the first place is because of leaky ducks, right?
And so that could be an up upsell is duck clean or
duct sealing. You can charge $400 to $500 on that.
And then just other duck services, but that duck

[31:00]
cleaning could be the kind of the lead horse and
then you can upgrade that, you know, that service
from there. And that's kind of how we do it. I
think there's a couple different words for this,
but I've heard people call it like self-quidating
ads. In your case, like you don't really make
anything unless you close a lead, right?
Like you're offering a free attic inspection,
but you know that your close rate once you're in
sight is going to be x%. But with this model, it
could be, you know, our offer is not a free attic
inspection. It could be a duck cleaning for $800.
That way, like when you get your foot in the door,
you physically get to their house, you've paid for
the ads and then some. You're already profitable.
But then you can bring your average ticket from
800 to 1,800 because one in four people buy an air
scrubber or one in four people get a $10,000 job,
right? Is that kind of what you're saying? Yeah.
And it averages out. Yeah. And and with with duck
cleaning, that's something you can sell over the
phone. You don't even have to go and look at it.
I mean, a duck system is duct system. You you ask
the the right questions. You you could sell that

[32:00]
over the phone without even really going and
seeing, you know, the the property. So that's
obviously there's some savings there and as far
as converting someone to a customer and then yeah
like you said the self-lquidating offer you can
you can come up with this like really good offer
on the front end to bank on some of the upsells
and then when you're in the house doing the
service then you can okay we we notice that your
ducks are super leaky or you have a disconnected
duct you have allergy issues let's sell you an air
scrubber and you know there's a lot of things that
you can do once you're there doing the service
once you've kind of sold them that you know
you've made your money back from the ads and that
you make the profit in all the upselles. Is there
enough margin with vent cleaning only to sub it
all out or would you want to do it yourself and
if so what kind of equipment would you need? So
vent cleaning that that's if I was just to have a
vent cleaning company, I'd have that in house one
because you don't need a lot of I mean depending

[33:01]
on the type of duck cleaning you do that. So
there's a couple different types of equipment you
can get. There's there's what's called a a brush
and back where basically it's just long brush
and there's a vacuum attached to it and as you're
scrubbing it, it's spins around. You really only
need one guy to do that. The downfall of the the
brush and back method is, you know, it's usually
designed for residential and light commercial. So,
if you wanted to do anything bigger, you're kind
of limited to just that, you know, part of the
market. The other type of duct cleaning machines
is it's a negative air machine, and that's where
you're blocking off the AC unit. You're connecting
the the vacuum up with the air handler and then
you use these like air whips to break Yep. break
up the dust. You see those in like the Tik Tok
videos. Yeah. Because it's very visual. Yeah.
Yeah. They're very visual. It's breaking up the
dust and it's you know it's sucking it into that
negative air machine. That is a in my opinion
it's a better duct cleaning method, but it's

[34:06]
you're probably going to have two guys to do that
work and that's a little bit longer setup. But the
the upside is you can get into bigger jobs. You
can do industrial duct work, really start to get
into those types of jobs. So duct cleaning, I'm
not saying you can't sub it out, but the average
ticket is probably about $800 to $1,000. There's
not a lot of margin. That might be something that
you're you you want to take in house. But so for
a machine, so if you're just doing a brush and
back machine, a good machine that's going to last
and you know that's going to do a good job, you're
you're looking at about a $4 to $6,000 investment.
Uh negative air, you're 8 to 12. there's cheaper
machines out there and it might not be a bad
idea to to go a little bit cheaper to start,
but you're going to probably have to upgrade,
you know, later on where yeah, if you just kind
of invest right up front into the better machines,
those those will last a good while and they'll do

[35:06]
a good job for you. So, yeah. Is this as good of
an opportunity in colder climates or is it best
in places like Phoenix? I think anywhere where
there's extreme weather. I mean, insulation's
great in colder climates. In fact, usually the
the levels of insulation you want to you want
to install are higher, right? Like, so like in
Minnesota, instead of going to R49, you'd want
to probably install R60. Probably get a little bit
more money on that ticket just being in the colder
climates. But yeah, I think extreme weather is
where you're going to get the real demand for it.
In places like San Diego, there would still be a
demand in San Diego, but it's the same temperature
all year round for the most part. You're not
going to have people suffering. What I think the
biggest thing is like the difference people feel
from winter here versus summer, right? Winter,
they're pretty, you know, content. They're, you
know, they're like, "Yeah, this life's good. It

[36:02]
feels good here." And then all a sudden the summer
hit comes and they start realizing, you know, all
the areas that, you know, of their home that are
not comfortable or they're not getting air flow or
whatever. So with that logic, like Phoenix might
not even be the best market, right? Like maybe a
Salt Lake or a Dallas that gets really hot, really
cold. We love Dallas because it has both extremes.
Here in Phoenix, we still get a lot of winter work
because we're we're really selling the summer.
Hey, do this now so the summer's better. But in
Dallas, you get a lot of pain in the winter. Uh,
and you get a lot of pain in the summer. Same with
Salt Lake. Same with, you know, so yeah, anywhere
where you kind of have pretty hot summers and
pretty cold winters, you're going to, you know,
business is going to be good. Yeah. But in Dallas,
we get like nine days of perfect weather per year.
So, don't dog on it too much. Yeah. I mean, Dallas
is a great market. The only thing that sucks and
we've had this happen in Dallas is all the the
ice storms where we can't do anything. Yeah. Got

[37:03]
to slide off the road. Is there anything that's
interesting about this business that I forgot to
ask you about? I don't think so. I think you asked
some good questions. What I'll say is there's a
lot of things that you can do in this business in
the home per I call the home performance industry.
And there's a lot of things that that relate
to others. I mean, you could at some point your
business grow to do roofs because roofs actually
it's something that come up comes up quite a bit
with us. Hey, can you fix my roof while you're
doing my attic? So, there's a lot of areas you
can branch into just starting off with whether
it's insulation or duct cleaning. Like, you know,
I mentioned earlier with duct cleaning, you
could eventually run a full-blown duct business.
And there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of
money in duct work, replacing duct work, you know,
adding returns, you know, cleaning duct work,
new builds, yeah, new builds. So, you can kind

[38:01]
of dip to the water with duck cleaning and it
could branch into to something where now you're
looking at $10,000 tickets, 15,000 because duck
work is one, it's not cheap. Nobody wants to do
it and there's there's a lot of intricacies with
it. So you can really charge for it and be fair,
too. So that's kind of how I look at business
is like, how can I get in at the, you know,
the lowest barrier to entry and and how can I
grow into these upsell from there? Yeah. So yeah,
beautiful. What where can everyone find you, Rex,
if they want to find you or your business or So
our Instagram page is our handle is cozyros.
Same with Facebook. C O Z Y P R O S. And my
name's Rex Lindsay. They can find me on Instagram
and Facebook. Cool. Thanks, man. Yeah. Thank you.
All right. What' you think? Please share it with
a friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner