[00:00]
Holy cow, that's almost 50% response rate.
Every time I do it, it just shocks. I now have a
relationship with 129 people that I didn't have a
relationship with 20 minutes ago. That's the best
when you can get to a price before even getting
them on the phone. If they're easier to find,
then they're easier to find good deals cuz you
have more deals to pull from. When they say no,
the more it actually means yes. And so, I just
look at it as like every word they have to read
is another piece of friction between them and a
close. Some of my most popular videos ever here
on YouTube, like this, this, and this one, are
when I simply hit record on my screen and build
or start a business in real time live. I love
doing it. You guys love watching it. And so,
you're really going to love this one. But instead
of starting or building a business live, I went
from zero to having several amazing real estate
deals on the hook over the course of minutes. And
I bear all soup to nuts. How to scrape the leads,
how to text the leads, how to talk to the leads.
I get on the phone with them, put them on speaker,
share my screen. And the more leads you reach out
to, the higher the chance of getting 100% seller
financing where you put no money down. So, if you
have ever been interested in buying real estate or
buying an existing business and you want to find

[01:03]
these leads offmarket where all the best leads are
and you want to do so very fast and creatively,
this is the video for you. Please excuse the
poor audio and video quality on this video,
but I'm confident that the quality of
the content will more than make up for
it. I didn't have my fancy professional equipment
when I filmed this, but you're going to love it.
So this is outscraper and I want to show you
how I use outs scraper but then I didn't want
to have to wait for it to scrape. It's very
quick. It's very cheap. It's not real estate
centric. It's Google maps ccentric. And so if
you want more results I would recommend doing
the riomy trick. It's actually interesting cuz
riomy is real estate first but the data isn't
quite as clean as this data. But this data isn't
real estate first. So there's not as many leads.
When you log into Outs Scraper, you just go to
Google Maps data scraper. I'm just going to look
at RV parks right now because it's they're easy
to get a hold of. So, I just type in RV park. And
this is an actual category within Google uh maps.
And then I picked a random state that I didn't

[02:03]
think that any of you guys would be buying
in. South Dakota. You can't do it by county,
but you can do it uh by city and by zip code and
or by state. So, it preloads all 50 states. Just
close that out. and then go down here and check
South Dakota. And then it's always a good idea to
cap your results just so you don't accidentally
spend a bunch of money. I capped it at 500. And
then it's probably a good idea to get all the data
you can because it's a difference of pennies. You
might as well I would check emails. I would want
to know the owner of the phone numbers. Might
as well get company in insights. Might as well
validate emails. That'll help us skip a step. I
would not check the box to ignore without emails
because we prefer phones. Um, and I would not
check the box to delete email duplicates because
phone first, that's our whole strategy is phone
first. Go to advanced parameters. I would delete
duplicates because that way you don't have to pay
for them. And then right here is nice because you
can choose the columns in the CSV that you want to

[03:02]
scrape. Like I don't need to know the latitude and
longitude. It'll just slow me down. It's just more
more data to sip through. So I prefer name name
for emails which is just basically a second data
source for name the category which is the Google
maps category cuz sometimes I'll choose RV parks
but for some reason it will give me like an RV
dealership and so that way I can very cleanly
scrape those out and then type. I think that's
just like a subcategory. Phone address, street,
city, postal code, area, state. We don't need
both of these states. It's the same country. I
like to see their rating and reviews because that
gives me a good idea of how good they are or how
long they've been around. Link directly to the
reviews here. Number of photos. That also tells
me how much they care about their park. How
invested are they in their GMBB profile. This
verified is is actually important because Google
will automatically scrape like Manta and local
records and they will add businesses to Google
Maps. And so if it's an unverified listing,

[04:00]
it means Google added it, but the owner has
never done anything with it. Those are pretty
good because a lot of times those are very under
the radar parks. So I want to know if the owner
has ever claimed their park. Owner ID, I think
that's just a numerical score. Owner title, owner
link. We don't really need the carrier name. We
do need the carrier type. We want to know if it's
a landline or a or a cell. And then these are like
three different email options here. You don't need
all this, you know, Reddit, Medium, Skype stuff.
The basically the further you get down this list,
the less relevant it becomes, right? The 8020
of this is we want the park name and we want the
phone number and the email because the owner's
name is likely to be missing or inaccurate,
which you'll see in a minute. If I were doing
this fresh, I would click get data and then it's
going to give me an estimate of how many it will
scrape. That's always inaccurate. I would just
ignore it. It says 500 cuz that's what I said
as the limit, but it doesn't really know. So,
this will cost me 10 bucks and take 7 to 25
minutes, but I've already done this exact
search. So, I go back to tasks and I'm going to
download this. So, it looks like it got all 500.

[05:06]
And I'm just going to put this in Google Sheets
cuz so we can all stay in the browser. Oh, here's
a little quirk. You might cringe at Google Sheets.
If so, and just use the spreadsheet. If not,
for whatever reason, there's a formatting quirk on
the phone number, which is like the most important
data point. you have to get rid of the plus one
space in the middle of all these phones. So,
I just do a find and replace all. And
then I'll get rid of the dashes, too,
just to keep it standardized. So,
once I do that, then I'll copy it.
All right. So, go ahead and filter this. It gave
us the phone enricher. We don't really need that.
I'm going to delete that. Um, we do need that.
See the category and type right here? It's like
it looks like it's the exact same thing. So,
you really don't need both of those. Owner ID,
don't need that. This column is for like if it's
a service area or a physical retail location. Um,
these are physical locations, obviously. So, we'll
delete that. South Dakota rating and reviews,

[06:04]
reviews, link, number of photos. Look how
interesting this owner verified is here.
We've got 500 parks. It's almost 50/50, which is
really good. I want more owner verified. Yeah,
two 259 unverified. That's really surprising to
me. If we were to run a search for like dentists,
it'd be like 98% verified. And you
can also see on all the false ones,
there's no data over here because they don't have
as much data. Whereas on the owner verified ones,
I think this is just a link to the listing. All
right. So now, one of the most important things
here is the type of phone number. And Outscraper
is not great at telling us this. So we want to
know every phone number. And so I used two tools
for this that I referenced. One is searchbug.com.
It's fast, it's cheap, costs like 10 bucks, but
what's better than 10 bucks? Free. And so I use
Sly Broadcast. And so Sly Broadcast is a ringless
voicemail provider, but as part of their ringless
voicemail service, they will validate your list
for free. So you don't have to pay anything at

[07:04]
any time if you only want to get your phone
numbers validated. So you do have to do this
right because Sly Broadcast doesn't like a ton
of different columns and they don't like blanks
in your data. And so I want to only upload my
phone numbers or my listings that have phone
numbers here. But what Slide Broadcast will do is
it will keep everything in the same order. And so
I'm going to just throw these in a CSV. Delete
the the header. So we've got 387 phone numbers.
And then you go to manage lists. Create a new
recipient list. Doesn't matter what you call it
because you're not going to refer to it again in
here. You could paste them in here or you could
upload it. It will let you attach a 1 second
column so you can reference the phone numbers,
but it it's given me issues in the past. So,
I just upload the phones is all. And then like

[08:01]
magic, it literally takes 3 seconds to process
hundreds. You just click on these three dots
and you click download. So, if I do it too early,
it won't have finished all of them. So, I usually
wait a few seconds and then I'll download it.
So, voila. And so, I'm going to go back here.
So, take these and I just want to make sure that
they're aligned right. And so, I'm just going to
kind of do a cursory glance. Oh, and they're not.
Oh, okay. Yep. There's duplicates. That's why. So,
I'm going to remove the duplicates.
That's what will really screw you up.
remove the duplicates by phone. But this this
is tricky though because it it's going to
delete all of these ones that don't have phone
numbers as well. So, I'm just going to do this.
Duplicated the sheet. Remove duplicates. I guess
I could have just highlighted that. All right. So,
now that I removed duplicates, I'm going
to delete that sheet. Now, we're we're

[09:00]
left with 452. And so, I'm basically going to
do that whole process. Slide broadcast again.
So, I'm basically going to
do that process over again.
All right. So, I'm just looking. I'm making
sure they all align. Numbers are the same. Now,
if you look anecdotally at SearchBug
said these were, it's mostly the same,
but Sly Broadcast just fills in all the
gaps. So, I'm going to delete this column
altogether because it's less accurate. And
I'm going to delete this column. And so,
this this percentage will probably be
constant throughout the country. So,
we started with 500 and we're left with 129
cell phones. So, 26%. So, you can just kind
of expect whatever you scrape, a quarter of them
are going to be cell phones. All right. So now

[10:03]
I'm only going to focus on the cell phones here
and I'm going to start texting them. So before
I do that, let's start looking at the type of
personalized variables that we're going to upload
in our text. So I usually use the street name
or the city name when I'm referencing something
in a text. That can be problematic if whatever
you scrape is missing data on one of those two,
but every one of these has a a city name, so
there's nothing to clean. So that's great.
And almost every one of them has a street
name. So if you do reference the street name,
there are some weird things like it will add in
a a plus here. So you'll want to do a find and
replace if there's like a weird character. But
these look pretty good. And so I'm probably just
going to reference the city name. And look, some
of them are in Minnesota or Nebraska for whatever
reason. All right, so this is going to be what
I upload to the texting platform. All right,
so this is the platform that I prefer. I would
get going on creating an account here because
it can take a little while. You might want
to try creating an account at slyex.com and

[11:04]
cinchesmedia.com as well just to hedge your
bets. If you want to start texting like today,
then you can use porterhouse as well. That's the
app that allows you to text in blue like a like
an iPhone. So, if we're using this, I'm going to
go to contacts and then lists and then new list.
So, I'm going to call this South Dakota RV Park 1.
Create list. And then I'm going to click import.
I'm going to add it to that list. And I'm only
going to import the columns that matter to me. So,
these are kind of the personalized variables
that come standard. It doesn't matter which
one you use. You just have to remember it. So,
I'm going to pair the first name with the city
because there is no personalized variable
for city. So, I just need the phone number
and the city in this case. If we wanted to get
really granular and we were texting a thousand,

[12:00]
I would pair like as much as I could. That
way, I could keep my data really clean in
whatever CRM or Google Sheets or Excel that I
was using because we're going to get a lot of
interested parties and it's going to be hard
to keep things straight. So, phone and city,
no advanced options. Click import. We're good.
These automations are pretty cool because you
can basically have the software auto reply if
they say something. So like if they say yes,
then reply with awesome. I'm looking for RV
parks in the area. But like I don't recommend
that because I don't think anyone's trying to buy
10 RV parks a month here. I definitely recommend
more hightouch. So, but if you if you do want
to cast a wide net, these automations work well,
but you have to be really careful because
you'll forget to pause them and then you'll
send another campaign and then you'll just start
sounding like an idiot and sending all kinds of
ridiculous stuff. Ask me how I know. All right,
so now we're going to we're going to send them a
message. We're going to go to new message. You can
have multiple phone numbers really easily. I use
this one for most everything. And then here, I'm
going to go search contact list. Go to this one.

[13:05]
So, you will you'll pay two credits if it goes
over 160 characters, which is great because it's
a forcing function to keep your message short
anyway cuz shorter always performs better.
If I were local, I would put the word here cuz
that makes all the difference. It insinuates
that you are there, but I'm not, so I won't. But
you will have better results if you put the word
here. All right. You know, I'm always talking
about data, the numbers that actually matter
because you need data to grow. and you need to
grow to make real money. Beehive is the newsletter
platform that I've used for over a year and a half
because of their data. Well, for multiple reasons,
but especially because of their data. Yes, most
platforms will tell you someone opened your email.
Cool. But Beehive tells you everything. Engagement
drop off, which links people ignore and which ones
they click again and again, what keeps readers
scrolling. You get real-time subscriber insights,

[14:00]
AB testing results, even predictive
analytics measures. It's like having
your entire subscriber base give you feedback
live. And you can set up automated sequences,
welcome emails, re-engagement campaigns, all
based on that behavior. Because the truth is,
if you can't measure it, you can't improve it. And
Beehive shows you what's actually happening. So
head to beehive.com/chris for 30% off 3 months.
That data will change how and what you write.
The best results come when you're
willing to play the long game and
just seek to start a conversation on the
first message as opposed to ask them right
up front if they're interested
in selling. So, I'm going to say,
so yeah, if I put the word here, right there, it
would do a lot better. But what's really cool is
you can see a preview. You really want to check
this to make sure that you don't screw up that
personalized aspect. The reason I'm not putting
RV park is because it could be a mobile home
park. And so park covers all. So I always just
use park even if I'm searching for one of the of

[15:04]
the two. I'm going to go ahead and send them all
at once. So we ready? They go out all at once.
Look at that. Four responses. How fast is that?
Every time I do it, it just shocks me. I mean,
it's only 129 people and we already have a
10% response rate. It's crazy. I should have
throttled it, but it belongs to the city. Always
has. So, a lot of times I'll just start looking
like this person in Quinn Campground.
Okay, that's interesting. Benju Quinn,
this is surprising even for me. This person's
responded four times. What one thing I don't
like about message media is it's it's kind
of clunky. It's kind of hard to keep track
of unread and read and who you're talking to. If
it looks somewhat promising, get the data out of
here to something else. I mean, 23 responses.
That's crazy. So, let's type up a response
and then I'm going to copy and paste it. So, all
right, let me let me start sending response here.

[16:07]
So, I want to establish that I'm qualified to buy
a park and that like I can meet them in person.
So, I'm just going to send
this to everyone that said yes,
and then we'll come back and
see what they say after that.
See, like sometimes it will show as unread
when I already responded for a minute. So,
it's a little quirky. This is the number
for reservations for Fifth Street RV. So,
that could be like a property manager.
Another that's probably a property manager.
Look how accurate this data is, though. Like,
this is the first person that said we never
did. And they do own a campground. So, that
seems to be like a campground campground.
Not really what we're looking for. So, this
person said no, they don't want to sell. So,
I could say, "Let me know if that changes cuz
even like they said no, they didn't ghost me."

[17:11]
All right, I think we're almost through them.
Give me a call. I don't do business
over text message. Okay, I will.
I like to do a little more research before I
call them so I don't sound like an
idiot. Okay, so Buckshot Resort.
Let's look up Buckshot Resort. Oh, it's on
the water. Literally off the reservation.
What is going on? I wonder if this is
just old Google Maps data. All right,
this could be it right here. A lot of times
it's just wrong. Well, it's got a website. Oh,
it's got some good pad sites. Looks full.
It's really full. Pretty bad roads. It's nice,
though. You got the water right there. Bunch of
trees. Very shaded. It's kind of an interesting
model. Full hookups. 2500 bucks for the season.
And offshore spots are 2,000. That seems so cheap.

[18:00]
Even at 6 months, that's 400 bucks a month for a
lakefront spot. I mean, 200 a month for a year.
I like this part. I like to go look at their
social media. 900 followers. I mean, I bet this
thing stays full. They're posting regularly.
All right, so do a little more research.
They don't have any reviews, so that tells
me it's not a private equity guy. All right,
let's do it. Hey, is this the uh the Buckshot
owner? Yeah, this is Hey, Shane, this is Chris.
We were just texting about your park. Oh, sure.
Okay. How are you? I'm great. Good. Yeah, I know
this is random, but I live a few states away in
Dallas, and I buy RV parks all over the country,
and I thought yours was awesome. You're right on a
lake. You're in South Dakota. I went there with my
family a couple years ago. It was not as bad as I
thought it was. And uh yeah, I just want to learn
more about it. What would you like to know? Well,
how long have you owned it? Did you build it or
did you buy it? Um, so it's on family land we've
had for over a hundred years. And uh we've had

[19:06]
kind of a primitive or rustic campground out there
for about 20 years. Last year we went ahead and
uh and renovated and put in all utilities, you
know, water, sewer, electric. So it's our second
this will be our second season uh full-time. Oh,
okay. I bet you own the land for 20 years. Oh,
jeez. Okay. So, you're from the area then? Yeah.
Are you are you do you live there on site? Are you
managing it? Um, I do manage it. Yeah, I'm well
only seasonally. I'm I'm around, but uh typically
in Arizona for the rest of the year. Okay. And how
full does it normally stay? We're we're strictly a
seasonal model at this at this point. And so we're
we're somewhere uh probably 80 85% full. Okay. How
does that compare to last year? Uh I think we're
plus six this year. Okay. And it's like two to

[20:02]
2,000 to 2500 a year. Yeah, 2500 on the shoreline,
2,000 off. And does that include any any bills,
any utilities, or is that extra? Um, water, sewer,
and garbage are included. Electric is tenant pays,
camper pays. And how many pads were there? I
couldn't I couldn't glean that from your website.
Um, yeah. Uh, well, I know you're trying to run
some numbers here in your head and do some math.
So, before I give you the keys to the castle here,
I guess I probably should find out a little bit
more about you first and what uh what we're doing
here. No, I don't blame you at all. Yeah. So,
my name is Chris Kerner and I've been buying
mobile home and RV parks since 2019 and I also
have a newsletter about it. Um, and I tweet about
mobile home and RV parks, believe it or not, and
I just love it. I started in single family back
in Alabama 2010, moved to Dallas a decade ago and
um I just I bought my first RV park in southern
Oklahoma and I fell in love and I just I don't

[21:00]
know why people buy single family at this point
because it just seemed so much more efficient.
Um yeah, a lot less uh a lot less operational
overhead I I would suggest. I mean clearly the
South is uh a little bit stronger uh year round.
you know, we're we're kind of limited up here to
about a six month time frame, but yeah, that must
be nice. I I can't imagine, you know, turning off
my phone for six months. It's not a bad deal.
Yeah. So, I I buy parks individually and then
I buy bigger campgrounds um as part of a fund as
well. This one I'm more curious about personally
as opposed to with my fund. Gotcha. What's a a
standard offer on something like this? Yeah. So,
usually I How have you been in real estate
for a while? You familiar with cap rates and
all that? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. So, I try
to buy at at a bare minimum 10% cap rate. So,
you take your net operating income for the year,
divide it by your potential purchase price. So,
making 100 grand a year in net profit. I try to
pay under a million for something like that. Um,

[22:01]
but there's a lot of different variables like
maybe your rents are way under market and if I
know that I can bring them to market fairly then
I could pay a little more for it. Or if there are
other kind of levers I can pull. If you had paved
roads, I could pay more. Uh I I like that you
already have Are you on city utilities or well in
septic? We septic. Okay. I mean, we're probably I
mean, from the actual closest town, I mean, it's
20 miles, so Okay. Web wouldn't come into us,
which of them, you know, full water. Yeah. They're
kind of shut down right now. Low water. Gotcha.
And yeah, so that's that's kind of who I am. You
could look me up online of I'm I'm kind of weird,
but I'm not a scammer. So, well, yeah, that's I
mean, I tried recalling the number when I got the
text because I normally don't, you know, I if I if
I engage in text with people about the campground,
it seems like I'm texting for weeks and I really
don't have time for that. So, yeah, prefer to just
place the phone call, get it over with. Um, but
it was weird that it it definitely didn't ring

[23:01]
through. That was a little abnormal when I called
just now. Yeah. Well, the reason is because I use
software to send the text and then the number
I'm calling from right now is my iPhone. So,
Gotcha. That's why. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Well, um
I guess I got your info here. I think the the land
itself is is definitely worth probably more than
what you're going to factor in from a, you know,
rate of return on the rents perspective. But
how much land? Uh, I think well we're uh in the
process of of adding another 20 seasonal spots.
I think that would probably encompass probably
I don't know around 20 acres something like that.
Okay. And then your park's using like a maybe what
20% of that? No. So we are uh what are we now?
We're about 12 acres I think. So we're adding
another eight to it. It's just still land. It's
just we uh ran out of shoreline spots. Those have

[24:02]
been booked last year and this year. So, those
were seemingly going faster than the offshore. So,
we just decided to create some more onshore. Okay.
I mean, technically, we probably have a mile and a
half of shoreline. It's just as uh as they uh
continue to express interest and waiting list
grows, then we just build out, I guess. But the
new stuff doesn't have uh kind of mature overhead
tree cover that the existing does. Okay. So, we'll
have to be planting there. But So, how big is the
total parcel? I mean, if you have a mile and a
half of shoreline, that's a ton. Yeah. I mean,
we've got I mean, farming and ranching is our
typical or go-to. That's our that's our money
maker. This is kind of a side gig for us. So, I
don't know. I mean, we we've got over I don't know
two 3,000 acres, something like that. But but only
a portion of that obviously is Shoreline. Okay.
Well, yeah. I mean, if you ever decide to sell
and you want to talk prices, I' I'd love to chat.
Yeah, we can uh I've got a I'll I'll get with
a partner of mine here and see where we're see

[25:03]
our thoughts are. I don't know. I mean, it's nice
to have mailbox money at this point. Um you know,
so we'll see if we're willing to part with
anything or, you know, money always talks. So,
Sure. Okay. This is my personal cell phone.
So, if you want to save it, um I can text you
my my first and last name if that helps. And we
I'll do a little bit of a Google search here and
make sure uh that I'm, you know, not giving
away too much information to to a competitor
or something of that nature. Yep. I don't blame
you. Yeah. Appreciate the call here and uh yeah,
go ahead. Send that over and and we'll take her
from there. Okay. Thanks, man. Yeah. Bye. Bye.