[00:00]
What if I told you that there's a
business where people literally pay you
to torture themselves and they're
freaking addicted to it? I spent the
last month diving deep into the mobile
sauna and cold plunge industry. And
guys, the numbers are kind of nuts here.
Why did I look into this industry?
Because I emailed my newsletter, 30
business ideas, and this one came in as
number one that you wanted to learn
about. So, here we are. I'm talking
about operators pulling 10 to $50,000 a
month with 50% gross profit margins. and
some are hitting break even in only 75
days. Now, why is this happening? Well,
the cold plunge market hit $318 million
two years ago and is projected to hit
half a billion dollars by 2030. And the
crazy part is that search volume for
cold plunge and sauna keywords increased
370%
over the last couple years. People are
googling this stuff like it's going out
of business. By the end of this video,
you're going to know exactly how to
enter this market, what equipment to
buy, how to find customers, and most
importantly, how to avoid the mistakes
that cost these guys tens of thousands

[01:00]
that cost these guys tens of thousands
of dollars. I wanted to look at five
different business models in this space
so you could compare and contrast which
ones you like or prefer. And I'm going
to break down all five and rank them
from five to one. And I like number one
so much, I went ahead and interviewed
the guy at the end of this. You're not
going to learn this stuff anywhere else.
So, let's get started.
All
right, in fifth place is Denver Mobile
Sauna. This is Denver Mobile Sauna run
by a guy named Micah. Now, I'm only
ranking this business fifth because the
competition is so high between these
five businesses that I'm profiling.
There's nothing wrong with this
business. Denver Mobile Sauna is a
mobile sauna and cold plunge business
outside of Denver, which is the same
type of business that my number one on
this list has, but I'll get into why I
prefer that business in a little bit.
So, just to set the stage, they have
mobile sauna and cold plunge units that
they drive around, drop off, and rent
out. Here's how their pricing works. 300
bucks for 2 hours, 450 bucks for 4
hours, $5.25 for 8, or $600 for an
overnight rental. And for an extra $200,

[02:00]
overnight rental. And for an extra $200,
you can rent for the whole weekend. So,
the math here is straightforward. If
you're doing just 10 rentals a month at
an average of $450, then you're looking
at $4,500 in monthly revenue. But your
costs are minimal. It's basically just
your time and your labor and a little
bit of gas. You do have to maintain the
equipment and pay for insurance, but
those costs are very minimal. I like the
idea of charging both per hour, per day,
and per weekend because this is called
price anchoring. Someone goes to the
website with the intent to book it per
hour, and they see that they can pay
just a little bit more to book it for
the weekend. About 70% of the time,
they're going to go with that option.
he's going to spend the same amount of
time and money and work picking that
thing up and dropping it off whether
they rent it for 2 hours or 2 days. So,
you might as well juice a little more
revenue out of it. And the interesting
part is that he's not just doing drop
offs. He's partnering with wellness
studios for pop-up events. That's one
thing that's unique to this business
that I didn't see in a lot of others.
This creates a recurring revenue stream
without having the overhead of a
physical location. And the beauty of

[03:00]
physical location. And the beauty of
this model is that you can start it as a
side hustle. You don't have to quit your
full-time job. If you do two to three
rentals on the weekends, then you're
making an extra $1 to $2,000 a month
just from weekends. Okay, fourth place
is Cedar Grove Sauna. This owner turned
a side hustle into an empire. Jackie
Stratton up in Maine owned Cedar Grove
Sauna and she is a freaking legend.
Here's why. She started this business in
2020 as just a side hustle looking for
some offseason cash, if you will. Fast
forward a few years and she's serving 8
to 12,000 people per year. Let me repeat
that. 12,000 people per year. And what
blew my mind about this is her
operation. She only burns through 10
cords of wood annually. And now one cord
of wood is about half of a truck bed
full. And depending on the market you're
in, a cord of wood is going to cost you
between $400 and $900. So right off the
bat, we know that her yearly wood cost,
which is her only real cost of goods
sold, is going to be between $400 and
$9,000. She has eight staff members and
she operates two fixed locations plus

[04:02]
she operates two fixed locations plus
one mobile unit. Now, the reason I
ranked her above Denver mobile saunas is
because she's hedging your bets. Having
a physical location sends a signal to
the market that you're here to stay,
that you're permanent, and maybe that
you're a little more expensive. It's
like when I used to operate iPhone
repair stores, I could charge much more
at my stores that were fixed in a
shopping mall next to a McDonald's as
opposed to my locations that were just a
mall kiosk or in an airport because my
customers had no clue if I was actually
going to be there a month later if they
had a warranty claim to file. Don't
underestimate the signal that this real
physical fix location sends to the
market and how much it helps you stand
out from your mobile only competitors.
Now, Jackie's mobile unit rotates weekly
to different locations across New
England. And the brilliant part about it
is that she's built an email list of
sauna afficionados. These are people
that literally plan their summer
Tuesdays around her events. She's
created a community, not just a
business. And I've noticed that she's so

[05:00]
business. And I've noticed that she's so
committed to authenticity that she takes
international study trips to Finland,
Lithuania, Latvia, and Sweden. She's not
just running a sauna business for some
extra cash. She's become the sauna
expert in her local market. And that
also sends a signal that you're a
premium option and that you know what
you're talking about. So what started as
just a co era side hustle has
transformed into a full-time operation
because her demand was overwhelming.
That's the power of starting small and
letting customer demand pull you
forward. It's kind of like when Crumble
launched. I read so many articles that
talked about the thousands of cookie
recipes that they tested and how they
took all of their learnings from Silicon
Valley and from building tech products
and put it into the cookie business.
That story sells. Believe it or not,
that story enabled them to sell more
cookies when you might think on the
surface that they're not interrelated at
all. So, when it comes to Jackie's
business up in Maine, my key takeaway is
that community beats competition every
single time. She's not just selling
sauna time. This is not just a
commodity, not just a way for her to

[06:01]
commodity, not just a way for her to
make some extra money. She sold a whole
experience, became an expert in it, and
built a tribe around it. Okay, third
place, Chill Wagon Wellness. And I love
that among these five businesses that
I'm ranking, we're hitting all pockets
of the United States, not just the cold
markets for the saunas or the hot
markets for the cold plunges. This model
works anywhere and everywhere. So, Chill
Wagon Wellness, I call these guys the
young guns. Vincent and Brock down in
Arizona, 22 years old, doing over
$60,000 in monthly revenue. Here's
exactly how they're doing it. Their
revenue model is private bookings, $350
to $500 for a 2-hour minimum. Then they
do events where they set up their units
at festivals and farmers markets and
charge $35 to $45 per person just for
one quick session. Then they even do
corporate jobs where they come into
companies and charge $1,500 for a half
day where all of the employees can use
the units for free. Their operational
costs per event are only $30 to $60,

[07:01]
costs per event are only $30 to $60,
which is just ice and gas. Real quick,
please subscribe to my channel. I know
it's kind of lame to ask, but it means a
lot. Thanks. Here's what their setup
looks like. It's a custom trailer that
has two cold plunges with jets and a
sauna for five people, compression
boots, synthetic turf, and a really
clean layout. But what makes them
brilliant is not their trailer. It's the
fact that they're not just offering
sauna and cold plunges. They created a
whole experience around this that's
called plunge.
It's a branded event that's basically
workout, then cold plunge, then sauna,
then a coffee social. What's brilliant
about this is the increased surface
area. You're casting a wider net. Maybe
some of these people have no interest in
a sauna or a cold plunge. They just want
some coffee and hang out with their
friends. Maybe some of these people just
love cold plunges, don't even drink
coffee, but they're going to go for the
cold plunge. It provides endless upsell
opportunities, endless surface area, and
enables you to capture those customers
that intend to come for a one-time

[08:00]
that intend to come for a one-time
experience and to sell them on recurring
experience as well. But their businessto
business strategy is where they really
shine here. They partnered with another
local business called Burn Boot Camp and
a few other local gyms. And the gym
owners love these guys because it
elevates the entire event. It's kind of
like having a great clips inside a
Walmart. It's a symbiotic relationship.
You go to get your haircut, you know
what? You might as well pick up a
watermelon. You go to pick up a
watermelon and hey, I need a haircut.
It's co-arketing. These are businesses
that don't compete with each other, but
they're attracting the same type of
customer, someone concerned about their
health. And it enables the business
owners to position themselves as
Arizona's premier wellness concierge and
not just a mobile sauna. And now that I
think about it, Denver Mobile sauna was
number five because they weren't really
doing any of these cool special things.
They weren't doing the hard things.
Remember, the harder way is usually the
better way. Coordinating events, calling
other business owners, forming
partnerships, that's just hard. And
there are risks associated with it, but
that's what helps you stand out. Surely,

[09:00]
that's what helps you stand out. Surely,
it's not cheap for Jackie up in Maine to
fly to Finland to learn more about how
saunas work. And you're not going to see
an immediate return on investment with
stuff like that. But over the long run,
if you're willing to play the long game,
it pays dividends. All right. Now, these
guys in Arizona, they spent 3,500 bucks
on Facebook ads and generated 80% of
leads from that ad spend. And I would
bet that of the remaining 20%, a lot of
it came from that ad spend as well. but
it just happened organically. For
instance, you see a paid ad and you
share it with a friend. Depending on
what your attribution looks like, in
other words, depending on how granularly
you're looking at that data from
Facebook, you may or may not capture
that additional organic customer that
came from your paid ad. And these guys
are focusing on business owner
testimonials over just individual
reviews. And this is because their
businessto business strategy is first
and foremost. And business owners trust
other business owners more than they
trust individual consumer reviews. So
they really really put a lot of effort
into trying to get testimonials, case

[10:01]
into trying to get testimonials, case
studies, and reviews from business
owners that they're partnering with,
other gyms or corporate events,
festivals, etc. These guys also have a
huge location advantage. Scottsdale and
Phoenix is a wealthy demographic that
has yearround demand for cold plungers
because it's freaking hot. It has a
fitness obsessed culture. And when they
launched, somehow they had zero
competition. They've since added mobile
IV therapy for additional revenue
streams. That's going to be a whole
other video. And I love that these
22-year-olds really understand that in
the wellness space, the money comes from
stacking services to maximize your RPC,
revenue per customer. Med spas do this
really well as well. Okay, time for
number two. This guy's name is Sam. He
has a business down in Cleburn, Texas,
about an hour from me. I interviewed him
on my podcast a year ago. It was episode
84 on audio. Came out on October 28th,
2024 or on YouTube. You could see that
interview in the show notes below. Now,
this business is called dripsa.co. And I

[11:00]
this business is called dripsa.co. And I
promise they're not ranked number two
just because I interviewed the owner and
I know more about it. It's because of
the piggyback method, which I'll get to
in a minute. So, the owner of Drip
Sauna, Sam, is a guy that's a lot like
me. He's distracted. He's launching all
kinds of different businesses. He had a
fencing business that did well, and then
he's like, "Eh, let's try something
else." Then he started installing stock
tanks, which looks something like this.
You buy it at Tractor Supply for 500
bucks. He installed some pool equipment
from Amazon that cost one or two hundred
bucks. Graded the land, put it down,
charged $3 to $5,000, grew it with
Facebook ads. It's kind of like a kiddie
pool, but nicer and also for
millennials, and it's just a way to cool
down in the hot Texas heat. He started
that business and crushed it and is
still crushing it. Still growing it.
That's a whole other episode as well.
But then he started thinking about the
contrast therapy business, which is what
we're talking about. Cold plunge to
sauna, sauna to cold plunge, back and
forth, all kinds of health benefits,
yada yada yada. But he thought, I only
want to launch this if I can piggy back
on another business and immediately tap
into their customer base. So he gets a

[12:00]
into their customer base. So he gets a
couple business partners and he starts
looking around. Is there a gym? Is there
some sort of a business that I can put
this inside of because you don't need a
big footprint and just immediately start
tapping into their customer base. Kind
of like that Walmart Great Clips example
I just gave. And they came up with this
idea because they went to a bachelor
party in Louisiana. They woke up with
hangovers and they went and did contrast
therapy and that was their light bulb
moment. We need to bring this to Texas.
But here's where it gets brilliant. They
spent 2 years trying to find the right
standalone location. Then Sam went to
the gym one day. He saw a picture of
some unused space, sent it out to his
business partners and said, "Hey, what
if we just see if we can use this
space?" It was about two bedrooms worth
of space. So he talked to the manager.
The manager said, "This could be
interesting." They worked out a deal and
Sam started with four infrared saunas
that cost $7 to $8,000 each. All of
these can be financed. He bought two
Colt plunges at $10,000 each. And he
paid $2,000 a month to the gym to rent
the space. Now, it's positioned in the
perfect spot. You walk into the gym, you
get checked in, you start going to the

[13:00]
get checked in, you start going to the
equipment, and you walk right by this
space. Within a few months, they had 130
monthly recurring members that were
paying them $75 a month for unlimited
usage of their units. That's a 45minute
session. Or if they wanted to
accommodate walk-in customers, they just
charged 30 bucks per session. In case
you're not doing the math, that's over
$10,000 of monthly recurring revenue,
and they broke even in under a year,
including paying off all their
equipment. Their one regret, they didn't
install drains underneath the cold
plunges because swapping out the water
is kind of a pain. So, if you're going
to do this, install a drain. Their
competitors are charging over twice that
same amount, 150 to 175 a month for the
same exact equipment. And it's more
inconvenient for the customers because
now they have to go to the gym and then
they have to drive to the contrast
therapy place. They are a one-stop shop
and less than half the price. And their
rent is even cheaper than their
competitors as well. Same equipment,
half price, more convenient for

[14:00]
half price, more convenient for
everyone. Win-winwin. And if some of his
customers want to bring the cold plunge
to them, he will install a stock tank at
their house. And that's a very unique
setup. He makes around $1,500 profit per
job on those stock tank installations.
And he finds almost all of his customers
from Facebook ads. And anytime you're in
entrepreneurship, you always want to
offset the reliable recurring stuff with
the one hits, the higher ticket
offerings. The sonic cold plunge
business brings in monthly recurring
revenue. The stock tank installation
business brings in thousands of dollars
at a time and it's just nice because
being an entrepreneur is extremely
volatile. Income is extremely lumpy and
it's nice to be able to smooth that out
a little bit. This one's number two
because of the gym partnership. He's got
a built-in customer base on day one.
There's natural cross promotion
opportunities. The gym shares their
email list with him. He doesn't need any
marketing because the foot traffic is
the marketing. And I always like to say
in any retail business, you can either
pick the best location or you can pick

[15:00]
pick the best location or you can pick
an okay location and spend a lot more
money in marketing. Your location is
your marketing. Now, here are the
tactics that Sam uses to acquire
customers. He makes this first session
free. This creates an addiction. People
love how they feel afterwards. He offers
both private and public cold plunges.
Private for introverts, public for the
social content for the extroverts.
That's also a built-in viral marketing
tactic. And this just a great business.
So, time for number one. Purely nomadic
sauna up in Grand Rapids, Michigan, home
of the University of Michigan. This is
Danny. I spent an hour talking to him
last month. And I just love the way he
did things from the start. He started
with one unit. He paid $22,000 for it.
And then he added a second unit for
$10,000 once he had enough demand for
that. He's forecasting a full payback of
all of this money within 12 to 18 months
with 50% profit margins. This business
is great for him because he also has a
home inspection business and it helps
offset that income. And one kind of
intangible that I love about this
business is that Danny gets his four

[16:01]
business is that Danny gets his four
kids involved to teach entrepreneurship
to his family. And as a father of four
kids, I completely endorse that. He also
noticed that his customers have more
demand for a wood burning authentic
experience. Remember, when it comes to a
sauna, you can do infrared, you can do
electric sauna, and you can do wood
burning sauna. Now, of course, wood
burning is a little harder. You got to
supply the wood. That comes out of your
cost. If you use pine, it's going to
burn quickly. You want to use oak
because it's more dense, but it's also
more expensive and heavier to carry
around. But Danny says it is well worth
it. He finds his customers on Facebook
Marketplace. That's it. Not boosted
posts, not paid ads, just organic free
posting to Facebook Marketplace. And his
pricing 350 per day, 650 per weekend,
which is Friday evening to Monday
morning or 1,200 for a full week. His
biggest business is saunas, but people
can pay a little extra to add on a cold
plunge, which is just an inflatable tub
that cost, I think, a few hundred. Now,
I really love the way Danny did this
because his other business, Home

[17:01]
because his other business, Home
Inspection, is kind of seasonal. So,
this business offsets that seasonality.
So, if you have or want a seasonal
business, the best way to combat that
seasonality is to add another seasonal
business to the other seasons. My friend
owns a bunch of pressure washing
businesses and he says the best thing a
pressure washing business can do is to
start a Christmas light installation
business. If he could do it all over
again, he would have bought his second
unit first because his second unit was
cheaper and it's a lot lighter because
it's an aluminum cedar hybrid. It weighs
about half as much and you can move it
by hand. Another thing I love about his
story is that he was the first mover in
Grand Rapids much like the guys in
Scottsdale. Do a simple scrape on
AdScraper or just do a simple Google
search on Google Maps and see if you
have competitors within an hour of you.
Now, I'm just going to sound like an
eternal optimist here, but whether you
have a lot of competitors or no
competitors, either one could be good. A
lot of competitors could signal a lot of
market awareness, a lot of people
looking for this service, a lot of
opportunity to stand out and be better.
No competitors means less market

[18:00]
No competitors means less market
awareness, not a lot of people could be
searching for it. But if you can educate
the market a little bit, you can be
first because surely eventually there
will be other competitors. Why not be
first? Now, if you really want to get
into the nitty-gritty about insurance
cost, towing capacity, what his cash
cows are, other customer acquisition
strategies, where he finds his wood,
where he finds operational efficiencies,
how he partners with wedding parties,
birthday parties, events. Check out my
interview with him right at the end of
this episode. All right, key takeaways
from all five of these businesses.
Facebook ads. Facebook ads. Facebook
ads. Facebook ads. They're driving 60 to
80% of leads across multiple operators.
And the great thing about Facebook ads
is that you can start with just a
Facebook Marketplace post. If you've got
demand on Facebook Marketplace, then
you'll have even more demand if you
boost that Facebook Marketplace post.
And then you'll have even more demand if
you're willing to do proper Facebook
ads. Also, I made a 45minute video
called Facebook Ads Guide for Noobs.
That's in the show notes as well. Of
these five businesses, the ones that are
doing the best are partnering. They're

[19:00]
doing the best are partnering. They're
partnering with existing businesses that
have the same customer base. Gyms,
wellness studios, Airbnbs. Make your
first session free. Get testimonials
from business owners, not just from
consumers. Offer tiered pricing. Just
like the popcorn at the movie theaters,
you're probably going to go for the
biggest one because there's only 79
cents extra. The same principle applies
here. Also, when you book these
corporate events, it's a lot more
surface area. Every single employee that
uses your unit on their employer's dime
might become a customer of yours on an
individual level. You're not selling
cold plunges. You're not selling saunas.
You're selling longevity. You're selling
an experience. You're selling doing hard
things. You're selling that feeling that
people get when they come out of these
things. You're selling the sizzle, not
the stake. Do not underestimate
location. Ever. Never underestimate
location. Whether that's physical
location or a digital location of where
you're advertising your business, it's
everything. This industry is still in
the education phase, but you will be
riding a title wave. We're still very
early. We'll probably still be early in

[20:01]
early. We'll probably still be early in
3 to 5 years. That means you got to be
patient. Probably helps if you have a
love for this thing as a user of saunas
or cold plunges. It'll help this
business or side hustle be more
sustainable for you. All right, guys.
You know, I'm always looking for ways to
help you make more money with less
effort. Well, High Level is, too. And I
think that's why I like it so much.
While everyone else out there is
switching between 10 different apps,
HighLevel puts everything in one clean
dashboard. You can send emails, track
leads, build funnels, schedule
appointments, everything. And no more
logging into a bunch of different
platforms. Your clients think you're
some tech wizard when really all you did
is stop making things so complicated.
Sometimes the best ideas are the simple
ones. So check out
gohighlevel.com/krrisker
link below if you want to see what I
mean. If you use that link, they'll give
you a 30-day free trial. All right,
without further ado, please hear from
Danny directly. I've nomadic son is up
in Michigan. Share this with a friend
that might want to start this business.
And thanks for hanging out on the Kerner
office. Okay, so you start cold plunging

[21:00]
office. Okay, so you start cold plunging
literally in a lake by cutting out the
ice. You're into it. Your wife's not.
Then you're like, "All right, to get the
full benefits, we got to do sauna and
cold plunge."
&gt;&gt; You get an infrared sauna. You don't
like it so much. You build a real sauna.
You like it. And then at that point, cuz
your your brain works kind of like mine.
And it's like, all right, how do I
monetize this?
&gt;&gt; Actually, when I built the cold plunge
in the backyard, my wife was like, "Oh,
if you're going to do this crazy thing,
I'll do it with you." So, she actually
jumped pretty quickly jumped on board
and really enjoyed it. So, yeah. So, I
started looking at what it would cost to
build one. And I was like, the cost, the
time, I don't know if I can do that. And
then I saw a guy over in Minnesota post,
hey, I got three saunas. I'm switching
kind of how I do my business. I'm
selling them. Here's the pricing. And I
looked at him and I was like, yeah. And
I started doing the math in my head and
I'm like, I can't build them for the
amount of time. And I started thinking
like, okay, I'm taking time away from my
other for my home inspection business.
I'm like, I can't do it for cheaper than
this.
&gt;&gt; And this is for a mobile sauna
specifically,
&gt;&gt; correct? Correct.
&gt;&gt; What was the price?
&gt;&gt; I bought two of them actually from him.

[22:00]
&gt;&gt; I bought two of them actually from him.
One was a hair over 20 grand. The other
one was under 10 grand. I originally
wanted one. Kind of reached out, said,
"Hey." So he shot me some videos, gave
me some details, and I was like, "Hey,
yeah, I got to do this." So we talked
about it, reached out, said, "Yep." So I
drove out there, picked it up. When I
was out there, I was looking at kind of
the other two he had for sale, and I was
like, "Yeah, maybe if you know, if
things go good, we can at some point do
something." And
&gt;&gt; if you have one rental unit of any in
any business, you rent it out and you're
done. You can't rent it out again.
Right. So that's probably what you're
thinking. You're optimistic. You're
like, "Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm feeling pretty good
about this. Like, I'm gonna buy one,
might as well buy two." Yeah. Yeah. So,
I get back and I start using it and part
of the thing was like, hey, I've never
had a wood wood burning one, so it's
going to take me some time to figure
this out. I love sauna. Like, hey, so
almost every night we're cranking up the
sauna. I just parked at my in my
driveway. Neighbors were coming over
just kind of doing a little community,
you know, community sauna. So, yeah,
just kind of enjoying it, figuring out
the little quirks. And you know, I think

[23:00]
the little quirks. And you know, I think
what I've realized through one of my
favorite things about business and
starting businesses is figuring out the
process and and kind of creating
efficiencies around the process. And so
I was like, okay, how can I make this
process the most efficient? And I mean,
I got to kind of try it and figure it
out and make mistakes. And yeah, just
have fun with it so I can kind of do
that. So I started doing that. My wife
is a designer, so she started doing some
of the working on some of the backend
design. and we started the website and
you know one of the things obviously the
sauna doesn't have too many consumables
other than wood. I mean that's obviously
the biggest expense if you will and my
parents they live on a farm and they
have access to a lot of free wood.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So when it comes to the wood is
there like an authentic sauna that
doesn't need wood necessarily or if
you're going to start a business in this
like you kind of need an authentic sauna
that's wood
&gt;&gt; you can do electric. There are electric
saunas where you can get like steam and
it can feel very close. The problem with

[24:00]
it can feel very close. The problem with
that is well, how are you going to
guarantee that there's the correct power
source on site? I mean, with electric
vehicles, people do have a lot more 30,
40, 50 amp plugs in their garage, but I
mean, at least here in West Michigan,
most people don't have that. So, you
know, okay, do I drag a generator along?
Then you got to
&gt;&gt; so the wood burning is critical for the
rental aspect because of the power issue
&gt;&gt; because of the mobile and the power.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Whereas if this were a fixed at
someone's home then it wood burning is
not as important.
&gt;&gt; No. No. Then you could easily do the
electric and still get with some of the
nicer electric ones. You can definitely
get a lot more.
&gt;&gt; Is it the full real experience as an
electric one? Like if I wanted one at my
house would I be okay with electric or
is it kind of not fully authentic or
effective? There's something about the
nostalgia of just like actually feeding
a fire wood. I mean, I'm kind of a pyro.
&gt;&gt; I'm a pyro pyro at home. I get it.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like, oh, there's something
there's something about that. You can
put it at a, you know, on your driveway
in the city. You can take it out to your

[25:00]
in the city. You can take it out to your
lakehouse. You can take it out to the
woods. You know, it's like, yeah, there
you can have it in a lot different
areas. the guy in Minnesota who I bought
them from, he had actually worked out a
deal with the Minnesota parks where he
had it parked at one of their like boat
launches. So, he'd kind of feed them
some of the proceeds as a fee to have it
there and then he's kind of going more
instead of like a So, the way I do
things is it's more of either a weekend
or a week weekl long rental. So, I bring
it out, drop it off, give you all the
woods, teach you how to use it, and then
come back and pick it up.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, when you go out to see these,
you end up buying two of them then? So,
I bought the first one, drove that home.
It was probably a couple months later,
he texted me. He goes, "Hey, I got
somebody interested in the other one.
I've already done business with you. I
know you kind of mentioned you were
interested. If you want it, I'll give
you kind of first dibs on it."
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you bring the thing home. When
does the mobile cold plunge come into
it?
&gt;&gt; That's an interesting thing that we've
been playing. So, I bought a couple of
there's like the inflatable kind of like

[26:00]
there's like the inflatable kind of like
the same like stand up paddle board
material type cold plunges. So, I've
picked up a couple of those. And what
I'm realizing is like, man, unless you
have a chiller in the summertime in
Michigan, it's hard to keep that water
cold. So, our goal or our idea is to
just kind of stick with those inflatable
tubs, bring those along. You can fill
them up, put ice in there, leave it
outside in the cold. It's not a higher
ticket rental item, but it's just one of
those add-ons where yeah, most people do
want to do that kind of contrast
therapy. What I've seen a lot of other
kind of sauna businesses do is they do
kind of like an outdoor shower type
deal. You hook the hose up to it, kind
of just either have like a pull string
or something where you can turn it on,
you know, get that cold water and get
back in the sauna. So, there's a couple
different options for doing that. And
yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, are you're not always renting
out both together? You rent out that
them out individually as well or they
always go together.
&gt;&gt; The saunas are the ones we mainly rent
out and then the cold plunge is kind of
an add-on if you will to the

[27:01]
an add-on if you will to the
&gt;&gt; the Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you don't rent out the cold plunge by
itself. No,
&gt;&gt; you primarily rent out the sauna and
sometimes people pay extra for the cold
plunge.
&gt;&gt; Correct. The cold plunge. Yep. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And it's just like it's just the
inflatable ones with the chiller on it.
Correct.
&gt;&gt; How much do those cost?
&gt;&gt; The inflatable ones are just a couple
hundred bucks. Those are pretty pretty
cheap. chillers. If you want a chiller,
then they're, you know, they're anywhere
from a thousand to, you know, couple
thousand bucks.
&gt;&gt; So, let's go back to when you first buy
the sauna, you bring it back home. What
does the business look like those first
30 days? What do you do first? Like,
when you start the website, when you
start marketing, how do you market all
that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I kind of took the
approach I did when I started my home
inspection business was I want to build
a good digital kind of foundation. I've
seen how Google how getting in early is
important and pays dividends in the long
run here in Grand Rapids. I don't know
of any other mobile sauna rental
companies. There's a couple on the
outskirts kind of outside of Grand
Rapids in West Michigan area, one up in

[28:01]
Rapids in West Michigan area, one up in
Rockford and kind of over by the lake
shore. But my thought was, okay, I want
to get in early and even if I'm not
running this thing full force, I at
least want to start laying that
foundation. So get in the Google
business, trying to start getting
reviews, trying to get the website up,
start putting pictures, start getting
kind of all those things that Google
likes to see.
&gt;&gt; So you do that first week or so?
&gt;&gt; Yep. First couple weeks doing that. We
just our daughter is coming up on 3
months old. So it's been a little it was
a little bit of a crazy time to decide
to to start a business, but that's how
life works out and you just got to roll
with it. But so one of the things we
decided to try was, hey, let's just
throw this out on marketplace, you know,
and not really push it hard yet, but
just kind of get some rentals under our
belt and kind of go through the process.
And so that's kind of what we did. Threw
it out there. And like anything on
marketplace, you get some, you know,
random people kicking tires and then you
get some people like, "Hey, I want it
for this weekend." And so got our first
couple rentals through that.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. What did your Facebook

[29:00]
&gt;&gt; Sorry. What did your Facebook
Marketplace post look like? Like you you
posted pictures of the unit. How did you
price it? Was it priced by the day, by
the week? And I imagine people were
probably on there looking to buy one
that not even looking for rentals. It
just kind of popped up.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. So, yeah, I just kind
of I put the day price on the listing
like, hey, mobile sauna rental, 350
bucks, and then in the description like,
hey, this is a mobile sauna. Here's some
details. Here's my pricing for weekend.
And then I put the website down there
like, hey, if you want more details,
here's a website. And that was kind of
just a funnel to get people through to
the website. I use Squarespace, so they
have the Acuity scheduling, so I threw
that up there. Yeah, I actually got a
couple rentals.
&gt;&gt; So, 350 for a day. And how much for a
week?
&gt;&gt; It's 650 for a weekend, Friday evening
to either Saturday evening or Monday
morning. And then a week is 1,200.
&gt;&gt; 1,200. Now, what does your average
customer look like? Is it a dad, a mom,
a family, a party, a group, a business?
This last one I had a wedding and the

[30:02]
This last one I had a wedding and the
wedding day the guys were like well I
mean the girls are doing the makeup and
all the you know the process of getting
ready the guys were like well we don't
have much to do so what are we going to
do like oh we'll rent a sauna and we'll
kind of hang out get some cool pictures
and yeah that way we kind of kill some
time but also not just be
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; twirling our thumbs so I've had birthday
party and a lot of it is people
interested in kind of the health and
wellness and just people who are yeah
looking at kind of experiencing
something different. I've had at least
one guy be like, "Yeah, I want to build
my own, but I wanted to kind of try
something out first before, you know,
&gt;&gt; before I start a threemonth process of
Yeah. building a sauna." So,
&gt;&gt; it's just surprising to me that a
wedding party would even think to do
that, you know, like why do you think
they thought let's rent a a mobile
sauna? Like, is it the culture up there
in Michigan or they're just becoming
more popular? It's not really West
Michigan. It's definitely not part of

[31:00]
Michigan. It's definitely not part of
the culture here. You go up to the upper
peninsula of Michigan and the sauna
culture is pretty strong up there. One
of the bigger colleges in Michigan,
Northern Michigan. I didn't get that
info. When I was talking to them,
they're like, "Oh yeah, we've all done
sauna." Like, you know, we've done
electric and wood. And so, they were
definitely somehow steeped in that
culture. But yeah, I think at this point
it's definitely mostly people who have
been around it and like, oh yeah. So we
have a small group from church and we we
rent out this big kind of lake. It's
during the win or during the summer it's
a summer camp. During the winter they
rent it out just to anybody who wants to
use it. So we rent that out every winter
and when we're out there that's kind of
where I started cold plunging. One of
the guys was like we got to rent a a
mobile sauna and bring it out here and
kind that's where I had kind of first
heard of that idea. Before that I would
have never you know never thought of
&gt;&gt; of that. Did you decide how to price it
for those first couple jobs? I kind of
went off of just kind of what other
saunas, you know, the two other
companies that were kind of semi close
by, kind of what they were going for and
I had been kind of watching their

[32:01]
I had been kind of watching their
calendars through the last last winter
to see, okay, what availabilities do
they have, how many weekends out are
they booked and just kind of getting
some of that data of like, you know, and
obviously not all of that could be true.
you know, sometimes they could be, you
know, having an event or doing something
themselves, but and then kind of basing
it on that just to have kind of similar
similar pricing to what they have. And
then, you know, and then the guy who I
bought him from in in Minnesota, he kind
of, you know, yeah, kind of went off of
kind of what he was doing, too. And he
was saying Minnesota, you know, he
started, I think, like four or five
years ago and was one of the first. And
now there's just, I mean, there's a ton
of mobile rental mobile rental companies
in Minnesota. So he said the market
there is definitely definitely happen.
&gt;&gt; Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and
100 other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,

[33:02]
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
&gt;&gt; You know, for me, it's like, hey, having
a couple other mobile sauna rental
businesses in the area is great because
it it builds awareness that, hey, this
is actually a thing that you can do when
you're you're the only one. It's Yeah.
You're you're kind of fighting upstream,
but it's nice to have Yeah. other people
kind of doing it, too. So,
&gt;&gt; how did you get your jobs after that
first wave of Facebook marketplace
posts?
&gt;&gt; So, we're still kind of in that in that
first wave. I'm starting kind of looking
at this next wave. I'm I think the
research I've done, you know,
summertime, not a huge not a huge market
for sas. You'll have the occasional guy
the guy in Minnesota, he's like, "Yeah,
I pretty much shut down during the
summer cuz this is a full-time thing."
And he's like, "Yep." I kind of shut
down, spend time with my family, do, you

[34:00]
down, spend time with my family, do, you
know, do other things. Just he's like,
"The first two years I marketed,
marketed, marketed. Couldn't really drum
up enough stuff to make it worth it." So
he's like, "If I get calls, I'll still
rent them out, but I'm not pursuing
anything. Not really, you know, pun the
pavement." And then he's like, but then,
you know, come the beginning of fall
once you start getting some cool
evenings, some cool days, he's like,
"That's when it just Yeah. when it
really takes off." So,
&gt;&gt; how long have you been at this business
now?
&gt;&gt; Three or four months. So, pretty new.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, first month goes by, you
get your first jobs, you like what you
see, then you decide to buy the second
one, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And was that a good decision? Were
you happy you did that? Were you able to
keep both rented at the same time, at
least occasionally?
&gt;&gt; So, I haven't gotten to that point yet.
So, I mean, at this point, financially,
is it was it a good decision? We'll see.
My big thing was with the amount of
interest there are in mobile saunas, I
don't have any fear that, you know, hey,
if it a year from now it's like I can't

[35:01]
if it a year from now it's like I can't
rent this thing out, you know. Yeah,
there's I can definitely offload it, but
I don't I don't foresee having an issue.
I think one of the I've been kind of
trying to play around with, okay, what
can I do off season, right, where I can,
you know, try to get these at least
semicconsistently booked up. And one of
the things I've thought about is
partnering with Airbnbs or other
short-term rentals where it's like, hey,
you can have this kind of as an add-on.
You know, when people are renting it
out, it'll draw attention to your
listing, but then also, you know, a way
to partner, especially for, you know, we
have a lot of lakes here in West
Michigan, Michigan. So, you know, a lot
of those lake, that's one of the things
that I've kind of seen where people are
willing to do the sauna even when it's
hot outside if they have a lake that
they can just kind of go and jump in.
And yeah,
&gt;&gt; you really haven't even gone through a
full season then. Correct. Like you
bought the second one to kind of prepare
for the winter time
&gt;&gt; to prepare for the winter. Yep. Yep. One
of my big things is kind of doing this
as a family. I want my kids to get that
entrepreneurial bug. I want them to see
kind of the process of okay, what does

[36:01]
kind of the process of okay, what does
it look like? And okay, what you know,
what are the ins and outs? And you know,
we're moving into this new world with AI
where, you know, that nine-to-five job,
you know, who knows what's going to
happen in that world. And I think being
able to know the process to to start a
business, to run a business, to operate
a business, and you know, to see some of
the frustrations and some of the, you
know, just like, okay, like what does
that look like? And so, yeah, exposing
my kids to that.
&gt;&gt; What other marketing channels have you
tested to to get bookings successfully?
&gt;&gt; So, those are the only ones I've done so
far.
&gt;&gt; Just Facebook Marketplace.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. I've had a couple events that
have kind of reached out. we just kind
of weren't ready for that. Like a
fitness there was a fit fitness week.
They were like, "Oh, can we set up the
sauna?" And I was trying to do that, but
just kind of didn't wasn't able to get
everything in place by then. But yeah,
so I think there's events like that. I
think long-term events aren't really my
goal. I try to guard my weekends and
evenings for family if I can, but I do

[37:01]
evenings for family if I can, but I do
know that that is one of the avenues a
lot of mobile sauna rental uh companies
do is what where they'll, you know,
either park it at a lake, park it in a
lot, do kind of a, hey, we got a 1 hour
time slot, got eight slots, you know, 30
bucks a person, and then you just kind
of have wave after wave, and you're
there kind of managing the sauna. So, I
do know that is one of the one of the
ways people do that. You know, again,
that is an option to get things rolling,
but again, the less weekend evening work
I can do, the better in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; When it comes to burning the wood in the
sauna, do you need a certain type of
wood? Like hardwood, soft wood does not
really matter.
&gt;&gt; To get it up to 190, 200°, you
definitely need a hardwood, oak, maple,
but oak. Oak is the best, the easiest
kind of to find around here. You know,
the drier it is, the hotter it's going
to burn. So, yeah. So having seasoned
hardwoods is definitely key. The nice
thing about the saunas is though they're
very efficient at burning. I thought

[38:00]
very efficient at burning. I thought
that was one of the things that I was
surprised by just the you throw a couple
logs in there to get her going and then
you know maybe one or two while you're
sawing and then that's really it. So
&gt;&gt; what kind of towing capacity do you need
to pull one of these things?
&gt;&gt; So the first one I bought is a little
bit beefier. It's 3500 lb. So you
definitely need, you know, like a fulls
size truck. The second one I bought is
actually it's a company. I think they're
out of Minnesota. It's aluminum trailer,
so it's pretty lightweight. And then
they use they frame it with cedar like
2x4s. And then the outside is a
thermoplastic. So it's kind of like a
translucent plastic. So it's super
light. So I can pick that one up, move
it around kind of by hand. At first when
I was like, this is a little I don't
know. But the more I use that one, I'm
like, this is definitely the way to go.
And as far as the sizing goes, that one
holds about as many as, you know, as
this bigger one. It just doesn't have a
changing room. So, you know, for c for
most situations, that one's just as

[39:01]
most situations, that one's just as
good.
&gt;&gt; What are you forecasting your payback
period will be? Like once the cold
season starts, how quickly do you think
you can pay off your first unit?
&gt;&gt; I think it'll take about a year, year
and a half. Insurance is, you know, it's
not cheap, but it's not expensive. It's
nothing crazy. It's a couple thousand
bucks and then it's like, you know, Yep.
And there's an additional 500 per person
after that first one. So from the amount
of interest, I'm already starting to
kind of have some bookings out into
fall. So there's already kind of some
some of that interest coming in. Again,
definitely not running this as my main
source of income, but just having
something, you know, on the sides.
Again, just trying to kind of create
separate revenue streams.
&gt;&gt; So I would think you've got like over
50% net margins with this business. Like
your costs are your gas, your costs are
the insurance, and then your time
&gt;&gt; and then wood, right? Is there anything
else I'm missing?
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah. Again, I have access to
free wood, so it's not a huge, you know,
but it's more the time of going out and
cutting it. And that is one thing I did
hear a lot from other business owners is

[40:01]
hear a lot from other business owners is
don't let people use their own wood.
Don't let people try to throw their
&gt;&gt; can't control what they do with it,
&gt;&gt; their old deck boards in there. And then
you're Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. What would you have done
differently looking back with this
business?
&gt;&gt; I mean, nothing at this point. I think
the only thing is I might have I
personally love this sauna that I'm in,
the bigger one. As far as, you know,
businesswise, I think the other one
makes more sense just as far as it's
easy to tow. It's it weighs less. I can
move it by hand. I probably would have
gone the other way. Started with that
other one. And what was the price and
size difference between the two?
&gt;&gt; So the first one was 20 like 2100 2200
something like that or 22,000.
&gt;&gt; 22,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 22,000.
&gt;&gt; And how big was it?
&gt;&gt; So it's got about a I think it's a 10
foot like hot room and then it has like
a a 4ft like changing room. It has a
solar powered battery for lights in the

[41:01]
solar powered battery for lights in the
sauna and it has a outside light. It's a
bigger stove. It's a nicer stove. It
looks a lot more kind of classic sauna.
&gt;&gt; All right, what' you think?