[00:00]
The craziest AI image editing tool that
the world has ever seen has just dropped
thanks to Google/Gemini. It's called
Nano Banana. And yeah, editing pictures
is cool, but starting businesses based
on editing pictures is even cooler. So
throughout the course of this video, I'm
going to walk you through soup to nuts a
toz exactly how to use Nano Banana, how
to vibe code an app that can edit
pictures with Nano Banana without any
coding experience cuz I don't have any.
And then how to scrape leads of
potential customers and text them
pictures that you edited for them on
their behalf without their permission to
get your foot in the door so they can
become a customer of yours and pay you a
lot of money every month to add value to
their life. So let's get going.
There are 2 million real estate agents
in America and about 70% of them list
homes for sale that either have bad
pictures or pictures of homes that
aren't staged. And that's a major
problem because homes that are staged,
as in homes that have furniture and
decorations and everything in it when
the pictures are taken sell
faster than homes that are not staged.

[01:00]
faster than homes that are not staged.
Furthermore, homes that are staged when
they're listed for sale sell for 6 to
10% more. We're talking about tens and
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
additional value for staging a home.
Okay, so that's the problem. That's the
pain point that we're seeking to solve
today. And now with Nano Banana, we have
a solution. Here's what the idea is. I'm
going to use a vibe coding tool that
uses Nano Banana on the back end to
attach a prompt to a picture that is
pulled from a home that is listed for
sale on Redfin or Realtor.com. It's
going to edit that picture according to
my prompt. And then I'm going to
proactively send that edited picture to
the realtor that has that listing. How's
the picture going to be different? Well,
if they're not professional pictures,
I'm going to use Nano Banana to make
them look like they were taken with a
DSLR expensive camera. Or if they are
professional, but it's not a staged
home, as in the interior photos have no
furniture, no decorations, no artwork.
I'm going to have Nano Banana add all
that. And then I'm going to proactively
give these pictures for free to the

[02:00]
give these pictures for free to the
listing agent. That's my foot in the
door to get his or her business for all
of their listings, both present and
future. Now, as long as your prompt is
not too complex, which mine will not be,
it costs about 3.9
to edit one picture. If a listing has 30
pictures, 10 of them are interior
photos, it's going to cost me 39 to edit
all of those pictures for the real
estate agent. Now, if I educate that
real estate agent and say, "Hey, what if
I could charge you a buck per photo to
make your home look staged or to make
the photos look like they were taken
with a DSLR camera?" That is the
asymmetric bet of the century. You've
got a 96% profit margin cuz you're
charging a dollar and you're paying 4.
They're only paying you $20 to increase
the likelihood of their home selling
faster and or for more money. What do
they have to lose other than $20? And
yes, I know what you're thinking. That's
not enough money. We need to charge
more. And don't worry, we will. I'm a
capitalist. You're a capitalist. We're
all on the same page. But I just want to

[03:01]
all on the same page. But I just want to
prove that realtors are willing to pay
for this service. All right, so without
further ado, let's go ahead and build
this app. It's going to be a web app
only used by us for now. And I'm going
to use Lindy to build it. I use Lindy
for my AI automations, but they just
added a vibe coding feature that I'm
really loving. So, let's do it. Here's
my prompt. use Gemini's Nano Banana API
to build a very simple web app where I
can upload up to 30 photos plus a prompt
to have the pictures edited and then I
can download the photos to my computer.
I'm going to click the build apps button
and we're off to the races. And while
that builds, I want to show you two very
cool things. First of all, here's what
Nano Banana is capable of. I took a
random picture off Zillow. I said, "Make
this picture look more professional."
Boom. Suddenly, this house has beautiful
green grass. Okay, not bad. Not bad.
Then I found another home that has a
picture of this ugly living room with no
furniture, no artwork. It needs to be
staged. This is how simple my prompt
was. Stage this room to look fully
furnished and decorated. I know you
didn't see it happen. You're going to

[04:00]
didn't see it happen. You're going to
have to trust me. It took 4 seconds to
spit out this picture. Boom. Look at
that. And it's the same room. It didn't
hallucinate. It's got the weird tile on
the floor right there. It has the
opening on the right. It has the window
in the middle. How much better does that
look? And yes, potential buyers of these
homes are going to be looking at
pictures that make the home appear
staged with furniture and artwork and it
is not actually staged in real life. And
yes, that's a bait and switch. But you
know what? It doesn't matter. If I'm a
potential home buyer and I see a
beautiful home that looks staged and
then I go see it and it's not staged,
who cares? Am I going to get mad at
someone? No. But I'm going to be more
likely to go tour that home because it
looked more beautiful because of the
furniture in the picture. So don't
overthink it. Overthinking is the enemy
to just launching. Lindy asked, "What
specific types of photo edits do you
want the prompt to support? What file
format should be supported? And do you
need any specific styling preferences on
this app?" And I said, "I'm going to be
adding furniture to photos of empty
rooms, all the common file types, clean,

[05:00]
rooms, all the common file types, clean,
modern design." All right, we're going
to time Lindy to see how long this
takes. It's 438 right now. Okay, so I
hopped over to chat GPT5 real quick and
I said, "Which real estate website has
the easiest API to work with if I'm vibe
coding a web app that will pull pictures
from listings?" If you're over here
wondering like what is an API? What is
your Don't worry. An API is just a
language that software uses to talk to
each other. If you get a notification on
your phone, that was probably powered by
an API. And you don't need to know what
it means. You just need to know how to
type it into your vibe coding app. Okay,
while Lindy builds this app, I'm going
to scrape some real estate agents phone
numbers. Okay, I'm here in Scraper. I'm
going to go to Google Google Maps data
scraper.
real estate agent.
I'm going to go Oklahoma. Let's go
Oklahoma City. Th000 max results. All I
care about is the phone number here.
Okay. Says it should take 7 to 25
minutes. Okay. Lindy has a rough draft

[06:02]
minutes. Okay. Lindy has a rough draft
of what we're building here. Furniture
room editor.indy.site.
It's asking me to do something weird my
with my API key. So, I'm going to have
it just integrate that feature into the
app. All right, here's how we get the
API key. We are at a
studio.google.com/appi
key. We're going to click create API
key. And my editor is going to blur this
out so you don't make my life difficult.
I'm going to create one in a new
project. Okay, there it is. That's it.
That's how you create an API key. You
click create API key, then you click
copy. That's it. It's as technical as
this gets. Okay, Lindy said that it
added a field for my API key. Obviously,
this is not long-term scalable. I don't
want it out there in the public. This is
literally a private password that should
never be shared. But honestly, I'm just
trying to make a quick video right now
and build a quick business right now
before I go to a yummy Thai restaurant
with my wife for our standing Saturday
night. So, we're going to make this
quick. Okay, here's what Lindy gave me.
There's my API key. Cool, cool, cool.

[07:02]
There's my API key. Cool, cool, cool.
Let's add some room photos. I'm going to
go to Oklahoma City on Zillow. Okay. And
I'm going to try to just randomly find a
home that doesn't look like it has
professional pictures.
Got them. That home needs some work. Oh,
you know what? Let's throw a curveball
real quick. Instead of taking an empty
room and staging it, we're going to take
an messy, ugly room. Well, we want to
keep it ugly cuz that's going a little
too far if we make a ugly room beautiful
because that is a definite bait and
switch and people will go tour the house
and not be happy. But we're going to
take a messy room. I've never tried
this. It's the first time. We're going
to take a messy room and make it clean.
How about that? Okay. Save image. You
know what? Let's do it with two photos
because our app is supposed to do it
with up to 30. So, there's a lot to work
with here. These are messy rooms. It's
terrible photos, bad lighting, etc.
Okay, so we'll try it with two pictures.
Go back to Lindy. Here's my prompt. Make
these bedrooms appear more organized and
less messy. But don't change the color

[08:00]
less messy. But don't change the color
of the floor or walls. It still needs to
be the same room. make the pictures
appear like they were taken with a DSLR
with great lighting. How cool is this?
So, I upload the photos and then there's
a preview right here. I've got my
prompt. I'm going to copy that just in
case it glitches on me. And the submit
button says add furniture to rooms. Now,
I'm throwing it for a loop because
that's not what I'm asking it to do.
But, let's see. Okay, it went really
fast. It took about a second per photo.
2 seconds total. Either it glitched out
or it's just really fast. Downloaded a
zip file. All right, here's what it did.
Drum roll, please. Oh, didn't change
anything. The pictures are the exact
same, but at least the the core
functionality works. It just appears
that it's not actually using the API cuz
nothing changed. Let's go ahead and do
the same prompt within Nano Banana.
Upload the same two pictures and see
what it spits out. There's a good lesson
in this. You're building a business and
you hit some friction. You will always
hit friction. There will always be
problems to overcome. You can go one of

[09:01]
problems to overcome. You can go one of
two ways with it. You can find a plan B,
a workaround, something not as good, not
as scalable, but it keeps the momentum
going, keeps the progress. Or you can
just say, "Me, I'm going to go look at
Instagram." Or, "Next, onto the next."
No, stop. Keep it going. Do things that
don't scale. Believe it or not, 67% of
the people that watch my YouTube videos
don't subscribe to me. And over 90%
think that they're subscribed to me. So,
do me a quick favor and check that
you're subscribed to me. If you're not,
please do. It would mean a lot. All
right. This is a little embarrassing.
thing. I'm not going to lie. But I
figured out what was happening with all
these bugs. It wasn't using my API
because my API wasn't ready to use yet.
I had to connect billing. Took three
clicks. Now everything's working. I
redesigned the app a little bit. I made
it more simple. Okay, here's what we're
working with. Let's try this. I'm going
to upload a picture and I'm simply going
to say add add furniture. Now, this is
my app. I just built this process. Okay,
took about 12 seconds. And look what it
spit out. Click to view isn't working,
but whatever. Download it. All right,

[10:00]
but whatever. Download it. All right,
there we have it. It's gorgeous. It
furnished the room. Okay, so my app is
working. Now, we're going to go back to
Outscraper and we're going to look and
see if it's done. Done. Awesome. Okay,
cool. Now, we're going to download it.
Okay, let's go ahead and open up this
data in Google Sheets. All right, here
we are. I'm going to delete all of the
columns that I don't want or need. I
don't need any of this stuff. I want the
name, the address, the phone number, the
type of phone number, and good to go.
All right, we only want cell phone
numbers. We're going to highlight all
these. Going to delete everything except
mobile. And we're going to delete
everything
that is unclassified.
Okay, we are left with 562
real estate agents in Oklahoma City that
have cell phone numbers. I no longer
need this column because I know they're
all mobile. I want to remove the
duplicates. Data cleanup. Remove
duplicates. Data as header row. Boom.
Cool. 542 left. Awesome. Let's go ahead

[11:03]
Cool. 542 left. Awesome. Let's go ahead
and remove the plus one and space from
these so they can all be standardized.
Awesome. Cool. Okay. Now, what we need
to do is get all of these leads out of
Google Sheets and into a CRM like
Highle. I've used High Level for years.
I love it. It's way cheaper than
HubSpot, and it can do a bunch of other
things as well. Okay, here's the leads.
Remember, we've already scrubbed them.
And we've deleted most of the columns.
We're just going to hit file, download
CSV. Then we're going to go into my
highle account. We're going to click
contacts, import contacts.
Next, click to upload. Boom. We got to
map them all out. Name, phone, street
address, city, postal code, state. Cool.
Easy enough. Next. Now, very, very
important part of this process. I need
to check this box. add imported contacts
to a workflow. I'm going to show you
that workflow in a minute. It's not hard
to set up. Check the box and then I'm

[12:01]
to set up. Check the box and then I'm
going to go to the workflow that I
already set up for the purposes of this
business of this video. Real estate
staging new lead. And I'll show you how
that works in a minute. Okay, very
important that I do this correctly. I
need to add tags to these imported
contacts. I created a tag called real
estate staging that will help me
separate these contacts from other
contacts I have in high level that I'm
using for other initiatives. And now
this specific tag is tied to a specific
pipeline/workflow
which I'm about to show you. So this tag
is not just to keep me organized but
it's to trigger an automation which I'll
show you here in just a sec. Start bulk
import. All right. Now I'm going to
click on opportunities and then I'm
going to hit this drop down here and go
to real estate staging pipeline. Boom.
Now you can see them coming in. Remember
I uploaded about 450 something. Here
they are. Okay. Now, I'm going to go
find a home for sale in Oklahoma City
that one of these realtors has listed.
And I'm going to find one that has
pictures that are not staged. Boom. Here

[13:01]
pictures that are not staged. Boom. Here
we are. There was a $60,000 price cut,
which means this probably isn't selling.
And maybe it's not selling because the
home is not staged correctly. I'm going
to click on all the photos. Boom. Boom.
Boom. I'm going to pick one. Cool. Let's
pick this uh dining room right here.
Save image as. Okay. Now, this is a
little manual, but we can automate this
later. As much as I love showing videos
how to automate everything, it's really
not important in the early stages
because oftentimes we get so caught up
in automating and perfecting and
overoptimizing everything that we never
actually get to launch the thing. So,
automations and time-saving tactics can
come later. So, part of this is going to
be done in a non-scalable way just so we
can get moving, so we can have some
momentum under our feet. Okay, let's go
into this app that I vibe coded. We're
going to upload the picture and I'm
simply going to say add furniture. The
most simple prompt ever. While this is
processing, let's go back to the listing
and see who the listing agent is. Brenda
Hawk. Okay, awesome. She should be in

[14:01]
Hawk. Okay, awesome. She should be in
our scrape list, but there's a chance
she isn't. Let's check. Okay. Boom.
Picture's done. We're going to look at
her right there. Looks a lot better.
We're going to download it. Awesome.
Now, let's go back into our contacts.
There's Brenda right there. Perfect.
Click on her name. We're going to scroll
down here. Click on additional info. You
can see a ton of custom fields in here.
File upload. There it is. Real estate
staging. That is the custom field that I
added to all of these contacts. That is
also a trigger. When I upload a photo to
this real estate save staging section,
it will trigger an automation to text
that person. I'm going to show you how
it works in real time. Upload a file.
There it is. Click save. Okay,
look at that. Okay, that's a text. Me
uploading that file triggered a text.
Let me show you how and where and why
that text message happens. We're going
to click on automation. These are some

[15:01]
to click on automation. These are some
of my workflows. Real estate texting
setup. And look, total enrolled one,
active enrolled one. That's Brenda. I
just texted her. Click on that. Here's
how it works. Contact changed. Real
estate staging has changed. Okay, that's
the trigger. That was me uploading the
photo that triggered this SMS. Hey,
first name. I saw your listing here on
Zillow and notice you didn't have a
staging setup yet. I went ahead and
mocked up a demo. Interested in more?
Let's chat. And then it puts in a link
to the picture. And then it will connect
it to an opportunity, which basically
turns it from a contact to a warm lead.
And here's how I have the settings if
you want to pause it and copy those.
Now, when this happens, it will also
update the pipeline, which I'll show you
right here. You go back here,
opportunities, real estate staging
pipeline. Look at this. This is called a
canban board. Companies like Trello and
Pipe Drive do this really well. And so,
as part of that workflow, it
automatically moved her from just a new
lead to a text sent. And then it'll go a

[16:01]
lead to a text sent. And then it'll go a
step further. If over a certain time
period she doesn't respond, it'll go
into no response. And then I will
automatically follow up. If she does
respond, then it will go into response.
If she calls me or I call her, it will
automatically go to called. And then as
she proceeds down the pipeline, maybe I
give her some free samples. Maybe I sell
her a few pictures. Maybe she joins a
monthly recurring plan for 500 bucks a
month for unlimited revisions to
unstaged photos. I can continue moving
her down the pipeline. And then I can
assign a value to her as a lead or as a
customer. So you can see the value of
the total leads or total customers at
any stage in the pipeline. Super cool
stuff. If you click into the
opportunity, you can create a task with
automatic reminders. You can book an
appointment through here. You can add
notes. It's a CRM, right? But on
steroids. And then if I want to navigate
back to our conversation, our text
conversation, I can just click that
bubble right there and we're good to go.
So that's a wrap. Nano Banana is pretty

[17:00]
So that's a wrap. Nano Banana is pretty
incredible. It's kind of fun to say
that. and it unlocks a whole world of
new business opportunities. This is just
one of thousands. But just like in your
hometown, there's a dozen auto repair
shops. There could, should, and will be
hundreds, if not thousands of agencies
out there one day doing little tasks
like these. Nothing is too niche.
Nothing is too small anymore. We're on a
planet with 8 billion people, and we're
all connected by the internet. There
could be a thousand of these agencies
that just edits photos for real estate
agents, and there'd still be room for
everyone. If you want to take this a
step further and you want us to do all
the highle automations and pipelines and
workflows for you or even build a highle
website for you, we can help you with
all that. I have a private community for
people that are serious about building
or starting a business. It's called TK
Owners. You can find us at tkowners.com.
And it includes a $97 a month highle
account. We have a master account and so
we can have unlimited sub accounts under
us. So for $99 a month to be in TK
owners, 97 of that is paid for if you
use any of these highle features. In
addition, you get weekly AMAs with me,

[18:00]
addition, you get weekly AMAs with me,
weekly AMAs with podcast guests that
have had a Slack group with over 400
founders and founders to be in it, and
all of these other features that you're
going to enjoy the heck out of. So
whether you join us at TK Owners or not,
no worries. Just go do something. Just
go launch something. You can just do
things. So do them. Thanks for joining
on the Kerner office. Would love your
subscribe and a share. We'll see you
next time.