[00:00]
You can do it with virtually no money. If
someone who has failed through life as many
times as I have was able to figure it out,
quite literally everybody can figure it out.
I remember like it was yesterday cuz you get that
little ch-ing sound on your Shopify and it is so
addicting. Everyone in the world is doing a
seven out of 10. If you're eight out of 10,
seen in your industry that could be an amazing
business idea that people could execute on?
I have such a great one and this is revolutionary
because no one is really doing it just yet.
What would you do if your friend sat you down and
said, "I want to start a t-shirt business." You'd
probably call him an idiot. You'd probably tell
him that's the most competitive industry on the
planet with low margin and cutthroat competitors.
You'd probably try to talk him out of it, right?
Well, that's exactly what my guest did today with
his company, True Classic. He took a very small
investment that basically anyone watching this
could afford and turned it into a business doing

[01:00]
$270 million a year without any venture funding
and he is the opposite of a gatekeeper. All of
his secrets, all of his tactics, growth hacks,
everything he lays bare on this episode. Also,
he's got some really good business ideas for you.
Please enjoy. Music took up a decade of my life.
I went to school for audio engineering and so I
thought that was going to be it cuz everyone told
me, "You're so good at music, you should do that
for a living." And I just followed and went down
that path. went in debt. Didn't work out. Gave
up. Went into poker. Put another 10,000 hours into
that thinking it was going to be my future. Went
broke. Gave up on that. Then I went into digital
marketing and that's when my life started to take
off for the better. And I built an agency over
a decade, another 10,000 hours. So between, you
know, exercising the creative muscle with music
and learning risk tolerance and how to bet on
yourself through poker and then learning digital
marketing and building other people's businesses,
it was kind of like the perfect third a third a
third of DNA to really make true classic work.
So the idea originally, I had a bunch of ideas

[02:03]
as most entrepreneurs do and and you just don't
know what's going to hit. And so I had always been
tinkering around with like the apparel industry is
boring. It's archaic. No one's really crushing it
on the innovation side. I felt like men's clothing
was underdoing it. I felt like the premium market
was overpricing it. So I was just like, let me
just focus my energy on one thing, the shirt,
the t-shirt for men. Let me just build the perfect
shirt. Let me tighten it up on the shoulders and
arms to accentuate the guy's body and make him
look, you know, buffer than he really is. And
then let me make a premium garment that isn't
$100 a shirt like some of the Nordstrom people
that you go in there and see. And I also knew that
like I had to solve a real problem, right? Which
like most people that I talk to that come to me
nowadays, these like young entrepreneurs, they're
like, I want to build a lifestyle brand. I want
to do. And I'm like, buddy, solve a problem. Like,
yeah, I know you what you want to do, but like
if you're not listening to the market and what

[03:03]
they actually want from you, you're building it
the wrong way. You're building something for you,
not the market. Solve a problem in the market,
and your life will be a million times easier,
right? So, I went into solving the premium over
gouging problem, the fit problem, and then just
the comfortability problem of just like building
clothes that were all comfortable, not just
a couple things, but like everything we make is
wildly comfortable. Yeah. Cuz it's like as a man
your age, similar, like I buy a shirt and I just
don't know how it's going to fit. Is it going to
flame out at the bottom? Is it loose? And so when
it comes to the problems you were trying to solve,
was it more about the fit, the the comfortability
or the price, if you had to pick one? If I had to
pick the most important, it was the fit first
and foremost because everything I would put on,
I just felt pretty underwhelmed. And I remember
asking my wife like, "Why is everything in your
side of the closet like perfectly made for you?
Like why is it all tailored? And why?" And what I

[04:04]
found was that like I think they just thought that
guys didn't care and you know largely we don't for
the most part. I wanted to prove that thesis out
and I was like look if there's just a small group
of guys that love True Classic for what it is I'm
happy with that. I don't need this to be a billion
dollar company. You know I didn't anticipate it
to get this large but the TAM was much bigger
than we realized I think. So now, did you go
into this thinking like, "All right, men are
struggling with X, Y, or Z problem." And then you
put all these hundreds of ad creatives out there,
and you learn, "Wow, actually this problem is
the one that they're clicking on. I thought
that this problem was the biggest, but this is
the one they're clicking on, so I want to make
more ads like this." Did that ever happen? That's
exactly how it happened. So I tried everything,
as most entrepreneurs do. You just like, you throw
it against the wall and see if it sticks. And what
I found very early on was the women would give
us feedback in the reviews and they would say,
you know, I don't know what you guys are doing
over there, but all of a sudden I spend $50 and

[05:00]
my husband's got this air of confidence when
he leaves the house. And that's when I made
the connection that like, oh, we're selling
confidence. We're not just selling t-shirts
now. And when you make that kind of emotional
connection with people, you are on to something
unbelievable. Now it's bigger than shirts, right?
And so what I started figuring out because I'm a
skinnier guy. I'm like, you know, 6'2, 175, I
I float right around there. And yes, the shirt
made me look better, but what I didn't anticipate
was that for the bigger guys, the large, the XL,
the 2XL, it made these guys look wildly better.
Like it made them look like they literally lost 10
pounds overnight just putting a shirt on. And that
wasn't even a problem you were trying to solve.
No, I was just trying to solve like let me just
have it look a little bit better for everybody.
The skinny guys look a little bigger, the big guys
look a little slimmer and so on and so on. And so
once that popped, I was like, "Oh, we got to go
all in on this Dadbod thing." And that's when

[06:02]
it really started to explode. So I just leaned
into what was working. Well, I think the timing
is also critical because in an age of social
media, like confidence has never been lower.
If we could measure confidence in society, it is
at an all-time low. And you're coming in selling
that with the same social media tools that are
taking their confidence away. Right. So product
market fit textbook definition right there. Right.
Yep. And the product had to be great early on
because the marketing really wasn't that great.
It took me a while to get there. So to get to the,
you know, 100 million in two years, that was
on the backbone of just building unbelievable
product market fit and having the product stand on
its own because you know as well as anybody that
without the retention in the repeat buy, there is
no business essentially. It has to be great and
that drives all the profitability because we are,
you know, largely a, you know, break even on first
customer acquisition company as most startups are.
You're just trying to get them to come back and

[07:01]
either buy denim or underwear or long sleeves or
whatever it is. So, in any business, retention is
the name of the game. In your business, what does
that look like? Are you after the first order? I
I imagine there's an email marketing sequence that
What? Yeah. What does that look like? Well, first
of all, before they even stop converting uh before
they even get to the checkout, we're already doing
what's called a gift with purchase, which is
tremendous for the business. And so what we do is
we get them in other categories before they even
check out. So yes, you're going to buy t-shirts.
We're also going to throw in activew wear. We're
also going to throw in underwear because these are
killer products and we know that. So when they
get them for free, they're like and they get
them home, they're like, "Oh, wow. I wasn't even
anticipating this. I thought they were a t-shirt
company." Actually, they sell amazing joggers.
They sell amazing underwear. And then they start
getting into these other categories very quickly.
So that's kind of the first component before they
even literally convert. That's not something you
probably just tested that, right? Or you heard of
someone else doing it. You're like, so it's just
like that's like the slogan of this whole podcast

[08:03]
is test everything except drugs. And this is what
happens. Like how much has that one little hack
added to the value of your company? Like if you
were to like include the retention improvement and
all that, dude, it's everything. It's everything
as long as you are being thoughtful about the
product that is going into their basket. As long
as you're doing that thinking and through that
like because I could have just thrown anything
in there, right? But it wouldn't have made sense.
I did it specifically. Well, number one,
boost AOV. That's like the obvious thing,
right? Like average order value. Yeah. Because
they get excited to see something for free. So,
they want to hit those thresholds because when you
get to 100, you get free shipping. You get to 150,
you get a free shirt. You get to 200, you get free
underwear or whatever it is. And so, it boosts AOV
up because they want to keep hitting those tiers.
So, that's number one. That's the obvious thing,
but the not so obvious thing is cross category
and getting them into the newer markets. So once
we figured that out, I think we figured that
out around year three and it was because I was

[09:03]
we launched activewear and it wasn't doing
great right off the bat. And I was like,
how can I get people into this category? And I'm
like, well, I already have people converting. Why
don't I just force them into these categories
with free product? like let me just it's that
good of a product to where I know once they get
it they'll buy it. And that was the thinking.
Believe it or not, 67% of the people that watch
my YouTube videos don't subscribe to me and over
90% think that they're subscribed to me. So, do me
a quick favor and check that you're subscribed to
me. If you're not, please do. It would mean a lot.
Well, you just kind of gave me a new framework to
think of. And it's like, you heard of a Chicken
Salad Chick, right? The restaurant chain. No,
it's it's a franchise that sells chicken salad.
That's it. I love that. And the franchises do
hundreds of thousands a year of net profit. It
was founded by a woman. Incredible, incredible
startup story. Anyway, I'm relating what you
just said to this because it's the framework is,
and I'm making this up on the spot. It might sound
dumb. What if the side dish was the main dish,

[10:01]
right? That's it. So, you were like, I have an
e-commerce brand. We throw in free crap sometimes,
and I'm ashamed to admit a lot of times it's
just the overstock crap or the stuff that's
expiring or the stuff that we're going to throw
away and liquidate. Yeah. And it's like, "Sure,
let's give them some pickled okra because these
go bad in two months anyway." And that's like,
that's the norm. And people kind of when we do
that, we pat ourselves on the back. We're like,
"Yeah, good. Hey, I'm doing what I learned about
in that Facebook group. Oh, I'm pretty smart."
And you're over here like, "Okay, what if that
afterthought was like the whole strategy? What
if we took something that was really good, like
based on our reviews, like a really good jogger or
something, and gave it to them for free, and then
we just wait and see. And we might lose $7 on that
first order instead of.70, but let's just wait and
see if it plays out. And then when it plays out,
you're like, "Wow, I just added $10 million a year
to my business." Right. Yeah. Because you have to
grow these other categories. I think that's like
we had to get beyond just t-shirts. and and still
even to this day 6 years later people a lot of
people only know us for the t-shirts because it's

[11:03]
what we've sold the most of but you really have to
get them in the other categories to make the allow
the business to keep growing beyond t-shirts.
Yeah. I It's like like Lululemon any brand Nike,
right? Like what if Nike still should sold shoes
today, right? They wouldn't be in the Fortune
500. That's exactly right. You have to go above
and beyond. And there's a lot there. Obviously,
it's beyond marketing, but like you just have
to continually provide real value for people in
the form of product. And it can't just be like
what I normally see in these other brands is
everything is an afterthought versus their first
killer product that they crushed with. And that's
something that Lulu's done really well. They
came out with a leggings and they were a legging
company, but then they have a lot of other amazing
products, which is rare and that's how you get to
Lulu's level. So what most companies do is they
go, "Oh, that crushed. Now let's do just a bunch
of other stuff cuz we need to just keep boosting
topline and we need to do it." And then they don't

[12:00]
put the same intentionality that they put into
the original product into everything else. And
that is a huge miss. I've seen that with a lot of
the big brands too and they just cannot crack that
nut. But you have to take that original DNA that
you put there and spread it out. It has to really
go into the same. And that's what we did like
with denim. That's what we did with activew wear.
We took the same idea of problem solving and then
started going category by category and saying what
are we solving in denim? What are we solving in
underwear? And so on and so on. Yeah. Instead of
saying what can we launch in denim? What can
we launch? Like how can we be opportunistic?
You're saying this is what you said originally.
What problem are we solving? We have to solve a
problem. I imagine there's been categories that
you asked that question and you thought you know
I don't I don't really know what there is to solve
right here. Let's just pass on this one. Right.
Yeah. I would say the the one problem you're
always really solving in apparel for us is that
the premium market is still gouging everybody. So
even if let's just say for for argument sake that
the denim doesn't solve the fit problem like it
did for t-shirts at the very least you can get you

[13:05]
know page level or ag or rag and bone level denim
for half the price. Like that's a real problem.
That's a problem that everyone's facing. They
want the premium arts but they can't afford it.
And so that is in the absence of something
like fit, we lean in heavily on like, well,
it's going to be the same fabric as the the top
guys and you're going to get to pay literally
a quarter or half the price and that's a big win
for the customer. Okay. So, what was the month and
year when when you first originally started? So,
I started on the journey of like thinking about
it in 2018, but it wasn't until late uh 2019
that I started it. It was like August of 2019.
Okay. And was there like when you first started
thinking about it, was there a triggering event,
a conversation, something that you saw out there
in the market that really because you probably
you're like me, you're an idea guy, you have a
lot of ideas. What kept you on this one? You know,
ironically, and I told this story a few times,
my brother texted my mom not too long ago and

[14:04]
reminded or reminded me of a story that I had
told him when I was 19 about there was this store
called Keraloha that sells these like really
comfortable bamboo t-shirts in Bahamas. And we
used to go to Bahamas every year as a family. And
I went in there when I was 19 and they didn't have
my size and my color that I wanted. And I told my
brother, I was so pissed off. I was like someday
and this is very entrepreneurial to say is just
like I'm going to build my own t-shirt brand so
that I always have my favorite t-shirt. And he
told my mom that story and I looked back and
I was like oh my god I was even back then I was
thinking about this t-shirt concept. Now of course
I waited 20 years to execute on it because I had
forgotten about it. But what it brought me back
to was like it was always there. It was always
stewing in me. And so while I had a lot of other
ideas like I wanted to get into the lab diamond
business, I thought what an amazing value for the
customer in that business or there was a bunch
of ideas but the t-shirt one just kept staring

[15:00]
me in the face literally every day as I would
go into the closet. And at a certain point I'm
really good at like accepting what the world gives
me kind of guy. Like I just I take in and I take
it for more than face value. I always take it as
like a sign that I'm I need to be doing something.
And that's what I tell entrepreneurs, too. I'm
like, the world is giving you clues every single
day on what you should be doing. It's up to
you to really cancel out the noise and listen
to those clues, whatever they are. But it's very
difficult in the midst of our lives, in the chaos,
to listen to those voices, that inner voice. So,
I just kept coming into the closet and feeling the
same thing every day. And then finally, as I'm
going on this journey of drop shipping in like
probably 2017 and just learning ecom, because I
didn't know where I was going to go productwise,
I was selling a million different products on
these uh drop shipping websites. And finally,
I asked my wife, I'm like, "What if I just did
t-shirts?" Like, I know that sounds so lame and
like incredibly commoditized, but like and she
was like, "Well, like what are you going to do?

[16:00]
What's your angle?" And I just started kind of
peppering her with the value props and what I
thought I could do. And at the time she thought I
was insane. It was just something that was really
hitting me consistently and I just finally
decided to like what am it's going to cost
me like a couple thousand dollars to try this.
What's the big deal? I don't it's not going to
bury my life if it fails, you know? So, I've got
a question about that, but I want to go back to
drop shipping. What types of things were you drop
shipping and how much success were you finding,
if anything? Because drop shipping gets a bad
rap. What I love about your story is that you
started with drop shipping and I tell people to
try that sometimes because it's like you're not
going to finish there. Right. Right. So, one one
school of thought is like, "Oh, drop shipping's
over oversaturated. It's dead. It's" and it's for
sure a lot harder than it used to be. Yeah. But I
give people advice like this to start little
things like this because it it gets them in
the game and it gets them going. Dude, it's the
perfect training ground. I try to get like I had
two guys come into my office a couple days ago and
they were like Harvard grads like young guys. They

[17:01]
just graduated and they wanted to sell clothing
and I'm like trust me you don't want to do this
industry. What you should do is go on AliExpress
and find some product and and drop ship it and see
if you can create winners out of that before you
go on this journey, right? And then we're like,
their mind was blown because they're thinking
they're going to burn through all this cash and
like this is like how much do we spend on Facebook
ads before we give up? And I'm just like, dude,
you don't have to worry about any of that here.
You just go straight to the manufacturer. They'll
ship directly to the customer. You don't even have
to be involved. So, I just think it is, listen,
I am very thankful for my drop shipping journey
because it taught me all the inner workings of
e-commerce. Taught me how to do customer service
really well. It taught me operational, you know,
logistics and knowhow on the supply chain side.
It taught me marketing. It taught me how to find
winners and how to do customer research and how
to care and how to really dig into the reviews
and find those golden nuggets. That means so much
to the customer when you take it and you implement
it into a product and you give them what they're
actually wanting, not what you think they want.

[18:04]
Big disconnect between letting the data speak.
Yes, dude. And the data is all there for the
taking. And I always I always go back to Amazon
when people are like, "I had this idea." I'm like,
"Have you validated on Amazon?" And they're like,
"No." I'm like, "Dude, it's all sitting there for
the taking. I don't know what you're waiting for."
Even to this day when we want to do a product,
my product team, listen, they're like wildly
successful apparel people in the industry for
god knows how many years, right? And I'm like,
"Have you looked at Amazon?" And they look at
me like I'm insane cuz it's just it's the drop
shipper in me being like o over customer centric
and going like guys please just I know WGSN trends
tell you this or that or the industry this like
forget that dude go validate please on Amazon and
come back to me with something really tangible and
then I'll feel much better about investing into
product. But yeah, to answer your question, yes,
dude, drop shipping is the answer in my opinion.
And someday I'm going to get my kids drop shipping

[19:01]
if they want to get into ecom because it teaches
you everything you need to know. And it's Listen,
to your point, it's not you're not going to do
millions of dollars necessarily, but it sets
you up. You learn how to find winners, scale those
winners on Facebook, and that's now you're on your
way. Yeah, it's a lot of surface area for building
different skills that you'll need in any business,
whether ecom or not. What kind of products did
you drop ship? Oh, dude, everything. I It was very
much a, you know, just testing stuff. Yeah, it was
like like I basically took the only two winners
that I pulled out of a sea of like products on
a website was the it these were really popular
for a while, but the fidget spinner things
you I used to sell those too. Yeah. Yeah. So,
what drop shippers do really well is they go
they're like the Amazon. They're just like,
"Let me throw everything in there." And then they
start narrowing and narrowing narrowing, right?
So, like the fidget spinners kept winning for me.
And so, I took the fidget spinner and then I just

[20:00]
made a whole website around fidget spinners.
And that way you keep the focus. And then you
learn that that's how you do it. You just that's
the model. Test everything, find your winners,
scale the winners. Another one was like this
backpack. It was like a tech backpack that
had like a charger adapter thing to fit into the
side. You probably know from like doing like it's
a lot of the same stuff that everyone does, but
it works and people love it. So like those were
just a couple of my early winners that I tested.
That's awesome. Yeah. I had this company that sold
iPhone parts wholesale and my iPhone repair
shop customers were selling fidget spinners
on the counter. So we would order them by the tens
of thousands of dollars for like a dollar each and
then sell them for $1.50 each and then they would
sell them at the counter for $5 each, something
like that. Yeah. But it get a little business
for a while. Yeah. Okay. All right. So you take
$3,000. What are what are first steps? When you
were talking earlier about like why t-shirts,
why t-shirts? This can really apply to anybody. So
you have an idea. I think this thing could work,

[21:01]
right? What really got me to take the leap from
idea to execution over that year was that the
more research I did on the competition, the more
confident I got. By the time I got to executing,
I was like, "This is going to be a billion dollar
business." Like, I'm this is going to be insane.
I'm going to come in thrashing and making huge
impact into the market, outarket everybody else.
Like, I I'll I'll develop better product. I'll
do better marketing. I'll do everything better
across the board. It was like everyone was doing
a 6 out of 10 and I was convinced I was going to
do a 10 out of 10 across the board. What were
you learning that gave you that much confidence
specifically? Le Well, number one, the products
just largely sucked and they were overcharging.
So, that was like the first learning which
is like, okay, everyone's gouging. So,
what what do I do about that? So, I had to go down
the journey of like, what do cogs look like? Like,
what does it take to basically make a bamboo shirt
for cheap? And then I very quickly realized that

[22:01]
like I couldn't do bamboo because bamboo was hard
to make. So I ended up going with like this 6040
cotton poly blend that was perfect. And so I could
get that for like a couple bucks essentially on
COGS. And I was like, how are these people getting
away with charging? Because I could do the math of
their product margin. And I'm just like, dude,
they are just making too much margin here. Like
let me just take that margin away and see if I
can build the business on the little margin I
do have. and give it back to the customer. Well,
you know what Jeff Bezos says about that? He says,
"Your margin is my opportunity." That's great.
So, was that like the 8020 of your opportunity
here was you you found out where they were
sourcing this? You had an agency background,
so you roughly knew what their cost per
acquisition was on Facebook ads. You're like,
"All right, they're selling the shirt for $29.
They're paying $3 for it. They're paying $3 to
ship it. They're paying $6 for a customer. These
guys have 60% net margins, not even including the
retention and reorder rate and subscription. What
are we doing? This is a no-brainer. Yeah. And I

[23:05]
knew that like once I started testing on Facebook,
I was going to see what the rorowaz looked like.
Like was it one and a half to one? Was it 3:1?
Was it 5 one? Like I couldn't wait to get in
there because I had already scaled up Facebook ads
across these other chachki products and I I knew
what like good rorowaz looked like. So I was just
like, "Let me get in there and see what happens."
And sure enough, what I landed on was like my
break even rorowaz was like somewhere in like
the 16 mark and my super profitable rorowaz
was like 2 to one. Like anything over 2:1,
my days looked unbelievably profitable. That would
always come from like an ad hitting or something
happening on Facebook. Like Facebook back then
was wild, too. Like some days would crush, other
days they'd do an update and everything would tank
and I would like open up my dashboard and be like,
"Oh my god, I'm going to lose the business this
month." Like it would it was it was brutal. But

[24:00]
you just got to keep keep the faith, right? You
have those bad days and your rorowaz gets cut in
half. Well, you also have to diversify because
even to this day, you know, like the last couple
years we would spend 60 70 million on Facebook
ads a year. I mean, it's just mindblowing, right?
It's not until this year that we built a big
enough brand through, you know, Costco and Target
and all these big initiatives that we've done to
be able to pull back on Facebook and not see the
business take a hit because in the early days,
you pull Facebook back, the whole business reels
back and you're just like, "Wow, am I if Facebook
goes away, we're out of business." Like, you know,
diversifying sooner than later is incredibly
important to the success of your brand. Just so
the the viewer has an idea of rorowaz, like you're
talking about spending $10 to acquire a customer
that places a $20 order and you know after you
work out your cost of goods sold and all that,
you're not really profitable. You're just hoping
and praying that they come back and order more,

[25:00]
right? That would be a 2 to1 rorowaz, right?
Correct. Yes. Okay. Okay. So, you start doing
research. Are you like ordering from potential
competitors, trying the quality and all that?
Yeah, you have to do a tremendous amount of
market research and then you have to go, well,
they're underdoing it here and they're sucking
at this and they're not doing good. Like, you
have to just keep picking apart their deficiencies
and then overindexing and being better than them
at everything. Like I said in the uh early days of
before I started, it was the customer service. It
was like I would see the way they would interact
through email and with their flows and I'm just
like, "God, they're missing it on literally
everything." Like it there was nothing that I
didn't think I could do better at on that side
of the business. So, well, that's what happens
in high margin businesses is you don't have to be
creative. You don't have to try. You can be lazy,
right? Which creates the opportunity. Like,
why do you think Amazon, it's a very low margin
business on the retail side of things. They're
amazing at customer support. They're amazing

[26:01]
at all these things because it they have to be.
Constraints equal creativity. Right. Right. And
that's good news for anybody that's starting
anything because everyone always goes, "Well,
it's so commoditized." I'm like, "Dude, they're
all underdoing it, guys. Like, just so you know,
everyone in the world is doing a seven out of
10." If you're eight out of 10, you take the whole
market over time. That is the punchline. Okay. So,
I assume you start with Shopify. Yep. There was no
You're ordering that that was Shopify because I
even though I was a WordPress guy my whole life,
I wanted no problems. There's no second place to
Shopify. No. Yeah. So, you're ordering samples
from overseas, I imagine. You find something
that fits and no designs to start, right? So,
you don't have to worry about design. Even to this
day, we don't do any designs. Okay. Okay. I I just
wanted to be plain everything. I wanted no logos,
which is very counterintuitive, but it just goes
to show that like again, I was thinking about
the customer. I'm like, does a customer really

[27:03]
want a logo? I don't think they do. I think it's
important for any business owner to remember like
the customer doesn't care about you. You take up
zero space in your customer's brain, which means
like probably email them more often than you think
you should because they forgot about you, right?
Probably don't really worry so much if you have a
mistake on your website because they don't care.
They're not thinking about you. when it comes to
putting logos on your website or on your shirts,
like they don't care about you. They just found
you from a Facebook ad. Like, what does that ad
to to you, right? It's like, well, it's viral
marketing because no, they're not going to buy
it. There's no viral marketing if they never
buy the thing in the first place. Ironically,
the viral marketing is just creating amazing
product, right? Like, everyone thinks everything's
a hack and it's like, dude, it goes back to like
the basics and it's so boring to go back to the
basics. No one wants to hear that. They're just
like, "What is the Facebook hack that gets me to a
billion?" It's like, "Uh, making amazing product,
buddy." Like, that's it. Do something amazing
and and the money follows. It's that simple. All
right. Okay. So, you go to Shopify. How many SKs,

[28:05]
how many products do you start out with on day
one? One product, the t-shirt, six colors. How
many different sizes? Small through 2XL. Okay. Did
you end up adding to that? Three and 4X. Yes, we
added by Buckyy's website. We sell up to 4x. Yeah,
it took us a while to get there. In hindsight,
we probably should have done those inclusive sizes
a little bit earlier. We also should have done a
lot of things that relates to the t-shirt, which
were incredibly accreative to the business, like
doing the curved hem, which is like so obvious
now. Doing the puma, incredibly obvious now. It's
like we should have done a lot. Like I probably
left 50 million or more on the table not doing the
versions of those t-shirts earlier, right? Like
we tried to go well now we got to do polos and
now we got to do this and that and like all the
other extensions of apparel. Going back to what
we were saying about like lean into what works and
then do all your iterations against that winner.

[29:06]
like fidget spinners, doing a smaller fidget,
doing a bigger fidget, doing a like like all the
iterations versus like let me come out with a net
new product and then see what people think. Yeah,
I love that. It's important. Okay, so you start
Facebook ads day one, like this business, you're
not even launching without Facebook ads, right?
What do those first few days look like? How are
you feeling? Because you've got that the trough
of disillusionment. Like are you still hyped when
you see those first numbers roll in? Oh, yeah,
dude. I remember like it was yesterday because
you get that little ch-ing sound on your Shopify
and it is so addicting. And so the first couple
days were slow. It took us a little while to start
generating some sales, but within a couple weeks,
dude, we were already doing like I remember like
the first week we hit like an $800 day and that
was like blowing my mind. Yeah. We couldn't
believe it. I was also like being really

[30:01]
aggressive on Facebook ads. Like I wasn't scared
to push. I think most people would have just kind
of let it ride and and build slowly, but I was in
this like I got to go mindset. Everyone wears a
t-shirt. Mhm. And like I was already coming from
a a place of like I I had watched so many drop
shippers scale aggressively. So I was like, let
me test the upper limits of this. Now if I push
and I look tomorrow and rorowaz is like 0.2 two,
I'll pull back, right? Like that's how I thought
about it. So, I was I wasn't scared to like really
push on the needle on ad spend because it was just
working. And also, this was preios 14 when where
we lost all that customer data. So, it was working
even better back then. I don't know how what it
would have looked like, you know, post the data
loss, but um things were amazing in the early days
of Facebook. How many creatives did you start with
that first month? Not many, dude. I probably came
up with 10 static ads. We didn't we didn't even do

[31:01]
video for like wow I want to say 6 to 8 months. It
took me to do a like a video ad shoot with like a
couple models walking around and it wasn't great.
I look back at those ads and they're so cringey.
It was amazing I made any sales to be honest. Like
we just I had no idea what I was doing. What did
like the format of your first like big winning ad
look like? Like a static what was your offer? or
what did the picture look like? The first static
ad that crushed and it kind of led me down this
this journey which was like really highlighting
the value prop and going back to like what problem
are you solving? No wonder that and I knew this
from drop shipping which is like the ads that
always crushed were the ones that were solving
a problem very quickly in like probably 10 15
seconds. Like you had to really do the full thing
from start to finish. Like if it was a kitchen
appliance, you had to show the kitchen appliance
doing the thing and like, "Oh, I can just,
you know, disassemble an orange very quickly with
this tool." And like you had to get that across.

[32:03]
You probably drop ship something like that, huh?
I did, dude. I did. I knew it. I think one of the
popular products was like uh Yeah. Like the the
thing you put in an orange that squeezes out the
juice, whatever. Like there was so many of those
kitchen products that crushed on drop shipping
because they they demonstrate themselves so well,
right? Yes, dude. And they solve the whole thing.
Yes. Like if a couch could demonstrate it its
value as well as you know an orange squeezer
could then couches would crush. Exactly. Right. So
you have such a good show that journey to people
and the sooner you can do it the better. Once I
like figured out the three value props that we
kind of live and die by which is like just fit,
price and comfort. Things started really going
off in the right because then I was telling the
right story to people. It wasn't just like, "Hey,
I'm t-shirt guy amongst a sea of other t-shirt
guys." It was like, "Oh, that's that t-shirt that
makes me look better and it's like half the price
as premium market." Like, I love that. So, once
people started catching on to that, it just took
fire. What was your daily ad budget that first

[33:02]
week, first month, and I want to know how that
scaled, how quickly that? Yeah, I was, you know,
I should go back and really look at the early days
on Meta, but I do remember starting out at 100 a
day. That was kind of like my starting point. And
within a week, I had tripled it. I went from 100
to 150 to 200, 250 to 300 in like no time. Like a
week, week and a half. I remember getting and my
my founders were like, "This is going to get like
really expensive, just so you know." And I'm like,
I know. And and plus, we didn't have all the math
worked out yet. So even though because you know,
like when you look at a rorowaz, that's not really
the true rorowaz. That's the attributed rorowaz
from Facebook which doesn't take into account your
operational expenses and like all the other line
items after your you look at your P&L. So it
was a little scary like I didn't know you're
not making money yet. You're not making a profit
yet, right? No, we were taking all the money and
just putting it right back into Facebook ads.
That's another really important point and one

[34:04]
thing I had an advantage of was that I didn't
need to live off this business. I could just
put as every cent back into the business and that
propelled its growth way above and beyond what it
could have been had I been sucking money out early
on. Where was your income coming from? From your
your ads agency. The agency. Yeah. It was still I
had already hired out for like my position as CEO.
Like I just I handed it off and I let them run
the agency and even to this day it's still alive
despite SEO crumbling around us with Chad GPT. So,
how big was your agency at that point? It was a
little over a million a year. Yeah, it was a great
business, dude. I always tell people to get into
the service-based business. It is so easy to make
money working with other businesses and charging
them a flat fee and just stacking those retainers
up over years and years and years. And if you do
great work, you're never going to lose them as
clients. in a sea of scam artists that are just

[35:00]
constantly ripping people off in those industries.
When you're the ones actually providing value, you
never lose them. Or if you lose them, they come
back after they get ripped off by somebody else
and they realize, "Oh, the grass is not greener.
I try to take a price cut, but I'll rather pay you
more and get great service." Were you charging
like 1 to 5k a month or were you doing like
charging a percentage of ad spend? I was charging
500 to five grand a month because it was mostly
LA market. So even the 500s I should have never
started there. That was way too low. I would say
my sweet spot was like 1,500 to to 3,000 a month
and it was like a lot of lawyers and dentists
and chiropractors and those industries where a
customer is worth an insane amount of money for
them to acquire. Yeah. Would you agree that just
starting an ads agency today just like you did
back then is still a big opportunity? Enormous,
dude. I I think people just underestimate it and
they don't know even where to start. But my life
took off when I started thinking about stacking up

[36:00]
retainers and how a little bit of like I think
for people that aren't comfortable in sales,
you have got to figure that part out if you're
going to be in that business because or find a
co-founder that has it figured out or that 100%.
But like you need to be obsessed with sales
because you need to know how to relate to people.
You need to know how to listen. You need to know
how to not oversell and just really sell the value
you're going to bring them. Right? So that was an
important skill that I was lucky enough to learn
young. My dad was a great salesman and I learned a
lot from him growing up and um he always told me I
should like do sales in some capacity. Ironically,
like here we are doing all these crazy numbers
and I still do an immense amount of sales. I'm
selling, you know, potential investors or
acquirers or or customers or you name it.
Like I'm still out here selling. So, also when you
have an an ads agency, you have so much surface
area for learning all the secret ins and outs and
workings of what your customers are doing. I mean,

[37:00]
you never even would have considered starting
this business had you not had an ad agency. No
chance. because I wouldn't have known how to not
spend like I wouldn't have known that Facebook
was the answer. I really would have like probably
spent money and just sprayed it all over the place
and lost a bunch and then given up. But like going
through the process of watching lawyers, dentists,
chiropractors spend on the wrong things and seeing
that and having that insight gave me such a huge
competitive advantage because I was like, "Oh,
well this is just a Facebook business." I love
how like you can You can give opposite advice
and both of them be true. Like you said, you were
looking at lab grown diamonds. I'm assuming one
reason for that is because it's very high ticket,
but it's very it's a very high value for the price
that they're paying. You can use paid ads. So,
if you're a master at paid ads, why not
pick something that's high ticket? So,
on one end of the spectrum, it's like if you can
really learn paid ads, find something high ticket.
And on the other end of the spectrum, it's like if
you can really learn paid ads, go to a commodity,
something boring but huge and like overcompetitive
like apparel. you're going to win no matter what.

[38:04]
Like because the first principles are swapping
your creative, like good customer service,
good product, all this the boring stuff, right?
It's true. Whether it's high or low ticket, that's
exactly right. And like, dude, to live through
an era of where we even have the ability to run
Facebook ads is unbelievable. Like, it really is.
Like, I could have not built true classic without
Facebook ads. Like, it just I have no problem
saying that cuz that's the truth. Like we're
really lucky to be alive in this ecosystem where
we have these tools because you know 30 40 years
ago they didn't exist dude. People were doing
doortodoor and billboards and mailers and all this
archaic crap that they had to do. So it's like if
you're not using Facebook ads boy are you missing
out. And even now how we talk about you know AI
and and all the implications of what that does
for business. What an unbelievable time that we're
all living through. Even at True Classic, dude,

[39:00]
you'd be shocked at how much tech and AI we use
with everything we do because we're realizing that
it just makes everything so incredibly efficient
and better for everyone. Yeah. All right. So,
first four months you do a quarter million in
revenue. What does your first year look like as
far as revenue, profit, and like daily ad spend
look like roughly? Yeah, I would say. So, we did
15 million the first year and that's when we were
at Wow, we're we're really on to something. Oh my
gosh. But it wasn't until the next year that
we were like because I remember when we did
15 million, we're like, "Guys, someday we could
sell this company for like 50 million. It would
be insane." And then we did 90 the next year. And
we were like, "Oh, we're going to be billionaires.
This is going to be insane." Like, we're going to
sell us for I see where this is headed, dude. It's
just Then we started looking at like we're going
to be Hannes. We're going to be like, you know,
five, six million a year. And so it very quickly
changed and it became our life. We just stopped
everything we were doing after that first year.
There's so many inspiring things about this story.

[40:02]
But one concept I've been obsessed with lately is
that of like chasing product market fit. You were
37 when you started this. You've done all kinds of
random things, drop shipping, all kinds of things.
You could argue that a bunch of those different
products that you drop shipped were all kind
of different businesses, right? I've started 75
businesses. But if people get stressed about like,
oh, shiny object syndrome, I need to stay focused
on one business, yada yada. Chase the product
market fit, chase the energy. Because if you look
at someone like Mark Zuckerberg, he's been doing
the same thing for 21 years, right? And on one
hand, it's like, man, that guy is so focused.
He's so driven. And on the other hand, it's like
he would be an idiot if he ever thought of taking
his eye off the Facebook ball because Facebook has
had product market fit from day one until today.
He's not like some like super driven. Like of
course he's amazing. He's brilliant. He's driven
and all that, but he he doesn't have above average
focus is what I'm saying. He just has, you know,
product market fit in my opinion is like being
chased down the hill by a rock. And those rockers,

[41:02]
that rock is a customer and you just cannot even
sleep because you're fulfilling orders. You have
so much demand and it never lets up. Whereas
most businesses, not that this is a bad thing,
is you're pushing a rock up a hill and it's hard
and it rolls back if you rest on your laurels
and it's but that's okay, right? But like when you
just keep chasing product market fit and then once
you find it, stay on it, you won't lose, right?
So like with my content, I see product market
fit every month. Like I just keep growing. And so
like I would be dumb to stop doing content because
it's there. I'm still doing other stuff. I'm still
launching businesses, but if I ever found another
business idea that kind of looked interesting,
but I didn't know if I had product market fit yet,
and I said, I'm quitting content to go all in
on this, I'd be stupid. You did all these things
for 15 years, and then you pivoted, and you've
been doing the same thing for six because you
still have product market fit. You still have that
energy. You still have customers being down your
door. Yeah. And I'm also just like obsessed with
providing value. And that just that journey kind

[42:00]
of never ends. Now, it comes in the form of like
philanthropic initiatives that I'm obsessed with,
like this teacher initiative where I pay off all
their wish lists or, you know, the LA Fires were
here last year and I gave away like 6 million
in inventory to people that lost everything.
And now I'm finding ways to make impact in the
world outside of just t-shirts and apparel. And
that's what really moves me. And doing things like
this, like getting to talk to other like-minded
entrepreneurs and show them that you can do it
with virtually no money. you can scale a big
business. You don't even have to come from the
apparel industry. You just got to be obsessed
with what the customer wants. And telling these,
you know, stories to people to show them that like
listen, if someone who has failed through life as
many times as I have was able to figure it out,
quite literally everybody can figure it out
because it was just came from an obsession
with what does the market need? How can I fill
that void? And then what do I got to do to scale
that up? Okay, so year 1, I'm just going to go
through your last six years. 15 mil, 90 million,

[43:03]
150 million, 206 million, 212 million, 270
million. And your profit per year, 2%, 4%, 5%, 8%,
8%, 16%. So you doubled profit over the last year.
Yeah, this year is gonna And that's really because
of wholesale. We got into Costco and Target
and they and Sam's Club and TJ Maxx and Kohl's
and a couple other ones, but profit margins are
unbelievable in those environments because guess
what? You're not paying to acquire a customer and
you're not break even. You're suddenly just wildly
profitable. And so this is a huge growth year. you
do hit a saturation where you have to go beyond
the digital world, right? Like if they're not on
social, how you going to find them, right? So,
you have to start thinking a little bit more
grassroots. That's where the wholesale comes in
because now people walk into Costco and they see
us and they're like, "Oh, yeah. I saw them online.

[44:04]
These guys are legit." That's a whole new level
of credibility, too. Dude, that was one thing
we didn't anticipate. So, we knew that yes, we
were going to hack CAC in those environments and
get them to buy because there's a big portion of
people that just don't trust online period. They
just don't. Our generation, our younger guys, we
all grew up in it, so we trust it. But like past
our age, they're still in this weird limbo land
of like, well, I don't It's just marketing. Now,
when they see you in Costco, it's almost like
they just immediately check that box of like,
well, Costco's done the work to vet these
guys. this must be legit now. And so you get
that confirmation the second they walk in the
door and it becomes a no-brainer for them to
purchase. Been wildly successful in Costco. They
are amazing partners. I I love them to death. I'm
always obsessing about like what can I do for your
your uh your Costco members? Like what are some
thoughtful things I can create for them? Like I'm
always pushing to try to figure that out because I

[45:03]
just appreciate what they've done for the business
and you know see where it goes. It's interesting
the perspective that you have going into Costco
coming from e-commerce. Most people don't realize
how hard e-commerce can be and how like not free
cash flow rich that it is, right? Because you're
putting money into ads and inventory and some of
that inventory just dies, right? But when you're
going into Costco from that, you're like, I'm in
heaven. This is luxurious. Whereas I've talked to
other founders that went into Costco compared to
other channels that they've been in and they're
like, dude, I don't make any money with Costco. I
just don't make any money. But not only do you not
have to pay to acquire a customer, you don't have
to spend three to four dollars to ship a t-shirt,
you're spending like six cents to ship a pallet
full of t-shirts. Yes. Not just that, like we're
one of those products where like we're not a SAS
product. Like you actually have to touch and feel
it to understand all the marketing because the
marketing could just be the marketing in a lot of
ways. So people are like, "Oh, I need to actually
get my hands on it." Which is why when people say

[46:04]
like, "Well, why don't you do a a Super Bowl ad?"
It's like, "Dude, we're already getting, you know,
14 million impressions a day on our ads." I don't
need more visibility. I need people to actually
get the product in their hands so that when they
touch it, they go, "Oh, now I see why." And that's
what happens in those environments like Costco.
They see the stand, they walk over, they feel it,
you watch them interact with the product, and then
they immediately it all starts sinking in. So,
like I had this idea of like, let me take the 10
million it would cost for a Super Bowl ad and let
me just spend 10 million on product and just give
it away to every single person in the US. Wouldn't
that be such a better hack than like let me just
do a funny commercial? So, yeah, that's where I'm
at. Oh man. Oh, there's so this is so good. So, by
the way, going back to what you were saying about
like difficult environments. So, next summer, my
family and I are doing something that's probably
going to sound completely insane. Do you remember
Ryan Treyan's epic 50 states in 50 days challenge

[47:01]
where he raised millions of dollars for St. Jude?
Well, I donated to that cause and he shouted me
out telling his millions of subscribers. So,
now I'm fully committed whether I like it or
not. 50 businesses, 50 states, 50 days. And most
if not all of these businesses are going to need
websites fast andonline is the perfect domain
name for micro entrepreneurs. You see the word
online gets searched over 500 million times every
month. That is builtin SEO power. Your domain is
literally helping you rank higher. And the real
kicker for me is that finding meaningful.com
names is nearly impossible. So, when I'm launching
50 businesses in rapid fire, I need domains that
actually make sense. Not something like best pizza
New Yorkdont.com. Just NYP.online. Clean, simple,
memorable. I mean, look at this. Texasbcue.com
taken. But Texasbcue.online available. That's the

[48:00]
difference. And over 3 and 12 million businesses
trusted. Go get your perfect domain name before
it's gone. Check outonline today and get your
firstonline domain name for only 99 cents with
the link in the description. We tried to scale
retail and it is very difficult and for a couple
reasons. So we have 16 stores now. We could have
had over a hundred had we ramped at the level
we were going to ramp originally because we were
so bullish on it because we were like, "Oh well,
they just got to get in their hands. They'll love
it." What you don't anticipate is that if people
don't know that you It's like Old Navy. When you
go to a mall, you know there's an Old Navy there,
right? When you go to a mall now, you're not
assuming there's a true classic there. So, unless
you are like have the best store visibility on the
planet and you're right next to a Lulu or an Apple
store or somewhere where people are always going
in and out, it is so tough to make that P&L work
inside of four walls. Plus, how many people are
going to walk by that sign, see us, go, "Oh, yeah,

[49:00]
true classic." And then leave, and then buy online
three months later. Like, you're never gonna
attribute that sale that they bought online to
the store, even though the store was the billboard
that made it all come together for them. Yeah. So,
like, you see this gap in the P&L for retail, and
you're like, "Oh, we're just losing money." Like,
this just isn't working. On the surface, that's
what you would say, right? Yeah. And you take all
the nuance of the advertising in those malls and
if you were be able to put a multiplier to or
something attribute something to that, it would
all net out plus some and you would be scaling to
the moon. So it's that's the hard part of retail.
You almost have to just make a bet that like it's
doing more work for you than you realize even if
they're not walking in the store. Lift. There's
lift. And it's hard to put a definition on lift,
but you just you know it when you see you have to
assume it on some level and then help that fill
the gap. But like imagine scaling retail and then
having it not net out on the P&L across like half
your stores what that looks like on the balance
sheet. You're just like, "Oh my god, this is

[50:03]
wildly unprofitable and like we should pull back."
And so that's why retail is so difficult. So when
it comes to like just pouring money into Facebook
ads, how did you grow the business without because
you didn't raise any money, right? No. How did
you bootstrap this with because you you got to
pour money into inventory into fulfillment? Were
you using a third party logistics provider or you
doing it yourself? No, we were doing 3PL from the
get-go. We we knew like there was no way we were
going to be able to tell actually ourselves. You
probably have some 3PL horror stories, I imagine,
cuz I've owned a 3PL. It's hard. No, it's it most
of them have gone out of the business. The ones
we use in the early years, no big surprise. Like
software would like break and you would be like
split shipping stuff accidentally. And if you
know what split ships are, like I've done that,
you're paying double uh for every order. Talk
about crushing your profitability on a nuanced
software application and you're just like, dude,
what do I got to become a software developer to

[51:00]
like figure out your software for you? It's just
a nightmare. So, so you've always had a 3PL from
day one till today. Yeah, dude. We knew not to
even mess around with that world. We were like,
you know, let's just take that off our plate
from the get-go. So, here's some hacks that
people can do to minimize cash. Number one, you
have to have really solid retention plays to be
able to supplement all the acquisition cash that
you're burning. So that comes back to like Clavio,
email flows, post-purchase upsells, and abandoned
cart flows, welcome flows, optimizing the crap out
of all of that. So that's number one. That'll
help you a lot on the cash front because you'll
get those people back. Beyond that, what people
need to really do, and I never see people talk
about this stuff, which is like negotiating is so
incredibly important to the life of a business.
negotiating with your manufacturers, negotiating
with banks, and really telling the story of

[52:01]
what it could become for them if they invest in
you. So, one thing we did really well early on,
and this goes back to like Matt, my uh kind
of makeshift CFO partner, who was an amazing
negotiator, and and I was as well, and we would
get on these calls with these manufacturers,
and we would sell the dream of what True Classic
could become for them. And through that dream,
our ask was, "Give me 20,000 in credit, right?
Give me terms on that credit. Give me 60 days.
Give me 90 days, whatever it is." And dude, that
was a gamecher. And that allowed us to not have to
put more money in because the 3,000 went against,
you know, 2,000 of it went against Facebook
ads. The other thousand went against actually
building the shirt to make it great. Yeah. So,
we didn't actually have to put any money up for
inventory, you know, because there's alwaysQ on
that stuff. So, we otherwise we would have had to
put some significant money in, but we convinced
them to bet on us. And look, you have to have some
sales skills. It goes back to negotiating. Like,

[53:03]
it just you got to find the right partner, too.
Like, I bet you had we knocked on 10 doors,
nine of them would have slammed in our face.
But we found the one guy early on that was like,
"Sure, I I'll I'll bet on you." And now guy's
making insane amounts of money off of us because
he helped us in the early days. So that was
a big one. Volume negates luck. Yes. Right.
The more bankers you talk to, whatever, the
more quote lucky you got. It's a numbers game,
right? Absolutely. And then like would you guys
even be here today if you weren't like diligent
about negotiating everything you could? No. It's
the whole thing especially once you scale because
we are really tough in negotiations when it
comes to SAS contracts and vendor contracts
with 3PLs and and even COGS pricing with our
manufacturers. If you don't scrutinize that
and you look back after a year of what that could
have cost you, it's unbelievable, dude. I mean,
we're probably saving the company excess of 40 to
50 million a year in fees and cogs. And I mean,

[54:05]
if you really tallied it all up, it would be
so astronomical. Even on the SAS side, we're
probably saving in the low millions a year in just
pure negotiation. Just really telling them, look,
if you do great work with True Classic, we're
going to be your best case study of all time,
right? Yeah. I'm going to get on a camera
and if I really believe in the SAS, I'm not
then you deserve the world to know about it. and I
will be your biggest fan and I will tell the world
because I want I want to send people down the
right roads, right? Like young business owners
that want to learn this stuff, I really want to
tell them that Shopify is the best platform in the
world because it actually is, right? And I will
go to bat with Shopify and that goes for triple
whale on analytics. That goes for afterale and
post-purchase upselles. It goes for like all the
really great pieces that we love. We really tell
them that story and and of course they're going to

[55:01]
buy into that and give us a tremendous discount on
the monthly retainer because they see the upside
and what it means for their business. Yeah. I
mean, well, you said like you're saving 40 50
million a year on everything you've negotiated and
that's about what your profit is. Yeah. So, like
in a in a commodity business, in a cutthroat low
margin business like this, you have to negotiate.
I mean, you've had singledigit profit margins
for most of your history. Yes. Right. Yes. And
I'm sure you notice over time because I've noticed
this. If I'm in the middle of like a super high
growth business, my vendors are going to start to
like get a little greedy and they're going to rub
their paws together and say, "We could come up
a little on price. They're not going to leave.
They're not going to leave us, right?" And if
you're not on top of that, you won't catch it.
It should be going the other way, right? Like
you should be catching a break as you scale,
not like getting taken advantage of. And plus
like there's listen there's so much competition
with that stuff that you can always go somewhere
else and they know that. And so now where there's
not a lot of competition at our scale is the
volume. There's not like all these factories

[56:05]
doing like unbelievable volume for everybody.
So like it does start to dwindle down towards
the top. I will tell you that like I don't have as
much room as I used to on COGS. Like it used to be
wide open and now it's like well you know we need
hundreds of thousands of units in a particular
style. There's only a couple manufacturers that
can do that and so we don't have as much leverage
there as we used to. Yeah. Okay. Let's say heaven
forbid wave a magic wand. Your business is gone.
All of your experiences there. Your business is
gone. You remember everything. You have $3 to
$5,000. You have to create true classic all over
again. What do you do differently? What are what
are your first five steps? Well, the first thing I
would do differently is go even more narrow on the
expansion that I did. So, what I was talking
about earlier about like just really leaning
into the t-shirt and not thinking I had to do the
polo or the other excess categories. We would have

[57:06]
even gone even faster if that's even possible. I
would have also, if I could go back, I would have
invested more time and energy in the creative. you
know, I wasted, you know, a good amount of time on
really average creative. And yes, we were able
to do a lot, but that was really on the product.
It wasn't the creative. Had I like found comedy
early on, it would have gone even faster. And,
you know, I didn't find comedy till about a year
and a half, you know, almost two years into the
business. And then once I started leaning into
that, it just like took over my life. And and
now we still do a ton of comedy. We got to talk
about comedy because that's a question I meant to
ask you. Tell me about comedy in advertising and
why it's so important. Oh man, you know what's
funny is that when I started doing it, the reason
I loved it so much was because I realized like,
oh, remember how I always say like you got to
be customercentric and you got to provide value.

[58:03]
This is the one part where you provide value in
advertising outside of telling people about value
props. That's not that's not a ton of value.
That's just education. But like comedy, it's
actually value because you're making them happy.
Like the Dollar Shave Club commercial. Yeah, dude.
You're you're changing it from like I'm forcing
you to watch this thing about my company to like,
let me create a skit that you're just going
to laugh at. And you don't need to even buy
my product. But if I make that connection with you
and you remember me, someday it may make an impact
and you may buy us or you might see someone that
knows the product and then you'll remember that
story about the comedy ad and then you'll tell
it and it'll help someone else buy or whatever
it ends up going into. But dude, when I started
thinking about like that is who we are on the
advertising front, I became obsessed with finding
the most funny guys I could to work with. A lot of
that was the Greg Tube guys very early on who have
been phenomenal and I give them all the credit for

[59:04]
really being our go-to guys and you know I just
have so much love for those guys. They've done
such tremendous work for us over the years and
then Nicholas our in-house guy who did a lot of
the comedy early on and we tried to do a lot of it
oursel but uh you got to find some people that are
just hilarious and really do great stuff and then
just lean into those guys. So even to this day,
we're creating tons of comedy at scale. And it's
still it's just like it's so much fun to make
people laugh. And even when I meet people in the
world, a lot of what they remember is just that
thing. They're not like, "Oh yeah, you're that
guy who makes a shirt." It's like, "You're that
guy that made that funny ad about this thing."
And because the comedy sticks with them forever,
dude. And you It's like, you know, when you watch
a Super Bowl ad, the ones that always are the the
takeaways were the funniest ones. And basically
you forget about everything else. You think back
to like early Bud Lights or whatever it is. It's
like that is the equalizer, my man. That's the X

[1:00:02]
factor. And if you can, it's really hard by
the way to figure comedy out. People try to
do it and it's really hard to do, but once you
crack it, it's as good as it gets. What's been
your best performing like comedic ad? And what
does that look like with regards to return on ad
spend or ROI? really hard to calculate return on
ad spend and ROI because what happens is that what
you realize is that even if something's really
funny, it's not DR. It's not direct response
necessarily. It is just funny. And that funny can
have a long life cycle. It could be dude. Yeah,
we you're just looking for lift. Dude, we have
some people in our post-purchase survey. By the
way, another incredibly important piece to this
whole thing is obsessing about the post-purchase
survey to figure out where people are actually
finding you and whether the money you're spending
on marketing is netting out or not. If it's
not showing up in the post-purchase survey,
guess what? It's not netting out. Like people used
to say like, "Oh, Snap is like the new thing." And

[1:01:03]
we'd spend a bunch of money on Snap and it would
be like 0% of responses. It's like, "Well, look,
if it's working, guys, it's going to show up
in the sales. If not, shut it off." So now it's
just like source of truth. Like I I I just look
to my source of truth for literally everything.
You know, we were talking about return on ad spend
and yeah, it goes back to just the lift. The best
comedy that we've ever done was two videos. One of
them was the very early Greg Tube video where the
baby carriage goes out in the street and it's
just like a really quick um like if you go to
the True Classic channel, you'll just if you just
sort by like highest views, you'll see. I'm gonna
play this real quick. Let's see. This is the one
Gary Vee put in his book, by the way. Jab, jab,
right hook or something different. No, the uh day
trading attention. Oh, I haven't read that one.
All right, let's do this. Johnson, you're fired.
Why? It's not you. It's your shirt. But it's
casual Friday. Well, you've taken it too far. Look
at Gypson. He's wearing a true classic tea. It

[1:02:02]
fits him tight in all the right places, but leaves
the perfect amount of room in the front. God,
designed to enhance the male physique in all the
right places. Right, Jimson? That's right, boss. I
have strong arms, but also a little bit of a gut.
But you wouldn't know because I wear True Classic.
That if you're a skinny guy, True Classic fits
tight around the arms and accentuates your biceps.
But how can Jensen afford premium t-shirts? He's
the worst salesman here. And I don't even think
he can read. Johnson, we all know Gypsson can't
read. But at least he knows that True Classic is
completely affordable. And if you buy right now,
you can get 20% off your first order. I don't
need to know how to read to know that over 200,000
people gave True Classic a five stars. Good job,
never noticed before, but you're stunning. I want
a raise. Consider it done. But wait a minute. Are

[1:03:02]
those true classic pants? That's right. I just got
them off the website. And get this, they even have
activew wear, polos, long sleeve tees, fleces,
and even socks and underwear. Incredible. Gypson,
it obvious? You need to go to the true classic
website and buy all of those items right now.
Click click it. Click it. Click
it. Click it now. Click it.
Oh my gosh.
So good.
Oh my goodness. That is so good. I've never seen
that. Breaking a little bit of the third wall at
the end. So 35 million views. Was that organic
or did you put paid behind that? Both. Yeah, it
was both. The organic was probably a few uh let me
see. It was like probably five or six million if I

[1:04:02]
remember correctly and then the rest was propelled
by spend. We just like pushed it into the And
Okay. So, like I love that you've got some first
principles like just overtly funny comedic things,
right? And then you break all the rules in some
other ways, right? Like YouTube wants retention.
They want you to get to the point as soon as
possible and then to end the video right then.
You've got like 30 seconds of awkwardly click it,
click it. Yeah, click it. Like, and the fact that
it it got millions of views despite that means
that people stayed. They stood there and like felt
weird in their body watching these two guys sit on
each other's lap in an office environment. Like,
oh man. And I also love that it's not a lot of
times you see funny ads and like you don't even
catch that it's an ad like until the end. Right.
That is overtly an ad from like second seven
to the very end. Yes. Right. But you just keep
watching. You just keep watching which makes it

[1:05:04]
so effective at actually selling product and not
just making people laugh and remember you. Right.
That's like the holy grail. Like the ven diagram.
All of the circles are overlapping in there. Did
you use the Harmon brothers for this? They're like
the best at this type of stuff, aren't they? No,
dude. The Harmon Brothers are way too expensive.
Are you kidding me? That's like 500 grand for
an ad, isn't it? More than that. It's insane. I
wanted to use those guys early on, but that's why
you have to go find your own guys. When I first
found Greg and Nate, they were just making Tik
Tok videos. They weren't working with like a bunch
of other brands. And I found them and I'm like,
why aren't you guys doing ads? This stuff could be
great. And then I tested them and like their first
ad with me and any brand they worked with like
just crushed right off the gate. We were like,
"Okay, we are on." Now they work with everybody
which has been really great for their careers. Are
they very expensive? They are now. Um they weren't
the early years. So, but they give me Listen,

[1:06:02]
they're owners in the company. So, they Yeah,
they've earned it. They they have ownership.
They uh in your company. Yeah. They still have
That's awesome. You know, they still give me like
good pricing compared to everybody else. Like they
grandfather me in obviously because they're part
owners. So they're amazing guys and I love them to
death. They really have done great things for us.
Okay. So more people need to use comedy in their
ads. Period. End of story. It's hard because you
got to be comedic. You got to be creative. But
it's worth it. You're saying the It's worth it
if you can nail it. It's I would also just say
like it's going to take you a little while. Our
first couple in-house ads were not amazing. They
were decent, but we just got better and better
and better and better. And we learned from it,
too. We learned that like if you really break
down that ad, one of the biggest components that
you'll notice is that there's this reveal moment
where it goes from wearing a schlubby looking
t-shirt to like this amazing t-shirt. And that
is wildly impactful. What we found is that in any
comedy ad that we did, if we didn't include that

[1:07:05]
transitional component, which is really very DR,
that the ad really suffered on rorowaz like it
just we were never able to scale it. And so you
have to have that component. Another thing like
that you'll notice in that ad is that he talks
about a bunch of other product categories. So,
you know, originally we would do a lot of ads just
around the t-shirt. And what I started realizing
was like we have got to branch out. And a lot
of what you'll see in that ad is my voice in the
production phase going, "Guys, this has got to be
bigger than t-shirts. Like, we have to talk about
the jeans. We have to talk about" And that's why
you see them write that into the script when they
talk about everything else. It's so important that
people know that we do other things. Otherwise,
like, how you going to grow the business? I
know this is impossible to answer accurately,
but how many millions of dollars did that one
video bring True Classic if you just had to guess?
My gosh, probably tens of millions. I would say
it's hard to say though because it's one piece

[1:08:06]
of the journey in a broad journey. Like everyone
always acts like you do one thing and you do one
thing. It's like no, it starts with, "Hey, how you
doing? Nice to meet you." And then it ends with
like, "I'm going to marry this woman because she's
so amazing and when I met her, I didn't realize."
But like in between all that is so much nuance in
the journey. So like let's see let's say someone
saw that ad right from there they go back to their
life and they're not thinking about anything and
then two months later they see a true classic ad
and then they make the connection and they go oh
yeah that's that thing and then they go back to
doing whatever they're doing and then they walk
into a target and then they see it and now they're
converted. So like to say that one video created
10 million isn't really fair. It's like yes it was
a cog in the wheel and it was part of the journey.
Did it make an impact on getting their attention?
A thousand%. It's not like onetoone necessarily,
right? Well, it just so happens that
person in your example like they buy

[1:09:02]
all their shirts from Target. And that had
to be true because if they saw you at Target,
but they just don't buy shirts from Target,
they're still going to keep walking. Yes. And
you're going to have to get them on like your 17th
touch point with them instead of your ninth touch
point with them. Right. Exactly. Oh man. It's a
long life that we all live and just because you
made an impression doesn't mean you made a sale.
It is just one piece to the much larger picture
and that really is like why you need to just
keep coming correct in all aspects because you
don't know where you're going to pick them up at
in what part of the journey or the funnel. Well,
I think that your marriage analogy is so perfect
because if you meet someone, you're attracted,
you know, years later you you get married. Oh, she
they love me. She loved my personality. She loved
my RZ. Well, she loved your background. She loved,
you know, how you hold the door open for her. She
loved that you came from the same area. Like, she
loved that you did this when your tire, you know,
popped on the side of the road. It's all of those
things. It's not because you're fit or you go to

[1:10:00]
the gym. It's hundreds and thousands of things and
decades of compounding all paying off in that one
moment. And they don't exist in a vacuum. That's
exactly right. Because the person you are today
took a long time to get there. They didn't see
the upbringing. They didn't see how your parents
treated you. They didn't see all the struggle you
went with and how much you had to do to get here
to be the person that you are. So, it's that's
the same way with product. Like, it starts in one
place and you didn't convert on day one. Big deal.
You made an impression. Congratulations. Now,
just keep showing up for that customer until
they do convert and now you're really on to
something. Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people that were
building businesses based on this podcast? Well,
I just made it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and a hundred
other business geniuses as your business partner.
Also, there's going to be exclusive new trends,
growth hacks, business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about. You'll find

[1:11:02]
thousands of startup case studies. You'll have
weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll answer
your questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes. I'm curious.
You've got a very unique insight. You've done
a lot of things and we're going to have to do
another episode where we talk about your poker
days and your your va your Vegas limo hack. I
I want to get into that on a future episode, but
with your unique background, you know, you've been
distracted for a while. You've done the same
thing for a while. What have you seen in your
industry that could be an amazing business idea
that people could execute on that maybe you're
too focused on to go jump on? like something in
a vendor that you've seen or in some software
that you've used or maybe in apparel or a type of
new apparel that's trending. I have a great one.
I have such a great one and this is revolutionary
because no one is really doing it just yet except
a few companies. So like I told you early on that
inventory bets are impossible. You essentially

[1:12:01]
have to be a psychic to be in apparel because
you just don't know how to forecast and what the
demand is going to look like and all that. So
you have to just guess, right? The reason that
these Sheen and Quinces of the world have these
incredible valuations is not because they're just
so great at making product. It's because they have
figured out that they have solved supply chain and
the demand and market is is is starting to unite.
Right? So what they've done is essentially and
there's a company we're talking to called portless
and instead of you know coming up with an idea
for a product spending hundreds of thousands of
ideas guessing if it's going to work getting the
inventory here like that process is months and
months and months and so much cash tied up into
an idea that you might not even know is going to
work out. What an insane business that we're in,
right? What portless has solved is your speed to
market. So you can essentially do like a hundred

[1:13:06]
units of one style and this 3PL is in China.
So it goes from the manufacturer in China,
they drive it to this 3PL in China and then it
ships directly to the customer. So now instead
of making these enormous bets and investing
in a style that we don't know is going to win,
I can make bets on small product categories and
shirts and things like that on a very small run
and prove it out first on say a 100 units. And if
it if I blow through a 100 units in one day, well,
I'm I'm into a winner. Let me reinvest. And then
I can roll that out in a much larger unit size
much later. So now we're taking all the guesswork
out of it and we're taking all the cash out of it
as well. And it's like it goes back to the drop
shipping thing, dude. This is drop shipping for
what I'm doing now. It's like it it just it
mitigates all the risk and and all the money.

[1:14:02]
And this is how it's going to go in the future,
by the way. because I can already see that like
once people catch on to this, it won't make sense
to go back to the old ways of how everyone's been
doing apparel for the last 60 70 years. This model
will allow the customer to have more options.
It'll hedge against all the other things that
I said. So, what a game changer, dude. I am so
excited to test these guys out. We're we're going
to go through a test here in the next month or two
and see how it goes and start SC because we only
roll out maybe a few styles a month. We're going
to start being able to do 10, 20, maybe 50 styles
a month at a 100 units per style. Yeah. And if
it works, we just buy all the fabric and we scale
it up and and crush it, right? But like, dude, AB
testing designs at scale, dude. What a model. This
is what Quint does, by the way. I'm friends with
the owners of some of the large manufacturers in
the world. Dude, you know how many styles? This is

[1:15:01]
gonna sound insane. You know how many styles Quint
is rolling out on a daily basis? 8,000. 8,000 in a
day. No big deal, right? Like, holy crap. When
I heard that number, I looked at Ben, our CEO,
and we were just like, what are we doing? Like,
yeah, no wonder they have a $5 billion valuation.
Like what a model. So and it's because of new
technology like this. So how can someone sitting
at home take advantage of technology like that
to launch something or to test something? Well,
I mean you can test things now and like on a small
scale you can just do it through AliExpress and
you use Oberllo and connect that to your Shopify
and you can do it on a small scale there. But at a
certain point you will have to test into portless
and give them a shot. Now, they're going to have
minimums. Obviously, they're not going to take
on every client. And you have to get to a certain
scale to really peique their interest and make
it work for their economics. Yeah. I would say

[1:16:02]
from the starting point, dude, just do AliExpress.
Like, it's so easy to go on there and ship product
directly to people from from that location. Did
you ever drop ship directly from China with True
Classic or did you just never Now the the So the
portless transit time from purchase to landed with
the customer is like six days. It's crazy. Yeah.
This is not like we're going to now have a 30-day
wait time to get your product. We're talking
six days, dude. Do you know how much now it's
like 5 days in the US? So we're adding a day with
all this upside for the customer. That's crazy.
It's exciting. I heard of this kid in Atlanta who
created this design. I'm sharing my screen right
now here on the right. God is dope. And he went
around Atlanta um selling these for $5 basically
break even. Yeah. And his whole model was give
these away for free. It's a great design. It's
polarizing. It sends a message. Then people go to
his website goddisdop.com and they start spending

[1:17:05]
20 $30 on t-shirts with different designs. This
is like his loss leader. is viral marketing loss
leader. What do you think about that strategy and
is that is that a good strategy? I think it's an
amazing people copy that. No, dude. Listen, this
is what I always tell people when they ask about
strategy as it relates to product. If you cannot
feel comfortable about giving it away free, then
you you don't have a great product, right? Like if
you feel like you have to charge people upfront,
then you need to go back to the drawing board.
Essentially, free to me is the ultimate gateway to
getting customers to invest in you because you've
broken down the barrier completely. You actually
don't even have to make them, you don't have to
charge them. Just give them something for free and
let the net the rest net out on how much they like
the product. And what a great message. I mean,
how do you argue with that? You know, it's Yeah,
I think it's a great strategy. Would you say the
same advice to someone wanting to start an ad
agency? like to get your first customer, do it

[1:18:02]
for free, prove out the value, go from there.
If you're starting out and you have nothing,
then yes. If you have proven it out, then no.
Unless you have some unbelievable like if I So,
just to give you a little insight on the SEO
agency, I'm I'm pivoting away from it. I'm
actually moving towards CRO, conversion rate
optimization, because I'm such a freak about
that with True Classic, and we've done so much
incredible work there that I'm pivoting the whole
agency towards that. And really the biggest reason
is like you create immediate value like overnight.
Do you charge a percentage of what you improve
on the conversion rate? You could you could do
that model or is that not what you're going to do?
No, I'm going to charge Well, maybe in the future.
Yeah, potentially. But in the beginning, I'm just
going to charge a flat fee to use our services and
and basically, you know, you could charge 5, 10,
15, 20,000 a month, but you're creating overnight
impact. It's unbelievable. you know, you go to
like a product page and if you redesign that thing

[1:19:02]
and it converts at like half a point better,
you have just created such unbelievable value
for that business that what is five grand to them
when they're going to be making a h 100red grand
more per month. Yeah. So, yeah, I think a key
differentiator with starting any agency is not
just impact, but provable attributable impact,
right? Because if you have like a let's say you
have like a marketing strategy agency and you're
going to get on calls and say I would do this and
I would do that and it's all kind of nebulous.
It just doesn't work right or like fractional
CFOs are exploding right now, right? Instead of
hiring someone for 10 grand a month to be a CFO,
you know, your your business isn't really big
enough, you could pay $2,500 a month for someone
to be a fractional CFO, etc. Yeah, that sells so
well because it's directly tied to value. You get
your P&L, you get your balance sheet every
month. that's what you need, right? But the
reason that like fractional COS aren't really
a thing is because it's like how do you tie it
to the value as closely as in finances or if you
had like an email marketing agency, I took your

[1:20:03]
open and clickthrough rate from this to this that
was because of me. $3500 a month, please. Right.
If you if you can't do that, you're going to be
fighting uphill the entire time. So those are the
ones you just named is exactly what I tell people
to start if like they want to go into the service
business because having lived on the other side
of this as a brand, I can tell you that the the
two most impactful service-based industries to go
into in the future that will always have a life no
matter AI or not is email marketing and CRO. Those
two are to your point incredible immediate impact
and it's like not even a conversation. There's no,
you don't have to prove anything. It's just like,
look at the numbers. Look at the data. Is it
better or worse or whatever. And those are the
quickest to propelling you to the next level.
You dial in your CRO, you dial in your email,
and it is incredible overnight impact. And those
agencies will just never lose. That's why SEO is

[1:21:01]
so tough is because it takes forever. So, like,
gone are the days of like, well, it's going to
take you a year to see results. It's going to take
you a week with CRO. So congratulations. You're on
to something now. And for people that want to know
tactically what to use on the CRO front, it's the
program we use is Intellig and it is one of the
best we've ever used. I love it. We use it every
single day. We have tons and tons tests running
and I'm going to use this platform with even my
other agency still. It it's just the best. We've
tried a bunch of them. Intellig rules. Well, dude,
one of my um one of my most favorite like pastimes
is to log into our Clavio account and just start
tinkering and just looking, messing with flows.
One of my most popular newsletters of all time,
I think it was called like how to quickest path to
20K a month. And it was basically join a Facebook
group for e-commerce business owners post and say,
"Hey, I like Clavio. It's cool. I want to tinker.

[1:22:01]
I want to improve your brand for free. 100% for
free. Give me readonly access to your Clavio
account. Let me tinker around in there. I won't
send anything before talking to you. In fact,
I won't even have permission to send anything. Let
me mess with your flows. Let me see if I can get
your revenue per recipient up. And then like get
a couple free case studies. You're probably going
to enjoy it, right? If you don't enjoy it, then
find a different business. If you do, keep going.
Pretty soon, you're going to have people lined up
to pay you $2,500 a month to improve their Clavio
flows or to add new flows or card abandonment or
welcome email or happy birthday you ordered a year
ago. Like there's so many levers to pull inside
Clavio or with CRO conversion rate optimization.
Like just start learning Intelligjs, geeking
out, see if you can get their conversion rate
from 3.1 to 3.15. Yes. That's interesting, right?
Dude, what you just said about that that process
you just walked through. Yeah. I try to tell
people this all the time because they every I
get pitched to use these agencies like a million
times a day and I tell them I'm like dude all you

[1:23:06]
would have to do to get me to sign up like within
10 seconds is do a shred of pro bono work just do
a shred just show me something of value and but no
one wants to do that work right everyone is just
lead genen at scale let me just mass email every
single business in the world and get them to sign
Dude, the path to getting a true classic as for a
huge retainer is doing exactly what you just said,
which is show and prove your value and do a
bunch of work up free. If you want all the money,
do a little bit upfront and and really show us and
dial in and go because how are we going to say no
to that, right? Like if you actually do that work
and you show us the value and you've already spent
the time and energy, there's almost zero chance
I can say to no. And even to this day when I get
people that are like, "Hey, I have this actor or
this athlete that wants to work with you and I'm
just like, okay, and then what?" Like, you haven't
done the work to tell me what that even means for

[1:24:06]
True Classic. You're just saying, "Hey, I got
this guy. Pay me this money. The end." That does
not work for me these days. I try to tell these
agents, I'm like, you guys have got to spend time
getting creative, coming up with a solution that
works for us, what is on brand, what will work
for our customers, not just, hey guy, type price,
do it. It's like, dude, I'm out of that land from
from you, just so you know. Now, now they have to
go way back to the drawing board and they're like,
well, forget True Classic. This is like I have
to do work like I'm out of here. Like on to the
next brand. even with like, you know, we do like
these big partnerships now, like we're with the
UFC or with the Clippers or with the Kings or
with the Rams. Like, we're doing all these big
sexy brand deals and even with them originally,
they would, and UFC's been an amazing partner,
by the way. Like, I have no complaints. But like
some of these other ones that I have worked with,

[1:25:00]
dude, they come with these proposals that's
like, you know, a million, two million bucks
a year. We're gonna put you on a on the jumbotron
with your logo and the end. Oh my gosh. I've been
pitched that before, too. Are you talking about,
dude? Like, unless you're taking little Johnny
from the top of the rafters to courtside and
making an impact, I don't want to hear it. So,
come back with your proposal that is filled with
thoughtfulness. Let's show up for the fans. Let's
give them free product. Let's create a moment for
them. Because that's what I'm trying to do. Like,
if you don't come with impact, I don't want
to hear it. Don't show me your sexy deck with
big numbers and all these impressions. You're
not going to win me over, right? You come with
thoughtfulness and initiatives and charity work
and ways to show up for humans. Now I give a And
they leave those meetings like like so deflated.
But I'll tell you, dude, when they come back to
the table with those second and third proposals,
they come correct because they know exactly what

[1:26:04]
I'm looking for. And it's so different than all
the other brands they work with because they're
like well Bud Light just says like here's some
money and then just do the thing. It's like yeah
dude we're not Bud Light. Like we're we're scrappy
a startup just so you know. Like we quantify our
dollars. So like just don't go that route and you
will get our business. Oh. So good. Okay. So, if
we're talking agencies, if you were to rank from
most to least promising or from most demand but
lowest supply, like the greatest asymmetric bets
in starting a service business or an agency today,
where would you rank them from from best to worst?
Definitely CRO number one because even with email,
I would put email number two, but with email there
is a bit of a ceiling where like the creativity
like can just hit a bit of a limit. Even with
us, like we've tried to like the wealth ceiling.

[1:27:00]
Yeah. Like the whereas like CRO there's so many
components to a website, right? Like on email it's
literally just an email. The end. And even with
email, like we've done some amazing things with
like Maverick AI. Do you know what Maverick AI is?
It's like where I sat in a room and they recorded
me and I went through every name in the English
language for like two hours and I said like,
"Hey, Jennifer, hey Derek, hey." And then they
piece it all together and I tell a story with
saying their name off the rip so that you like
capture them, right? It's so magic. I love it.
So like that is taking email to the next next
level, but like beyond that, there's nothing left.
It's like we've already done it at the highest
level. So now with CRO though, I'm telling you,
dude, my in-house guys come with a proposal every
week and we sit there for like an hour and just
riff on ideas and we come out with some of the
most amazing stuff and it just evolves and evolves
and evolves and then the next week it's something
else and it never ends. Which means for an agency,

[1:28:04]
you'll never run out of ideas. Like you'll just
keep going. Email, I've seen these agencies,
they come in, they do good work for like a month
or two, and then after like six to eight months,
it's starting to like hit its limits already, and
they're out within a year. So like CRO, you get a
good agency, dude, they're never leaving because
upside is tremendous. So Oh, dude, I have a
headache in a in a good way. This has been really
really good. I'm just happy to be here talking to
you and like-minded uh entrepreneurs are they're
tough to find and and even like you walking
through some of your examples shows me that
you're thinking about things the right way. That
is a rare quality and it's something I look for in
people even that we hire here. Like we go through
homework assignments and like we get to see how
their train of thought works. And I will tell you
that what we've learned over six years of hiring
hundreds and hundreds of people that what works

[1:29:04]
best here are entrepreneurs. And what we know
about them is that they might not be here that
long because they are going to go start their own
thing and we're okay with that. But while we have
them here, they think about things the right way.
They think about the customer. They think about
the journey. They think about thoughtfulness.
They they are scrappy. They're jack of all
trades. Like they're all the things you need for
this business to work because that's who we are,
right? Like we're those guys. We're kind of like
masters of none, jack of all trades. And we're
dangerous at every little thing. But we're not
specialists. Now, you still need some specialists,
like finance, for example. Like, you need those,
but I heavily index on the jack of all trades guys
just like yourself. If I were to find a guy
like you that was in the working environment,
like I would snatch him in a heartbeat because
it's it's a rare quality. Well, I hope that brings
people comfort to hear that because you know you
get stressed out if you chase shiny objects and
all these rabbits and you know a little bit about
Facebook ads, a little bit about copywriting,

[1:30:03]
a little bit about e-commerce, like lean into it.
It doesn't make you unemployable. It makes you an
even better employee if if you decide to go that
route or a better employer, right? And over time
with all that surface area of little things that
you've tested and tried, you're naturally going
to find things that you love the most and then
you will become a specialist accidentally on
certain things within all of those trades. Yeah.
The other thing I would say as it relates to that,
if we're talking about employees, the one thing
that makes the biggest difference in the world is
identifying impact versus busy work and putting
all your energy towards impact. Now, people would
say, "Well, yeah, but I got to get the work done."
Yes. I'm just saying energy deployed needs to be
8020. 80% of your energy towards impactful things
for the business, 20% to busy work and learn AI,
learn a AI agents, find ways to get that busy
work off your plate. Because if you want to
go from intern to CEO, it will only be on impact.
It will not be because you worked busier than the

[1:31:05]
other busy bees in the company. It will be because
you identified something, you created opportunity,
you found it, you did, you had the initiative and
the insight to go after it and figure it out. That
is true impact. And because of the thing that you
found, it was wildly successful for the company.
Impact is so tough to understand though. When
you come into a company, you have to listen to
your leaders. You have to talk to the business
owners. You have to learn what is impactful to
the business. Like if you were to come in today
and you would go, "Ryan, what what would work
for True Classic?" What do you think I would say?
I would say, "Dude, study CRO. I know you're in
operations right now, but if you came out with a
CRO win, you think I wouldn't credit you towards
that and give you something out of that and excel
you in the company." Like, I don't care where it
comes from. It's just find a way to be impactful
and you are really on to something as an employee.
I mean, just to just back of the napkin, let's say
you I imagine you have several million-dollar days

[1:32:05]
on your website, right? Dividing your annual sales
by 365. Let's say you have a million dollar day,
three and a half% conversion rate. Yeah, we're
we're averaging, you know, anywhere from on like a
random day, it could be as low as like, you know,
250 days all the way up to, you know, Black Friday
gets into like multi-million dollar days. And then
how many visitors per per day on average are you
getting? It's somewhere between a 100 to 150,000 a
day. Okay. So if you have 100,000 visitors a day,
that's 3,500 orders at a three and a half%
conversion rate. If you find some intern that
gets your conversion rate from 3.5 to 3.6, that's
an extra 100 orders, right? Is that right? No,
it could I think it would be a little bit more,
but like I get where you're going with it,
dude. I if anything moves CVR, you are on your
way. Like if I was a guy that knew nothing about

[1:33:00]
that world and I had came up with an idea or I
saw a post somewhere or I was surfing and I put it
in that channel on Slack where all of us are and
it did something, dude, you have just now become
wildly valuable even outside of whatever you do in
your particular role. Like understanding impact as
it relates to certain industries and just putting
an idea out there is so important. I mean we have
a a channel in Slack called ideas and that can
come things inspiration can come from all sorts
of different people in all sorts of different ways
and that really empowers people to just always be
curious and learning and figuring things out and
looking to what's next and give us a nugget and
that nugget can turn into a mountain very quickly
if it's great. Even if you just give like the
inkling of an idea that someone else turns into
something real, right? You're still the originator
of the idea and they're going to tie that to you.
That's what happened with the teacher initiative.
It was one idea from like a social manager and she
was like, "Hey, we should like, you know, it's the

[1:34:05]
end of the school or beginning of the school year
and these people need help." And I was like, "What
is this?" And I looked into it and dude, I turned
it into a mountain. I took that little nugget and
I expanded on it and I blew it up into this big
thing and within a month we're on like every
newscast. I was spending hundreds of thousands of
dollars on wish list and now I have this community
of amazing teachers that support me and follow
me and and they follow every move I make and here
I am every year spending all this money to help
them. And it started from one little concept from
one person who was not that high up on the chain
at all. But dude, even in this conversation, her
name is Tiffany. I give her credit in almost every
podcast I'm on that they bring this up. I'm like,
and I want to forever champion her and clap her
up because she deserves it, dude. Yeah. She was
there putting in the work, figuring out what
people need and how to drive value to them.

[1:35:02]
You know what you very easily could have said,
what most leaders would have said is, "Thanks,
Tiffany. Super cool idea. We're just kind of
focused on X, Y, or Z right now." Exactly.
Right. But that's the magic that happens when
you see a thread and you pull on it. It's like,
where will this go? Where will this go? Chasing
shiny objects, right? And I'm obviously obsessed
with impact. So, the more I looked into it,
I was just like, these poor teachers, dude,
they have to spend their own money at these title
one schools. They have to spend their own money to
get supplies for kids. I'm like, and I have three
kids. I have three young kids. And I'm just like,
I can't even imagine what that looks like. This
is insane what they're going through. So, it was
like, how can I not show up for these guys, right?
What's next for True Classic? Public exit cash
flow. I definitely do not want to be in the public
markets. I have a lot of friends that are in the
public markets and what a life they live with all
the stress and I just, dude, I am like, how do I
de-stress and make my life simpler and better and
easier? I'm in that kind of part of my career. So,

[1:36:03]
I think what I'd like to do is potentially a big
majority deal sometime next year or the following
year because this business went through a huge
growth year with wholesale. We're looking very
attractive to investors. So I am in a place where
I'm just like m let's either do like a, you know,
a 40% or maybe a 60% if the price is right and
then I can go on and do these other things like
what we were talking about developing some sort of
operator school and just empowering entrepreneurs
and helping them and teaching them or some sort
of a YouTube live show where people just come on
uh similar to like the I don't know if you've
ever watched Gary Vee do his uh tea with Gary
Vee like a version of that because I would just
I would crush those environments where people
just come on and hit me with questions and like
I just give them a little bit or I look at their
website and I just start destroying their website
and going, "Dude, you got to move this here. You
got to do that." I could see something like that
being great for people. So, we'll see though. Oh,

[1:37:00]
Ryan. Well, this was perfect. Even better
than I had hoped and I had high hopes. So,
where where do you want people to find you?
Basically, my name across all the socials. I'm
sure we'll link it up somewhere, but Instagram,
Twitter, LinkedIn. Yeah, it's just my name,
Ryan Bartlett, across basically everything. You
know, I can definitely be found. I'm happy to
answer questions for entrepreneurs. It's something
I love. Even to this day, people are hitting me
a lot and I'm taking a lot of time because
I wish I had that when I was younger. Like,
I really wish I had somebody kind of guiding me in
the right direction. It would have saved me a lot
of time and energy and money, frankly. Yeah. I'm
I'm easy to find on social if if you just got to
search for my name. Okay. And then trueclass
tease.com, of course. Yeah, trueclassic.com.
I still haven't changed the URL because I'm I
noticed that it redirects, right? I'm worried
about the organic implications coming from the SEO
world. I'm just like I've seen so many disasters
and I'm just like, ah, I'll just leave. It's fine.
All right. Well, thank you. Yeah, man. It was fun.

[1:38:02]
All right. What' you think? Please share it with
a friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner