[00:00]
Replet is the granddaddy of all vibe coding apps
out there. And they just released a new update.
It's called Agent 3. Agent 3 will go for up to
200 minutes on your behalf. Troubleshoot, debug,
solve problems on your behalf in the background.
I had to try it out. And I know that you guys
love the videos where I find a business idea,
I validate a business idea, and then I launch
a business idea all in one go. So, that's what
I'm going to do today. And I'm going to show
you a new method for finding business ideas that
is so obvious, so stupidly simple, right under
your nose every single day that you're going to
kick yourself. This one's a certified banger.
All right, what should I build? Well, let's go to
the world's most visited website, google.com. Now,
as a business owner, I know that invoicing
software can be a pain, and it's hard to find
invoicing software that is specific to a certain
industry. Let's start by going to Google Trends
and type in invoicing software. Okay, I'm going
to go back the last 5 years. Boom. Look at that.
Up and to the right. Especially over the last
year, for whatever reason, invoicing software is

[01:03]
surging. So, we know there's demand for it. Now,
I'm going to go to google.com just to the homepage
and type in invoicing software 4. Okay. Now, the
autocomplete tells us where the demand is. It's
giving us a combo of which of these keywords have
the highest search volume and which of them are
trending in the right direction. So, the first
thing it says is small business. I like that.
That's kind of what we're thinking here, but it's
too broad. Way too broad. If I read down the list,
it goes small business free, freelancers,
contractors, mechanics, Mac, large business, soul
traders, yada yada. I think it's very interesting
that before freelancers, before contractors,
it's small business free. That shows me there's
demand for free invoicing software. Now,
this is a very tricky word. Free to them doesn't
necessarily mean unpaid to you or to me because
with invoicing software, Stripe is going to charge
about 2.9% to process that credit card payment.
But we could mark that up and the business owners
that are using our invoicing software can mark

[02:00]
that up if they want. So maybe our credit card
processing fee is 3 12%. So then we can make half
a percent of every single scent pushed through
our software and then our customers can mark it
up or they can just pass it on if they want. It's
a win-win all the way around. So, now I'm going to
change this and say free invoicing software for
small business, freelancers, yada. Okay, cool.
Let's do I'm going to go all the way down here to
contractors because that is a massive industry.
That could be a home service business. It could
be a home builder. It could be a roofer, general
contractor, subcontractor. You get the idea.
So, let's make free invoicing software that's
AI enabled and built with AI because we don't know
how to code for contractors. Cool. Okay. Okay, so
as luck would have it, Replet just released what
they're calling Agent 3. Now, what is Agent 3?
It's basically Replet on steroids. Vibe coding on
steroids. Instead of it thinking for a few seconds
or a few minutes, it will think and go and act on
your behalf, search the internet for solutions,
problem solve, troubleshoot for up to 200 minutes
straight. It claims to have 10 times more autonomy

[03:04]
than version two. If you build an app, it will
self- test the apps in a real browser and then it
will fix any issues it has automatically before
even consulting with you. It can generate other
agents for you. And basically, it just allows you
to be hands off for hours at a time while it just
works and grinds. So, this is going to be my first
time using it. Let's see how it goes. Here's my
prompt. Build me a free invoicing software for
contractors where my customers can use natural
language either via SMS or a chatbot window. I'm
actually going to change that either via email or
a chatbot window to create and send invoices that
have a Stripe link attached. I only need a Stripe
and resend API. And I'll get to that in a minute.
It should be very simple. So, the functional
version should enable my small business customers
to email or use a mobile friendly chatbot window,
something like send an invoice for $800 to Mary
Smith for tree trimming services. We're going
to check the box for web app cuz that's exactly
what this is. We're using agent 3 automatically

[04:02]
and we're going to go. Okay. Now, while this
is working, we're going to go to resend. Resend
is basically an infrastructure layer that powers
email marketing services or transactional emails
such as sending an invoice from a business. I've
never used resend. I don't have an account. I just
heard that it's a good solution for transactional
emails like this. This is not an ad. Get started.
Log in with Google. Wow, I like that. One click
and I added an API key. And it makes sense because
this is not a publicly facing email marketing
service like Beehive or Mailchimp. This is meant
to be the plumbing for sending emails, mostly
transactional emails. You would never use this for
a newsletter or for your Shopify store. Believe it
or not, just because you're watching this doesn't
mean you're subscribed to my channel. YouTube's
going to show you stuff even if you're not
subscribed to it. Over half of people that watch
my videos are not subscribed. It would mean the
world to me if you just hit subscribe. Thank you
so much. Okay, so easy enough. With a few clicks,
we already have our resend API. I'm pretty sure
under their free plan, we can do what we need

[05:04]
to do. We still need our Stripe API. So, I'm going
to go into Stripe. Now, I need to create my Stripe
API key. I'm going to go to Stripe, click on
developers, click on API keys, create secret
key for building my own integration. I'm going
to type in invoice biz. Create. Boom. There's
my key. Those should be the only two API keys
I need for this. Let's go back to Replet. Okay,
it says I'll include the following features.
Natural language processing to extract invoice
details from text. Input mobile friendly chatbot
email interface that processes incoming emails to
automatically generate invoices. Invoice generate
yada yada yada. It says it's going to take 20 plus
minutes to build the entire app. Yeah, I don't
care about design. Let's go for it. Let's oneshot
prompt this bad boy. I'm going to see if I can
give it my API keys early. Where can I submit
my API keys for both Stripe and resend? They are
ready. Now, what Replet will do now is put your

[06:05]
prompt into a queue. It used to get tripped up
because people such as myself would ask it to do
like seven things all in a row. Boom, boom, boom,
boom. And they would only do like two. And then
we get mad over here like, "What are you doing?
You're hallucinating." And as Louis CK would say,
it has to go to space. In other words, be grateful
that we have this miracle that will build apps for
us. We're asking it to do too much. So, Replet has
gotten ahead of that and it doesn't really let us
do that anymore, which honestly is a good thing
because it helps better set our expectations. Now,
an SMS or a texting integration for this would be
perfect. That way, if you're out on a job site,
you just cut down a tree, you want to send them
an invoice. Instead of logging into your CRM,
filling out their name, their phone, their email,
their address, and all that, you can just text a
number and say, "Send Mary Smith an invoice
for $800 for tree trimming services." Boom.
And then Mary just gets it just by you sending a
text. Okay? Or you just open your chatbot window

[07:03]
and you say the same thing. And then you tell the
chatbot what Mary's phone number is. And then Mary
will get a text with a link to an invoice that has
a Stripe checkout link. Now, here in the United
States, they have what's called A2P registration
that takes about 2 weeks. And that's a regulation
enforced by the government that requires dirty
marketers like myself to go through and this long
arduous process to register a phone number to make
it legal to text people, whether it's a marketing
text or a transactional text such as this. So,
can we do that? Yes. But for the purposes of this
video, that's going to take a couple weeks. You're
going to do it through Twilio. You're going to
create an API key in Twilio. You're going to buy a
phone number in Twilio for $1 a month. Then you're
going to go through the A2P registration. But in
order to get something launched, we need to launch
an MVP, a minimum viable product. So if we're
building a car, instead of starting with wheels
and then adding a body and then adding an engine,
that's not an MVP. If we're building a car, we

[08:04]
need to start with a scooter because at least with
an MVP, you can move around from point A to point
B. then you upgrade to a bike, then you upgrade
to a motorcycle, then you upgrade to a car. That's
the right way to build a business. So instead of
waiting till we have everything perfect, we've got
A2P registration, we have the perfect design, we
have the perfect logo, we have the domain name,
we have the marketing plan, business plan, and
then maybe we can launch. By the time we get
to launch day, we're probably never going to be
to launch day because we put so much friction,
so many roadblocks between us and launch day that
we never launched. So, we're in the business of
launching fast, moving fast and breaking things.
Launching with an ugly product that we're kind
of embarrassed about, but that works. It works at
least a little bit because if you're not at least
a little bit embarrassed by version one of your
product or service, then you probably waited too
long to launch. Okay, we need a domain name for
this thing. I like the name invoice freely. It's
four syllables. It's easy to spell. It says what
you do. I'm not pigeon holing myself into only

[09:02]
home services or into only plumbing. Any business
that sends an invoice could hear the name of that,
know how to spell it, and think this is for
me or at least this could be for me. So,
this domain name is unregistered. It's 11 bucks.
I'm going to go ahead and buy it. Now, the haters
out there will say, "Invoicing software is such
a crowded market. There are so many solutions to
invoicing software." And to them, I would say, "I
know." But you know what? There's 33 million small
businesses that all need invoicing software
and most of them are not happy with it. So,
I don't care. I don't care. Huge market means
huge demand and more surface area for being
able to stand out. More opportunity to stand out.
Even if we had a 100 customers on this business,
that could be $1,000 a month. That's awesome. With
almost no cost. Okay, I'm back on Replet and it's
telling me it needs my four API keys. I almost
forgot about my OpenAI API key because we're going

[10:00]
to be using natural language to ask OpenAI through
our app, through the API to go do things for us.
So, we're going to click this plus button right
here. Then, we're going to go to secrets. This is
where we store our secrets. We're going to click
new secret. We're going to type in resend API key
and go back here. Boom. Copy. So just to confirm,
I asked Replet, hey, I added my resend API key
to my app secrets. Did you see it? And it's like,
yes, I see it. It already has my open AI API key.
It should have my Stripe key. Nope, it doesn't
for some reason. So Replet needs two Stripe API
keys from me. Here's a pro tip for you. The Stripe
secret key starts with SK and then the vite stripe
public key starts with PK. All of those are in
the API keys tab within the developer section of
your Stripe account. Don't get intimidated by this
stuff. Chad GPD can walk you all through it. So,

[11:00]
new secret invite Stripe public key value. Public
key is in PK. Now, it should have everything.
Continue building. You should have all four API
keys. Now, please verify that they all work. Okay,
it says it has all four of my API keys and it's
going to verify that they're all working properly.
Okay, all four are working perfectly. There it
is. There's our preview. There's our dashboard.
It's right there. Let's give it a shot. Send an
invoice to Mary Smith for $800 for tree trimming.
her email is. And then I'm just going to type in
my email. It even added a dashboard that shows
how many invoices I've sent out, how much I've
paid this month, how much is pending, how many

[12:01]
perfect. I've extracted the following invoice
details. Customer Mary Smith. Amount 800. Service
tree trimming. Due date. Should I create this
invoice and send it to the customer? Yes. Now, if
I wanted it to not prompt that back to me, I could
ask it to do that, but I kind of like confirming
it. Okay, I did not receive the invoice. The
dashboard updated. It shows I have one invoice and
one customer, but no invoice arrived. Now, this is
cool. Very, very cool. All right, I can click this
eyeball and I can see the invoice that it created.
This is as Mary will see it, I assume. And I see a
Stripe link. Let's see if that works. Okay. All
right. That is cool. It pulled up Stripe. Like,
it's right there. Stripe. There it is. Boom. In
case you can't see it, it's right there. That is
impressive. I could pay that right now and it
would work. I just click send again. I'm going
to ask it. Everything is working great except
the email is never arriving to the customer. I

[13:04]
told the chatbot to send the invoice to chris
at co-founders.com. Okay, while it's working,
I'm going to go ahead and publish this on the
custom domain that I bought because that can
take a few minutes to populate. Let's I want to
be efficient with our time. So, I'm going to click
publish. Then, I'm going to click publish. You
can't publish to a custom domain until you publish
to the replet domain first. So, the reason that
my email didn't send is because of the from email
address. The email service is trying to send from
the email address invoices@yourcomp.com because
there's no from email environment variable set,
but this domain isn't verified with resend. That
makes perfect sense. If I owned your company.com
and I went into resend and verified my domain
name, which basically gives me the authority to
send emails from that domain name, so resend knows

[14:00]
that I'm not a spammer or a scammer, then it will
send it. But I haven't done any of that. So, it's
now telling me to add a from email in my secrets.
So, I'm going to go in here and put a different
email of mine in there. Now, the question is, am
I going to have to validate that domain name from
resend? All right, it's going to retest it again.
Okay, yep, I'm still bugging out. I think I need
to go into my resend account right here and add a
domain. Use a domain you own to send emails. So,
okay. So, in order to send any emails through
resend, transactional marketing or otherwise,
they need you to add your own custom domain name.
Now, I don't need to go pay Google Workspace for
like an actual email address that I use actively
that where I receive emails. This is going to be
a no reply email. Like when you get the marketing
emails and it says no reply, I'm just going to
use one of the hundreds of domain names I own
to send these transactional emails from, even

[15:03]
though I won't be receiving any incoming emails
at those addresses. So, I'm going to click add
domain. Then, I'm going to go into my NameCheep
account and I'm going to pick just one of these
many domain names that I'm not using for email.
This one's called chrisgpt.ai. I'm going to go to
advanced DNS. I'm going to click custom MX. Then
I go back to resend chrisgpt.ai add domain. Okay,
this is telling me what to make those custom MX
records. Don't be intimidated. It's very simple.
You're just going to copy this. This is going
to be send. The value is going to be this. The
priority is 10. Save all changes. Okay. Back here.
Text. Send. And then that. Now the text record is
going to be up here. Add new record. Text send.
Paste that. Go back here. Text that. And then

[16:06]
that text that and then that. Boom. Boom. Now
demark text_dmark. And this basically tells the
inboxes that this is a trustworthy email. I'm not
spoofing. I'm not impersonating someone else. Text
demark that. Boom. Now, we're going to click I've
added the records. This can take a little time.
That's cool. Right here, we can check these boxes
to enable click tracking and open tracking. So,
we can see if someone's looking at our invoices
or clicking on the invoices. That can help us
know if we should get aggressive with them
or not. Okay, let's go back into Replet. Says
everything's ready. We want to connect this to our
new domain. Now, this doesn't have to be connected
to chrisgpt.ai. We're just using that domain to
send these transactional emails with the invoices.

[17:00]
We want this domain to live on the one we just
bought, invoicefree.com. I click domains, manually
connect from another register, invoicefree.com.
Okay, now you already know how to do this. We're
going to go back to our domain list. We're going
to go to find it. Manage advanced DNS. Add new
record. A at that. We're going to add a at that.
Boom. Go back here. Text at that. Add new record.
Okay. This is also going to take a few minutes.
All right. Let's go back to resend. Boom. All the
DNS records are verified. You are ready to start
building and sending emails with this domain.
Amazing. So, if I can do it, you can do it. We're
going to go ahead and enable click tracking. Open
tracking. It says not recommended. It can produce
inaccurate results and decrease deliverability.
Okay, we'll turn it off. That's fine. No risk to
click tracking. However, so now theoretically,

[18:05]
Replet should work. My prompt was, okay, I added
a send from email in resend. Try to send that last
email again. Go back to the preview. All right.
So before I told it to use the send from email,
chriscendees.com, but that's not the domain name
that I verified in resend. So replet was getting
confused. So I said ignore that. The domain I
verified in resend is chrisgptt.ai. So the send
from email can be no reply at chrisgptt.ai.
Now I have to update that secret right here.
I go here. Boom. Edit. Update. to secret from
email no reply at chrisgp.ai add secret. Okay,
done. We have a pod in TK owners for people vibe
coding apps. And a pod is just a group of people
that all share a common interest. They're all vibe
coding apps troubleshooting together. So if you're

[19:02]
serious about building a business or growing a
business, go to tkowners.com and join us. I myself
do a weekly ask me anything. I'll help you grow
your business. I'll help you start your business.
We have a second weekly ask me anything with smart
people that I have on the podcast. You're going to
love it. So, come check it out. Let's freaking go.
Oh my gosh. There it is. I got to show you what
I just discovered. Go over here. Look at this
in my junk mail right freaking there. No reply
at chrisgp.ai sent to my email. Invoice00001
from your business name. I can change that.
can fix that. Boom. Dear test customer, thank
you for your business. I literally have tingles
right now. Like, this is silly. This is silly. I
have tingles. The amount's not right. $150. But I
don't care. I don't know why it's $150. The email
worked. And that was the broken part. I click on
the link and it's $150. This is a test invoice.
That's okay. We're going to get it to work. I'm

[20:00]
freaking amped right now. This never gets old.
Okay, I republished. Now, I'm just going to go
ahead and use this chatbot again. And would you
look at this freaking thing right here when I go
to invoicefree.com. Boom. Look what you get. There
it is on this custom domain name. Does it get any
more beautiful than that? I can use the app right
here in my custom domain name. Make an invoice
for John Smith for $400 for gutter cleaning.
Let's go ahead and throw a curveball. Let's add
in his address as well. His address is 123 Maple
Drive, Dallas, Texas, 75443. And you can email the
invoice to him at this is one of my personal email
addresses that's getting blurred out. Let's see if
that works. Now, I don't even know if the fixed
version published yet. Okay. John Smith, gutter

[21:00]
cleaning, due date, yada yada yada. Yes. Create
invoice. All right. Well, two steps forward, one
step back. It's hosted on a custom domain name,
which is awesome, but I didn't get the email. So,
I basically told Replet, I prompted it to make
an invoice for John Smith, yada yada yada, and
the email never arrived, not even in spam. Okay.
Okay. Now, here's something interesting. When I
go into my resend account and I go to the first
tab, emails, I can see that it sent these emails,
or at least it's cued. It's queued up to send.
That's interesting. Okay, if I click on this,
there's the invoice and it's 400. It's not 150.
So, I'm going to go tell Replet what I learned
in resend. I said these emails show as cued in
resend. Does that help? If I go into my app here
and I click the eyeball, I can see it. I click it.
It opens the stripe link. $400 gutter cleaning.
Perfect. We're almost there. We're so close. Oh.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Look at this. Look at this freaking

[22:03]
thing right here. I was just impatient. I was just
impatient. Entire screen. Boom. It's in my spam.
But there they are. $400 right there. Pay now. It
worked. It worked. It went to my spam. We can fix
that. I'm not surprised it went to spam. It's
this shady no reply. That's pretty easy to fix,
but it works. It's on a custom domain and it
freaking works. So now I better get some sort
of a lead capture, email capture, lead magnet
on this because once this video goes live,
you might you guys might want to use uh invoice
freely. Am I planning on making this a business?
No. But it's really hard to create a business via
a vibe coding app and then not have it go public,
especially since so many of you people are going
to see it. So all right, to wrap this up, I feel
good about this. I feel confident about this.
The app works. We vibe coded it in under an hour.
Replet Agent 3 is legit. It's absolutely legit.
I've never had Replet work this good for me.

[23:04]
Period. End of story. And I've had it make very,
very similar apps to this and it just broke a lot
more. So, last time I built a similar app to this,
it didn't have a dashboard in there. It didn't
automatically add things that it thought I might
like. So, this is probably as about as simple
as tasks can get for Replet. They can do much,
much more than this. But, I'm super impressed.
I love it. And it works. All the APIs just work.
OpenAI works. It just works. So, big fan of uh
Replet Agent 3 and uh I hope this video is as
much of a banger for you as it is for me. Join
us at TK Owners. Share this with a friend. Please
subscribe. We'll see you next time on the Coloner