[00:00]
Don't go build a SAS. Build something
simple first. You want to build
something that buys out your time from
your day job. And all you're trying to
do is get to I usually say 10K a month.
Then once you do that, you have infinite
time all of a sudden. And that's when
you can attack something. The way I did
that was freelancing nights and
weekends. I was a construction worker.
Did a bunch of stuff I didn't want to
do, but you know what? I needed to pay
the bills. How can you charge $799? What
would you need to have to charge that
much? Not $79 a month. Don't go cheap.
Shopify apps can be viodated, right? We
actually have a list of 75 app
marketplaces like that. They're not that
complicated. The marketing you do is
learning how to optimize your listing in
the app store because almost all your
customers will come from that app store.
As opposed to if you're going to build a
full-blown SAS, do you know how to
market? Do you know how to support?
Like, it's a lot, man.
Most people think you need money,
connections, or Silicon Valley venture
capitalist to start a software business.
Also, most people think you need to be a
software engineer. My guest today proved
that none of that is true. How do you

[01:00]
that none of that is true. How do you
know what to vibe code, what to build
with no code, and what to actually hire
a software engineer for? Rob Walling has
built and sold multiple big companies
without any outside funding. And he
created what he calls a stairstep
method, which is a framework that shows
everyday people how they can go from
freelancing to big business, one step at
a time. Rob's invested in over 220 small
startup software businesses, so he knows
exactly what works and what doesn't. We
also talked about 75 different app
marketplaces that you can vibe code or
actually code apps for where you will
have more demand than supply. Did you
know that Zoom has an app store?
Exactly. So, if you ever want to launch
a productized service, an agency or a
software as a service business, you're
going to learn a ton from this episode.
Please enjoy. Vibe coding is fun for I
use this analogy of like if I invited
you over to my house and said, "Let's
build let's you and I build an outhouse,
just a tiny little shack. We could go to
Home Depot. We could buy some 2x4s and
some um plywood and we'd figure it out

[02:00]
some um plywood and we'd figure it out
and it'd probably be mostly right angle.
&gt;&gt; It's a hole in the ground.
&gt;&gt; It's a hole in the ground and then you
put a thing around it, right? And if I
said, "Hey, now come help me build a
tool shed in the back." You and I could
probably still figure that out with
basically no experience, right? And this
is this is us vibe coding things. The
moment I said, "Hey, can you help me
build a two-car garage or you just you
and I, let's build a house, like a
two-bedroom house, it would not go well
because it's big. It's more
complicated." It's same thing with vibe
coding. So what types of startup ideas
or SAS ideas are vibecodable versus not
vibecodable in your opinion?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean it comes back to that
analogy earlier of like the simpler the
simpler ones often the simpler ones that
you know usually don't have to you don't
need that many lines of code. They don't
have to be super maintainable because
they are a feature or two. And
scalability probably is an issue like do
they have to can they work with you know
50 users or 100 users versus like 50,000
right or a lot of a lot of throughput
like my last SAS app I built with a
co-founder it was called Drip and you

[03:01]
co-founder it was called Drip and you
know by the time we sold it in 2016 it
was doing a we were sending
50 million emails a month and so we had
the scale and that's not and then that's
a drop in the bucket compared to like
Mailchip. Mailchip was send sending like
half a billion emails a day at that
time. But still 150 million emails that
has to scale. You could not vibe code
that. It would not work. You would lose
job, right? It's high throughput. Same
thing with no code. No code is awesome.
And we have internal line of business
apps. I believe three of them that are
full-blown SAS apps that my
non-technical staff have built using Air
Table and it's and make you know and
it's amazing. But I would never put
those into production with real
customers using them. They won't scale.
They're brittle. the UX is not great. To
me, this kind of the simpler the better.
Or if it's a small use case, it's like,
well, I only have three users. I could
vibe code this because it breaks or if
the UX isn't that great, you know,
doesn't doesn't really need to it's not
like it has hundred, you know, tens of
of thousands of people using it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So if someone is listening and
they're non-technical and they want to

[04:01]
they're non-technical and they want to
build something maybe with Replet or
maybe with an automation or maybe a
service maybe an agency in your opinion
like what are the maybe not a specific
idea but types of business ideas more
broadly speaking that are the quickest
to like 10k MR would it be like a tool
like a SAS tool that you vibe code or
like an agency where you charge $2,000 a
month and you need five customers? the
agency. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. I
mean, I So, I'm a SAS. I love SAS
because of the recurring nature of it.
Because the exit multiples are insane.
They're the best in the world for any
business. You can create vast amounts of
wealth very quick. Not very quickly is
is a is a relative. Yeah. But if you
know, if if you catch it, it it becomes
very valuable. But no, freelancing and
agencies and dollars for hours or
dollars for services is going to grow so
so so much faster. It's just that
becomes a pain because you have clients,
right? Yeah, revision requests back and
forth. A lot of communication.
&gt;&gt; Totally. But that's the way to get I
mean I know of a number of SAS founders.

[05:00]
mean I know of a number of SAS founders.
I have this concept called the or this
framework called the stairstep method of
entrepreneurship. And I talk about look
don't go build a SAS. That's like step
three. That is really hard. It's
complicated especially if you're
nontechnical. Like just don't jump into
that. Build something simple first. And
really what you want to do is you want
to build something that buys out your
time from your day job. I'm assuming
everyone has to work a day job because
I, you know, most of us do. I had to
when I was younger. The way I did that
was freelancing nights and weekends
until I saved up enough money that I
went then went and acquired. I didn't
have the time to build a SAS, but I went
and acquired uh it was software product,
but it was pre-SASS because it was only
one time download, but I bought that.
Then I built that business on the side.
And then I built a couple and that got
up to like $4,000 a month, which was not
enough to live in Los Angeles. But
&gt;&gt; and it wasn't even a SAS. You were just
a onetime purchase.
&gt;&gt; It was a onetime thing. Yeah. This is
2005.
It wasn't It was 2005 to 2008 or nine. I
don't remember when I I gave it to my
business partner. But the idea is
&gt;&gt; you you pick something that's a little
simple and it's a tight niche and may

[06:00]
simple and it's a tight niche and may
never get to more than five or 10 grand
a month. You're not looking for a
million dollar idea. It's okay because
you're off the radar of of big
competitors. You're less reliant on
these heavy heavily competitive traffic
channels
&gt;&gt; or your job. And all you're trying to do
is get to I usually say 10k a month
because that's when most people can quit
their job, their day job. Then once you
do that, you have infinite time all of a
sudden. And that's when you can attack
something. You have some experience from
having these little products. Oftentimes
these are little add-ons, right? It's
like a Shopify app. So Shopify apps can
be vibe coded, right? Heroku add-ons. We
actually have a list of 75 app
marketplaces like that. The HubSpot app
marketplace, the Spotify or Shopify. You
can search just microcom at marketplaces
and we have a list of them and it's for
exactly this purpose. Yeah, it's for
&gt;&gt; the Chrome extension store, right?
&gt;&gt; Totally. Exactly. It's all of those
things that that are add-ons. The nice
part about those is those are usually
kind of one feature. They're usually,
you know, hundreds of lines of code.

[07:00]
you know, hundreds of lines of code.
Some of them become thousands, but
they're not that complicated. And you
don't really The marketing you do is
learning how to optimize your listing in
the app store because almost all your
customers will come from that app store.
Believe it or not, 67% of the people
that watch my YouTube videos don't
subscribe to me. And over 90% think that
they're subscribed to me. So, do me a
quick favor and check that you're
subscribed to me. If you're not, please
do. It would mean a lot. As opposed to,
if you're going to build a full-blown
SAS, you need 50,000 lines of code.
You're going to build it yourself or
hire a developer. Now, you have to
learn. You have you register a domain
name. Great. How do you get people to
that? Do you know how to market? Do you
know how to copyright? Do you know how
to support? Do you know how to host?
Like, it's a lot, man. It's like 10, 15
really complicated things. you
eliminate, you know, several of those by
going with this stairstep approach. Now,
it doesn't just have to be software,
though. Like the original stairstep
method
&gt;&gt; I talked about step one. Maybe you could
do maybe it's an ebook or a course or
maybe it is freelancing. I don't
actually include that, but you know, it
could be a productized service, an
agency. One of our founders, founder of

[08:01]
agency. One of our founders, founder of
Castos, which is podcast hosting. He
built a productized service called it's
called Castose Productions now but it
used to be called podcast motor and it
is podcast editing and production and it
was 5 five as a service 500 and500 a
month depending on how long your podcast
is how many episodes if it's video it's
audio you know you get it. So it's not
consulting because it's c it's it's not
custom, you know, it's tiers of pricing.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's it's basically based on your
needs.
&gt;&gt; And so he was working a day job as a
pharmaceut No, not pharmaceutical, it's
like medtech sales. And he built this to
like $30,000 a month over the course of
a couple years. And it was
&gt;&gt; himself.
&gt;&gt; No, he hired people. He found editors on
Upwork. He found Yep. He had project
managers and editors. And he did the
sales. That was his big thing. He did
the selling. And then once you have a
podcast if you keep going you just paid
him every month. He then parlayed that
bought a little WordPress plugin.
Someone let him I think I don't even
remember if he paid for it but you know

[09:00]
remember if he paid for it but you know
WordPress plugin that was like oh
podcast hosting cuz you're in the same
space doing and then he turned that into
a SAS app called Castos. Now it's a
seven figureure app and wow that's how
he stairstepped his way out. The people
who either quit their day
&gt;&gt; beautiful example. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; totally. And it's and I have 20 more
like it, you know, and if you go go
Google stairstep method of
entrepreneurship and I have probably
like five examples similar to that in
that article. It's an old blog blog
essay of mine.
&gt;&gt; The nice part is you do it takes longer.
It's what I did. I mean, my whole story
is just stairstepping one thing to the
next. It's like, oh, it's making five
grand a month and then I bought a Sass
and made get it to 30 grand a month and
then I built Drip which went to millions
a year and you know, it's like but I
didn't just jump into Drip. I didn't
have the money. I spent $200,000 having
drip built like 200 grand of my own
money. Well, how did I get that money
from the previous business I started?
Well, how did I get the previous
business from the previous one I
started? Well, how did I get from
freelancing nights and weekends? Yeah, I
never raised funding
&gt;&gt; cuz I couldn't cuz I'm an outsider and I
don't know anyone who has money and I
don't know any venture capitalist.
&gt;&gt; Same.
&gt;&gt; But stairs stepping up,

[10:00]
&gt;&gt; But stairs stepping up,
&gt;&gt; whether you're doing it in software or
anything, I think is if you're a
baseball player, you don't go play in
the majors tomorrow. You play little
league, then you play high school, and
then you play college, and then if you
qualify, you go to single AAA, right?
And that's how I view entrepreneurship.
Don't look at what Jason Cohen, Darm,
Shaw, Heaton, Shaw, you know, founder of
Dropbox, whatever. Just name any big
entreprene
don't model yourself after them. Like, I
know, I get you want to get there, but
like there's they all traveled a journey
and you have to think about what they
did 30 years ago, you know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. rather than what they're doing
now.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, you just like opened the
floodgates of the questions I want to
ask you. Now, what's funny about like
that podcast agency example is I think
people have this bias for thinking, oh
well that worked four years ago, but
that got like in my experience like most
ideas work for a while,
&gt;&gt; right? Like they don't get tired for a
while. I bet someone could go start like
podcast editing agency today and find
success as long as their outreach was
dialed in and all that, right?

[11:01]
dialed in and all that, right?
&gt;&gt; Yep. and they'd have to figure out how
they're different because there's like
20 of them. So it's like how are you
different? Are you, you know, the value
player? Are you the AI player? Whatever.
But yeah, no, this stuff productized
services are really interesting. They're
really interesting. You know, I ran a
micro agency and agencies are kind of
&gt;&gt; because you have everything's custom and
it's but like productized services are
like SAS. You just don't have the
software product. You have humans doing
the work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What other products services are
you liking right now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, there's a lot of
productized services that are leveraging
well, like the design ones like Design
Pickle and all those, right? Where it's
like you pay 1,500 bucks a month and you
get designers and you just need a good
stable of of designers. There are many
that create content for you, like SEO
content.
&gt;&gt; And I like them. It's just very crowded.
I like the ones that are doing it well
in using humans, even if they're AI
augmented because then there are some
that are trying to do it purely AI and I
some guy was trying to charge 79 bucks a
month. Yeah. 79 bucks a month for eight

[12:01]
month. Yeah. 79 bucks a month for eight
blog articles a month and I'm like no
don't do that. Like how can you charge I
He asked my advice and I said
&gt;&gt; how can you charge $799? What would you
need to have to charge that much or
a,000 or 2,000? That's how you're going
to build a good product service. Not $79
a month. Don't don't go cheap. There's
so much stuff that is like kind of
custom. It feels custom like oh it needs
to be consulting or it needs to be an
agency that if you strip it down and you
say no enough it can be productized.
That's how I think about it is like what
what are people hiring freelancers and
agencies to do today and how can I
possibly turn that into an assembly
line?
&gt;&gt; What other examples of like people that
have done these stair steps do you have?
uh good friend of mine, a guy named Dave
Rodenba, he
stairstepped up with a did he buy he
either started or bought a WordPress
plugin. So WordPress, same thing. That's
a step one. I call them step one
businesses when they're probably not
going to become million dollar. You

[13:00]
going to become million dollar. You
know, they're very simple and they're
kind of hundreds of lines of code, maybe
a few thousand, but he bought a
WordPress plugin and revamped it from
doing 500 a month to three or 4
thousand. then bought another WordPress
plugin, did the same thing, then bought
a third and did the same thing, and he
just learned WordPress. And they were
like random. One was like a class, like
if you wanted to run a classified ad
site, kind of like a Craigslist type
thing. It's a WordPress plugin that
allows you to do that. 8 WPCP, is that
what it was called? And then the other
ones were again like a job board plugin
maybe for WordPress. And he built up
three of them to 20 grand a month in
revenue combined. And and it was like
cool, quitting. And he was a consultant.
He was a developer during the day. And
&gt;&gt; that changed his life. Quit quit the day
job. And you know and then that gave him
so then now he has these WordPress
plugins generating 20 grand a month and
he has hired enough he's hired the
support out he's hired developers he's
hired stuff so he almost then had 3540
hours a week
&gt;&gt; to now just build a SAS and he had
infinite runway you know and to me
that's the luxury then now this takes
longer than the the problem is is the

[14:01]
longer than the the problem is is the
good stories the the Cinderella stories
are great for podcasts and I'm a podcast
host so I'm guilty
&gt;&gt; those are the ones you hear about but
that's like survivorship bias
is and those are the I I won't say don't
model yourself after it but I see I
believe success is is three components
you have hard work you have luck and you
have skill different varying degrees
some people have no luck and they just
work their years and they build skills
and it takes them a long time I've had a
friend who got really really lucky and
he always tells me I didn't really work
that hard I just got lucky you know he
sold his business for like $21 million
that's the one that I know that did that
almost no one else does so don't don't
believe you cannot control your own luck
right but you can control hard work and
skill
&gt;&gt; and yeah That's what I try to impress
upon folks is like I would prefer to
have a system that's more not even a
system but a framework that is more
repeatable
rather than one that relies on luck and
uh stairstep method will take you longer
than if you go try to build assess today
&gt;&gt; but it's much higher chance of success
if you start small and you build those

[15:01]
if you start small and you build those
skills over years you learn how to do
copywriting you build the experience you
build confidence and you you build a
little money and you get it, right?
&gt;&gt; It's like your odds of you just tanking
are pretty high.
&gt;&gt; I think it's so important that people go
into it wide open and saying, "All
right, this is not going to make me my
first million dollars." And I know that,
and that's okay. This is step one. I'm
going to learn WordPress. I'm going to
learn how to vibe code. I'm going to
learn marketing, copywriting, whatever
with this, and I'm going to get paid to
learn this stuff. It's like going to a
college that pays you, except you enjoy
every single subject. Right. Right. And
then the other thing you're you're
self-aware about is this is going to
take longer than I think. It's going to
be harder than I think and it's going to
take longer than I think because it
always does.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it does. And and here's the thing
it saves you from is specifically the
software, but I think with a lot of
businesses, people want to kind of play
business. They want to act like they're
in business. And and and they think, oh,
you know, either going on to Twitter and
talking there or like just sitting in my
basement writing code for 6 months is

[16:00]
basement writing code for 6 months is
like that means I'm in business. It's
like, no, you're not doing anything. and
the stairstep method or at least just
launching something small and trying to
get it to work gets you out of that
mindset. It gets you doing something in
public because until you've done
something in public, until someone's
paid you, you have you don't have a
business, you know. And so this this
helps with that mindset as well of like
get out, launch quickly, and see if it
sticks versus,
&gt;&gt; you know, being in the basement. of the
75 or so marketplaces, I mean, you've
got the Zoom app marketplace, you know,
Chrome extensions, whatever, WordPress,
which ones, in your experience have the
greatest like supply and demand
imbalance, right? Like the most users
but the fewest number of apps
&gt;&gt; that changes over time. It changes
quarter to quarter, you know, year to
year because like Shopify used to have
that where it's like, oh, there's a
bunch of opportunity here and then
everyone realized it and built a bunch
of Shopify apps. So there is I think
it's it's just more crowded. I won't say
there's less opportunity. I think
there's always opportunity. I've entered
every space I've ever launched a

[17:01]
every space I've ever launched a
business into has been crowded.
Everyone, you know, except for the very
early ones that were super niche, but
like I I bought an SEO keyword tool in
2011. SEO was competitive and there were
a lot of SAS doing it. And yet I grew it
from 1,500 a month to 30 grand a month
and it was just me. It was life-changing
business for me. Wow.
&gt;&gt; And Drip was email service provider and
then a marketing automation. talk about
498 competitors or some, you know, it's
insane. And yet somehow,
&gt;&gt; how did I figure it out? I don't know. I
did because I executed because I put in
the hard work and I built the skills,
right? Now, I run a startup accelerator
that invests in SAS companies. Do you
know how many of those there are?
There's a lot. And yet, somehow we are
one of the gold standards, right? So,
I'm not saying you you want to seek
competition out, but it certainly, you
know, is a signal. And so that's where
if I were to go to Shopify or to Heroku
or whatever, you know what I would look
at is how easy is it to rank number one
or rank high for the terms that I want.
I would look at the app store
optimization and and go to Reddit, go to
Chad GPT, go to whatever because I don't

[18:00]
Chad GPT, go to whatever because I don't
know the and I don't there's 75 of them.
I'm the last time I did app store
optimization was 2015. It was 10 years
ago, you know, and it was for the
WordPress plug-in thing and I learned
that if you got the slug that you rank
for the blog, you know, my advice on
that is outdated, but somewhere
someone's talking about this or trial
and error. Figure it out. That's a lot
of the big breaks I made in in my career
have not been that I read on the
internet. It was stuff that I tried.
Talk about hard work.
&gt;&gt; Something that if someone had just told
me it would have taken an hour, took me
40 hours because I just tried all the
things. But at the end of that 40 hours,
I knew something that no one else knew
or at least no one else was talking
about. And that was my edge
&gt;&gt; 100%. Like my first my first real
business was an a physical retail iPhone
repair store. And then I sold that in
two years. I had four locations and I
launched a company that sold iPhone
parts wholesale to repair stores like
that. And day one, I spent I used this
random software to scrape Google Maps.
This was 2012. And I got this CSV of
every single iPhone repair store in the

[19:00]
every single iPhone repair store in the
country. And it was so tedious. I had
multiple monitors. It was like it was
not automated. And I would just I have
to remove all these duplicates. And then
at the end of it, I just remember
looking and I'm like, I know something
that no one else in the world knows.
This database only exists on my
computer. That is every potential
customer. I know these customers are
spending about $2,000 on parts. If I
multiply that by 21,000 repair stores in
the US, my total addressable market is X
big. If I call them and my, you know,
only 30% pick up and only 5% of like I
just knew
&gt;&gt; I was able to reverse engineer what I
needed to do to build a million or10
million business and we did 30 grand the
first month, 150 grand the third month.
And it was very not sexy. It wasn't SAS.
We were just cold calling, hey, want to
buy iPhone parts? Want to buy iPhone
parts? But I had all these numbers that
no one else had. And it's because I put
in the like three days worth of
grinding, you know, like it wasn't like
in the grand scheme of things, three
days worth of data aggregation to build
an eight figureure business is not bad,

[20:00]
an eight figureure business is not bad,
but most people they don't think to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They they either don't think cuz
there's there's creativity involved
there.
&gt;&gt; Is drop shipping still a thing? Yes. But
unless you have the right tools, you are
going to have a really hard time finding
success. Luckily, I found a genius tool
that can build an entire drop shipping
site from scratch. This platform has
people hitting 10 grand their first
month. And others have used it to build
over 30 grand per month businesses in
their first year. AutoDS is making this
possible for over a 100,000
entrepreneurs with zero inventory
sitting in their garage. Zero warehouse
headaches. Just pure profit margins from
products that they never even have to
touch. AutoDS makes drop shipping crazy
easy. We're talking complete automation,
product research, order fulfillment,
inventory tracking. Everything runs 24/7
while you sleep. You get access to 500
million products from suppliers all over
the globe who handle all of the
inventory and storage. So, here's
exactly what you need to do. Click the
link below to try AutoDS for 30 days for

[21:01]
link below to try AutoDS for 30 days for
just one buck. AutoDS lets you create a
Shopify store from scratch in minutes
directly through the platform and then
you can start selling immediately
because remember, you can just do
things. So go get on autods because the
best time to start building wealth was
yesterday. The second best time is right
now.
&gt;&gt; You know, no one told you to do it. You
just thought and you got to that well
how would I well how would I reach them?
Well, where would I find them? Well, how
would I even do that? I'm not a
developer. How would I scrape things?
Right? Most people won't follow. And
then the next thing is they don't
believe it's possible because if someone
didn't tell them because you grow up a
lot of us, especially I don't speak for
the US education system, but I think a
lot of education systems are like, "All
right, here you are. You're in
kindergarten. We're going to tell you
what to do. Tell you what to do." And
then you go to second grade, fifth
grade, you know, on and on. Then you go
to high school, then you go to college.
And did you remember coming out of
college and you're like, "All right,
who's going to tell me what to do next?"
Like, that's what we're trained to do.
And I've had entrepreneurs come and tell
me, they're trying to get a business off
the ground, and they're like, "I just
don't know what to do next. I really
want someone to tell me what to do." And
I'm like, "Oh, then don't be an
entrepreneur."
&gt;&gt; You need, too.

[22:00]
&gt;&gt; You need, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, you really do. And I don't,
you know, I don't want to be pjorative
about it, but like you have to unlearn
that mindset if you're going to be an
entrepreneur because no one's going to
tell you the the most of the job of
being an entrepreneur is making hard
decisions with incomplete information.
That's it. I say this all the time. Then
they don't believe it's possible. No one
because no one told them to do it or
they haven't seen someone else do it.
It's like, so be the first. There's a
bunch of stuff I've done that was the
first, right? And then they won't put in
the hard work. You put in 3 days if it
was 24 hours or 30 hours. Yeah. because
you were like, "Oh, this is an edge.
Yeah, I'm having it."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like, what is the potential of
this? I'm just dreaming, you know? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think a lot of people think that
this grind has to be unfun,
&gt;&gt; right? But like I'm only grinding
because I genuinely it doesn't feel like
grinding, right? And I think that's a
very key thing that people should
understand. Like if it does, like if
you're hating every moment of it, that
might just be a signal that you're
grinding on the wrong thing, you know?
&gt;&gt; Or you are not finding joy. you were
preemptively finding joy from the result
that it was going to achieve. You're
like, if this works, the upside is a

[23:02]
like, if this works, the upside is a
it's asymmetric upside. High likelihood
that I make a lot of money and that's
going to be fun. It's going to be
building a great business is going to be
fun.
&gt;&gt; Get the joy out of that as you're doing
it because grinding I mean I just
recorded a podcast episode went live a
couple months ago and it was like it was
the 12 biggest mistakes I think I made
over my career that held me back and
then the 10 best decisions and the
reason that I was successful. It was a
separate episode. 10 reasons I think I
was successful in spite of all that I
did. And one of the the reasons I think
I was successful is is the grind that
you just talked about is I see folks
especially it's like indie hackers on
Twitter today saying oh this is hard. I
don't want to do this. I don't want to
market. I don't like SEO. I don't like
selling. I don't and it's like then then
don't don't be an entrepreneur. Like you
got to do stuff you don't want to do.
And one of the reasons so I was a an
athlete as a kid. You do a bunch of
stuff you don't want to do cuz it's
hard. I was a track athlete. competed at
the state level. It was very it was hard
work all the time. Then I was a
construction worker out of college. Did
a bunch of stuff I didn't want to do.

[24:00]
a bunch of stuff I didn't want to do.
But you know what? I needed to pay the
bills. So when I became an entrepreneur,
I was always like, I'm just going to
have to do stuff I don't want to do. But
as you said, I found joy in knowing that
if it worked, oh, it was going to be
fun, right? I was enjoying a little bit
of the process, but more of like the
goal. It was let the goal motivate you
along the way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's there's like a
fine balance there. I'll continue with
your sports analogy. I like I used to
run ultramarathons and I would do like
long-distance cycling and like it it
objectively was not fun. It's very
difficult, right? I love the feeling of
when I completed a race or or did
something hard and it felt good looking
back on it, but like some people love
running and they do it cuz they love it.
I've never been that, right?
&gt;&gt; But lately I've just been working in the
yard. Like I live on a few acres and I
just do like hard things in 100 degree
Texas heat with my hands getting covered
in sweat and it's like objectively not
fun but fun at the same time because I'm
comparing it to cycling where it's like
I might get hit by a car. I'm risking my

[25:00]
I might get hit by a car. I'm risking my
life. It's hard and like there's nothing
to show for it. Whereas when I go work
in the yard, I'm at home. I'm working
with my kids. There's something to show
for it. I can look back on my progress.
I'm burning calories. And so with the
contrast of knowing the types of fun
that you don't also enjoy at the same
time or the types of hard work that you
don't also enjoy, like I'm able to just
genuinely look forward to that grind,
&gt;&gt; you know, because of the perspective
because I've tried so many other
different
&gt;&gt; ways of burning calories or trying to
stay healthy, right? So on one hand,
it's like you should enjoy it. On the
other hand, it's like you got to be
willing to eat crap for a while, but
like the holy grail is kind of both at
the same time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. I think you're right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I just had the idea like
imagine how much one could learn just
like burying themselves in a basement on
a MacBook looking at these 75 different
app marketplaces and just like learning
like spending eight hours in the Zoom
app store looking for keyword
optimization, looking for asymmetric
bets. Oh, like 8,000 people are looking

[26:02]
bets. Oh, like 8,000 people are looking
for this type of a Zoom app, but there's
only three apps. But 8,000 people are
looking for that type of a Zoom app and
they have 30 apps. Interesting, right?
Like you could build a whole community,
Twitter account, newsletter. You could
you could build something as you learn
this stuff, right? And then you could
build a tool to sell it to all those
things that have been following your
progress as you learn to find these
asymmetric bets on these app stores.
What do we think of that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I like the idea because one of
the more common questions I get is stuff
you've asked me, which is like, okay, so
you talk about these app stores as being
a nice step one, and it doesn't have to
be app stores. I I my early stuff I had
an ebook, I had a course, you know, you
can do non-software, but if we do stick
to the app store thing, it's like cool,
what tool, you know, we have hrefs for
like Google SEO, but what's the tool for
these app stores? And there isn't one.
&gt;&gt; And I don't know if it'd be the market
probably isn't big enough to to build a
tool for each of them, but but what
you're saying is doing more of the
knowledge sharing and the kind of

[27:01]
knowledge sharing and the kind of
guiding people through because that's
the extent, you know, I'm not going to
launch a course on this. I I've written
five books and I I do have a course out
on early stage software entrepreneurship
called SAS Launchpad, but I don't go to
that level of detail because the stuff
changes too fast and I do more
evergreen. And so do I think there's
opportunity for folks who who who
actually figure this out? Yeah. I mean
that's that's the kind of stuff content
I was putting out 15 years ago and it
was very popular with people because it
was pretty much how-to of tactical how
to you know how to do this kind of
stuff. So
&gt;&gt; what tools or frameworks do you like to
look at when validating these SAS ideas?
How do you look at that?
&gt;&gt; That's a good question. So I think of it
there's there's two answers to it, but
the historically
my answer has been I have a framework
called the 220200
framework. So it's the number two
slash200.
The idea is I think there are kind of
three steps to validation or three
stages. I might come up with 10 ideas
whether I'm on Reddit looking at

[28:01]
whether I'm on Reddit looking at
vertical you know like for gyms are
having this problem and no one's solving
it you know or construction work or
whatever or I'm coming up with my own or
whatever and I'm jotting them in a
notebook
&gt;&gt; the two is these are these are hours 2
hours 20 hours 200 hours for three
stages validation the two hours is
pretty much doing what you and I have
talked about which is going to SEO
keyword tools it's potentially going to
Reddit it used to be Kora although I
think Corora is a lot of spam now. But
it's basically online research of is is
any is anyone looking for this? Is there
any need for this? Is there any demand
for this? And you can do two-hour
validation on five or 10 ideas. You
know, it honestly can take you a lot
less than two hours to do it. I could
probably do it in 20 or 30 minutes. You
know,
&gt;&gt; a deep research prompt.
&gt;&gt; Totally. Now, that's where these things
change. Totally. But yeah, so two hours.
20 hours is when I take maybe it's my
best or maybe it's the one I like the
most or maybe it's my top three and I do
20our validation. So that consists of
two different things. One is I always

[29:00]
two different things. One is I always
put a landing page up for everything. I
drive traffic to it somehow. I talk
about it on podcasts. I talk about it on
Twitter. I have run ads to landing
pages. I've done landing and landing
page with an email capture is usually
what it is. Or maybe they
&gt;&gt; landing page tool
&gt;&gt; is card. C A R R D is super simple. But
I mean yeah unbounce lead pages. I mean
there's there's all these old tools that
do
&gt;&gt; card's like 50 bucks a year for 25 sites
though like you that
&gt;&gt; and we have some landing pages there.
Okay, so landing pages, dude. I have
validated and you're doing this for
validation. It's like does anyone care
about this thing? You try to write the
best headline you have. I have done
landing page validation for three
different books for a conference. Now
it's 15 years in, but the when we
launched it, it was a landing page.
That's all it was with a couple head
shots on it. I've done it for a startup
accelerator called Tiny Seed that's
invested in 2004 companies. that was
just a landing page. Like everything I
do is a landing page first. The problem
is landing pages are a little it's like,
well, no one signed up, so I don't know
what happened. I don't know. Is it not a
good idea? Do they just not care? So

[30:00]
good idea? Do they just not care? So
this the second phase of the the 220 or
I'm sorry, of the 20 hour is
conversations. And you either want to be
doing some cold outreach to get into
conversations with people on LinkedIn,
for example. Hey, I I will pay your
consulting rate if you will have a
1-hour conversation with me. Or if you
are getting people opting into your
landing page, then you reach out to them
because you have their email, right?
&gt;&gt; Can we chat real quick?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. Hey, I see you're
interested in in this book that I was
going to launch or this service. I'm
going to launch a productized service
that does X. I want to learn about what
you're looking for and what your budget
is or whatever, right? You just have a
convers and you can even say, "Hey, I
have nothing to sell you right now. I'm
just a founder and it would be a big
help to
&gt;&gt; So that's the 20our. It's kind of that
next step, right? And that again, is it
exactly 20 hours?" No, it's
directionally, you know, and maybe it's
20 hours over the course of a month.
It's 5 hours a week for four weeks. Do
this and you know, and then 200 is
building an MVP. And the reason the
numbers may not work out the way they
used to is AI. Now, can I build an MVP
in like a lot less than 200 hours?

[31:00]
in like a lot less than 200 hours?
Possibly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So then the second, you know, when
I when I started talking about 22200
framework, the first question I asked
is, can I just build the MVP of this in
like a few days and just get it live and
not do anything I just said? Now, I
would probably still do the two for me,
the twohour of the research is just a
no-brainer. But if I could get something
into the Shopify app store in like 3
days, I don't know that I would do the
other stuff. So that is where there's a
bit of a, you know, a crossroads that
didn't used to exist. It used to always
be like now you're going to have to
spend 200 hours to kind of build
anything. But with AI and no code and
and just software tools getting better,
it's kind of like I think there's a
decision point. You know,
&gt;&gt; I think what you said about AI and that
200 hours is such a key because people
think that Replet or any vibe coding
tool is going to solve all their
problems. What they need to realize is
like that 200 hours of like building a
minimum viable product just went to five
hours. So why don't I test 20 different
concepts instead of one, right? Like I
like looking at AI in that way. Like how

[32:01]
like looking at AI in that way. Like how
can I with my limited resources and time
and money do 10x more with AI as opposed
to how can I just go to sleep and let AI
agents do all the work for me because
that's not realistic yet, right?
&gt;&gt; And I think that's how like the best
companies that are embracing AI are
using it. Instead of hiring the hundred
people over the next year that they had
planned, they're hiring 30 people that
are all AI enabled and they're doing net
more than they would have otherwise.
&gt;&gt; That's what we, you know, I run these
two companies that are really kind of
one big team, a big team. I say it's 11
people. We are a multi-million dollar
community, online community with tens of
thousands of of not paying members, but
tens of thousands of people in the
audience and you know who come to the
events and such. And then we are a
venture fund that has deployed
45 that's $45 million invested in two or
four companies. We're 11 people and one
of the reasons is that we're not 20
people which we probably should be given

[33:00]
people which we probably should be given
how much we do. We run inerson events.
We do a lot of boots on the ground stuff
is because AI has has allowed us to hire
slower.
&gt;&gt; Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and
100 other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anything with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
It's not just fewer people though, like
smaller teams are more efficient.
There's just no way with 20 people
you're as efficient per person as you
are with 11. And so we are also
embracing that.
&gt;&gt; Are there any like trends that you're
seeing in this space that you really
like like types of SAS products, types
of pricing offerings, like industries

[34:00]
of pricing offerings, like industries
that are less obvious than AI, you know,
like
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What are you liking right now? I tell
you, if I was with step one businesses
or even just if I was going to launch a
a a small SAS and I was doing it on my
own, I would pick a lane where I'm
either I'm going to just have higher
churn and I'm okay with that and I'm
lower price, let's say in the 20 to $100
a month range as a starting price. I
could probably get there relatively
quickly. depends on what I'm building,
but I don't need to build something
that's so advanced and complicated that
it needs to I need to charge $1,000 a
month for it, right? This is going to be
a lifestyle business. It's not something
that's going to be a million dollar
business, but that's okay. Or I would
pick the lane of which a lot of tiny C
companies do is what can I build that is
worth at least $1,000 a month, 750 a
month. The magic part of charging that
much is it allows you to spend money to
acquire customers. The biggest downside
to having a business where you're
charging $20 a month is you can't do you

[35:01]
charging $20 a month is you can't do you
can't do any marketing. You can't afford
to do anything. So, I have 20 B2B SAS
marketing purchase. There's only 20 that
I know of that exist in the world and
they're in my last book, SAS playbook.
If you are charging like $20 a month, if
that's your average revenue per account,
there are like four of those 20 that you
can afford to do. And it's stuff like
viral, building virality into your
product. It's content and SEO if you,
the founder, are building that yourself.
So, it's your time. It's I forget what
the others are, but and if you charge
$1,000 a month, you can do like 14 of
them out of the 20, you know, and if
you're charging 2500 a month, you can do
all 20 of you can afford because, you
know, some of them are like inerson
events. You go to the trade show, you
can't if you're selling 20 bucks a
month, you can't afford to do that,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And even like ads like Google Adwords is
really expensive now. So, anyways, those
are the price point things. The other
trends that I'm seeing are horizontal
plays. So, horizontal SAS app is one
that any business can use, right?
Whether you're a construction firm,
think of like notion or Google docs,
right? Quickbooks, right? Any vertical

[36:02]
right? Quickbooks, right? Any vertical
can use it versus a vertical SAS, which
is I designed everything for gyms, you
know, for gyms and martial arts dojoos,
right? Or everything for podcast hosts,
you know, I guess podcast hosting would
be a horizontal. What we're seeing is
that if you get traction in a vertical,
usually a there's less competition, but
b we see a lot of low churn and net
negative churn businesses in verticals.
And the third thing is I invented this
term called orthogonal. So there's
horizontal SAS, there's vertical SAS,
and there's orthogonal SAS. It's just a
madeup word. What it really is is it's
rolebased SAS. So let's say you have a
horizontal tool but the person that buys
is your director of HR that is a I call
that orthogonal it's that you know the
title of the person that makes the
purchase decision versus notion like
notion is not orthogonal notion air
table it's like I don't know is it is it
a CT is it

[37:00]
a CT is it
&gt;&gt; gusto like gusto would be
&gt;&gt; is orthogonal and we have a tool called
code submit that is tests for developers
to qualify whether they're good or not
as during your hiring process, right?
Any company in the world, Target could
use that, Best Buy could use that, you
know, whatever, whoever could use code
submit. But who buys code submit? It's
usually either like the head of
recruiting or it's like your director of
engineering. So, you know, the two
titles that are going to and I think
it's one of those. I don't know the
actual title, but you get the idea. If
you're selling to a particular title,
orthogonal is also a really good way to
go because you know your end customers.
horizontal SAS if you're mostly
bootstrapping bootstrapping or mostly
it's just really hard. there's a lot of
headwinds and they tend to they tend to
plateau and you're just like, well, how
do I grow from here now that the big
players are in it, you know?
&gt;&gt; What do you think about building like
like a something generic, something
horizontal like a CRM for home service
businesses? You market it through
whatever means necessary to any home
service business. And then you learn
over time, wow, for whatever reason, my

[38:02]
over time, wow, for whatever reason, my
foundation repair customers have like no
churn. Like they're just loving this. or
for whatever reason, you know, I'm
marketing this to a hundred different
verticals and 20% of them are foundation
repair companies. Like they just might
not have a lot of options and then using
that data after the first one to three
months. Rebranding maybe your name is
generic enough to not change the name
because I don't endorse that. But just
changing the branding on your website to
say CRM for foundation repair companies.
You know what I'm saying? So start
horizontal and go all in and like
accidentally finding the vertical that
has the most supply demand imbalance.
I've
&gt;&gt; seen that done a bunch. I think it's a
great idea. It's called a zoomin pivot.
There I think there are 11 types of
pivots. Yeah. What are the types of
pivots? Zoom in. There's a zoom out
pivot which is the opposite of what you
just said where you start with the
foundation and then you start realizing
oh but also the masons and the brick
layers really like it. So you zoom out
to the other adjacent verticals or you
start with realtors and you go to
mortgage brokers and lawyers because
they're kind of similar. Yeah, I think

[39:01]
they're kind of similar. Yeah, I think
that's a great idea. The only challenge
is if you start horizontal, you'll have
more competition. So, it'll be harder to
find people. And often times, I say find
people, it'll be harder to get new
customers just cuz it's horizontal.
Often times, the data is not very clear
either. Usually, it's pretty muddy and
you're kind of like eh kind of have a
gut feel that the foundation people need
it. But, as long as you're okay with
that uncertainty, I've seen that over
and over and over in both directions to
be honest. And we have tiny companies
that add verticals,
&gt;&gt; you know, over the years. And we have
tiny se companies that get rid of
verticals and are like, ah, this is that
our worst customer type are auto
mechanics, so we just don't serve them
anymore, you know, or we till we turn
them away. We're like, nah, it's not a
fit for you. It's not it's not going to
be what you want. So, we see that too.
&gt;&gt; My last question, you have this
framework called customer pain versus
competitor pain.
&gt;&gt; Can you describe like what that means
and how startup founders can embrace
that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's just all of this stuff
that I say is just from observing 225

[40:01]
that I say is just from observing 225
companies as well as you know my
audience and micro comp and and podcast
questions over the years. I've answered
a thousand podcast questions I think
literally in 15 years. And so this one
is when I started observing especially
these days with SAS but I think most a
lot of spaces are like this is that you
have to choose customer pain or
competitor pain. Customer pain is when
you are serving an audience that is
maybe less technical. So maybe it is
construction workers that are using your
software or maybe it's realtors or
whatever. And the pain there is like oo
selling to them is kind of tough and
then getting them to use the software
and then training them and you need to
provide a lot of support and it's just
the customer is more of a pain than if
you're selling to software engineers.
Software engineers can be a pain in
their own way but at least they'll
figure your software out. They'll know
how to use it. Competitor pain is
entering a space where there's just a
lot of competitors. It's what I did with
Drip that email service provider
marketing automation. We had competitor
pain, not customer pain. Our customers

[41:00]
pain, not customer pain. Our customers
generally figured out how to use it. We
provided support and stuff, but it's not
the level of support that that the folks
I know who are starting software for
realtors do. You know, the worst
businesses are when you have both. There
are businesses with both where you have
a bunch of competitors and your
customers are non-technical and you need
all this support and it's hard to sell
to and blah blah blah. That's those are
the businesses I try to avoid. I
wouldn't start one and I try to avoid
investing in them unless they really
have figured this out. I think these
days you're probably going to have one
or the other. That's the that I don't
know of a business that you know I can't
think of a business off top of my head
especially SAS one like doesn't have one
or the other because just the spaces are
are competitive these days.
&gt;&gt; Would you say if a business finds that,
you know, beautiful spot and they have
neither one, could that also equal like
product market fit? I could just tap
into something beautiful and rare. Yeah,
I think when AI came about, there was
not very much competitor pain early on.
Now, customer pain, I don't know applies
really. I guess if you were to build AI
for realtor or something, but yeah, I do
think it's when new paradigms come out,
right? So, it's like when the iPhone
came out and it was suddenly a bunch of

[42:01]
came out and it was suddenly a bunch of
mobile apps, you know, you could poof,
it's a green, what do they call it? A
blue blue ocean. Yeah. you know, and you
had mobile and then you had there was
kind of the crypto web 3 thing was new
for a while and then uh AI I think now
opens that up. You could potentially
find something but
&gt;&gt; like don't expect that. That's what I'm
going to say.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't seek Yeah. It's like seek it
but I don't know of anyone that has
found that. So don't don't feel that
that's going to don't don't not start a
business because you can't find that
perfect thing. That's the thing I often
see right is any criteria that I've
given ever for like hey here's how I
would evaluate business ideas. There's
always someone looking for every one of
them. So I have like the 18 things I
would look for in a SAS business. I want
net negative churn. I want high price
point. I want this and that. I say over
and over, you're not going to get all 18
of these. No, I've never run a business
with like I don't know of a business
that exists for all 18. So the
perfectionist or the need for certainty
is a real it's anti- entrepreneurship.
It's anti- being a good founder. You
just going to get that.
&gt;&gt; It is. It is. So that's what if you're

[43:01]
&gt;&gt; It is. It is. So that's what if you're
listening to this and you're an aspiring
entrepreneur,
&gt;&gt; it's never going to be as clear as you
want it to be. Never. No decision I ever
make is as clear. And I'm used to it
now, but like 20 years ago, I was like,
but where's the but I'm supposed to it's
supposed to be, you know, A plus B
equals C. And it's like, no, it's A plus
B equals a big question mark. And it
will be that forever. The earlier you
figure that out, you know, and I'm
talking to myself 20 years ago, so don't
think I'm, you know, the earlier you
figure that out and become comfortable
with that, like the better off you're
going to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, man. That was beautiful. Rob,
thank you. Where do you want us to find
you?
&gt;&gt; Well, if folks are watching this on
YouTube, I have my very own YouTube
channel, youtube.com/microcom.
&gt;&gt; If you're listening to listening to this
as a podcast, I've been podcasting 52
weeks a year since 2010 on a podcast
called Startups for the Rest of Us.
About to hit episode 800. So, that'd be
the other place folks can keep up with
me.
&gt;&gt; Congratulations. Well, thanks for
coming.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, man.
&gt;&gt; All right. What' you think? Please share
it with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner