[00:00]
my buddy Noah Cake and started AppSumo
and they would sell a few here and there
and then I came in and I was just like,
"Dude, you got to apply this
copyrighting stuff. Let me try writing
one of these and I sent it out and that
was their first $10,000 profit day." And
we're kind of like, "Wait, was that a
fluke? Can we do that again?" And so we
did it again and again. It was not a
fluke. I'm just saying most people do
such a bad job of selling. We sold so
many more when I started understanding
that you can use these for a lot of
different things. Tell me about ADA. I
love ADA.
&gt;&gt; Attention, interest, desire, action.
That's what every single AppSumo email
was based on. We write all these emails
for Fortune 500 companies. That's what
they're all based on. I see the basic
psychological framework of ADA in almost
everything and it's the only copywriting
formula to learn. There's literally
seven stories in the whole world that
everyone just repeats. If you're going
to use chat GPT, use chat GPT projects.
Have you ever wanted to sell anything?
Have you ever wanted to make money?
Well, the pen is mightier than the
sword, as they say. So, what if you
could learn almost everything you would
ever want to know about amazing tactical
sales copywriting in one short episode?

[01:00]
sales copywriting in one short episode?
Well, today is the day for you because I
brought on my new friend Neville and he
is one of the world's foremost experts
on copywriting. What is copywriting?
It's writing to sell something in an
email, on a letter, on a landing page,
anywhere. It works. And he's the best in
the biz. Please enjoy. Now, when it
comes to copywriting, I'm sure you could
talk for hours about this, but what's
the 8020 of good copywriting?
&gt;&gt; So, you you just said you were doing a
uh a My First Million episode with Sam,
so we'll talk about that. I think Sam's
a great copywriter. I think he's really
good, even though he's not considered a
quote unquote copywriter. And one of the
things he loves doing and has always
done very well is on his sales pages,
you know, it'll have like, you know,
about us and this and all the different
sections on a sales page for. So, he's
writing one for Hampton. He's really
good about putting a personal note from
himself. And the way he writes that is
just like he would say it in the moment.
So me and him bounce copyrightiting
ideas off of each other all the time. So
me and him were in Central Park two
weeks ago just chatting on a bench. He

[02:00]
weeks ago just chatting on a bench. He
was just like, "Dude, I want Hampton is
like and he just went on his rant and it
was kind of epic." And I was like,
"Dude, that's note
&gt;&gt; right there. You nailed it. Like write
that down." immediately pulls out his
phone, writes down everything he can as
verbatim as he could. And if you on
their next couple of ads, that will be
the primary thing on the web page. And
so I don't think using fancy language
and everything is very useful anymore.
And just that personal plain English
sounding stuff, honestly, where you're
just talking is probably the best
writing out there. It's it's very very
simple,
&gt;&gt; which is the opposite of what we learned
in high school, right?
&gt;&gt; Very opposite of what we learned in high
school. Fortunately, I do think a lot of
that is going out the window now that
like AI and stuff is there that kids are
like people are like kids aren't
learning how to write an essay. It's
just like why do they need to learn how
to write an essay like that? Well,
what's the point? Like who like in your
real life do you need to learn how to
write essays that well? And so those old
school essays I think are just kind of
falling out the window. But from my
generation I know a lot of people are
like to whom it may concern that kind of

[03:01]
like to whom it may concern that kind of
stuff. Yeah. And they write the that
really really boring text and I think
that's on the way out fortunately. What
are some examples that you can think of
that where good copywriting changed
everything, right? Like it was the
difference between, you know, 100 sales
and 10,000 sales. Do you AB test it that
often or like what kind of anecdotal
stories can you think of?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, some of the biggest AB tests is
when I I come in with an existing email
list so they have some pre-existing
sales, right? The best example was
always this was my first it was when
AppSumo started and my buddy Noah Oaggan
started AppSumo had about 50,000 people
on an email list to get deals for tech
stuff. It was that simple and they would
sell a few here and there and then I
came in and I was just like dude you got
to apply this copyrightiting stuff like
you have these good deals but like you
don't you don't talk about it. You don't
tell people how to use the product. He's
like I mean do people want to know that?
I was like let me try writing one of
these. And I sent it out and that was
their first $10,000 profit day after
that email. Keep in mind they were
making like a thousand dollars in profit

[04:00]
making like a thousand dollars in profit
from each email before. So that was a
10x result. And we're kind of like,
wait, was that a fluke? Can we do that
again and and so we did it again and
again. It was not a fluke. It worked
really well. But here's the thing about
it. Here's the insidious thing. And let
me relate it to this. You go to
restaurants, right? Are are you a big
foodie or no?
&gt;&gt; Oh, huge foodie.
&gt;&gt; Huge.
&gt;&gt; Huge foodie. Okay. So I'm not that big
of a foodie. I'll go to restaurants with
people suggestion. I'm never like, I
want to go to a restaurant guy. So,
whenever we go, do you talk to the chef
and give them feedback?
&gt;&gt; No, I'm an introvert. I just want to
eat. I don't even want to talk to my
server.
&gt;&gt; That's interesting. Okay, so you're a
huge foodie. If you were giving
recommendations to people because you're
a big foodie, a lot of people would come
and they get thousands of dollars of
business. However, you if you don't
really love the food, won't ever tell
them that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, correct.
&gt;&gt; Don't you think that that's a pretty
dangerous thing? So like you who could
be maybe a small food influencer within
your friends do never tell the chef that
the something sucks. You never tell the

[05:01]
the something sucks. You never tell the
the owner that you know the the service
was bad or whatever that the chair was
squeaky or that the sauce was too saucy.
Whatever it is, you never tell them
that. So I think an email list is
exactly the same way. If the email list
is not that great to where you don't
read it all the time, you just get in
this habit of never reading it and
eventually unsubscribing.
&gt;&gt; And the thing is no one ever tells you
that. So no one ever ever said you send
out your chat GBTE newsletters and
everyone's like oh cool newsletter
whatever but they never say anything bad
and I think that's the worst thing that
can happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; For writing really really good copy what
you notice is like over the long run
people will still reply to newsletters
still read it still be influenced by it
versus newsletters that have been going
out for 10 years and it's like no one's
reading it at all. That's a big
difference. And how can you tell? It's
very, very difficult to track that. You
can't.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's so funny you say this because
my wife and I went, we found a nice
Italian restaurant we'd never been to.
4.7 stars on Google out of a thousand

[06:00]
4.7 stars on Google out of a thousand
reviews. You know, we had positive
confirmation bias at the yin-yang. We
sit down, we're expecting something
amazing. Everything was bland.
Everything. And like my framework for
food is like salt throughout all the
processes of cooking it fixes like a
multitude of sins. Just salt. That's it.
That's it. And every single thing we got
was just no salt. No salt. And how many
compliments does that chef get on a
regular basis? Probably tons, right? But
if I would have gone back there and
said, "Listen, dude, I'm not a chef.
You're a chef, but I know good food and
you're missing salt. Like, you just need
to add more salt." That would probably
stand out more to him and maybe even
affectuate change than any of the
compliments he'd ever gotten, right? It
would just kind of be a burr in his side
and he'd think about it because people
give me feedback about my content
sometimes. And whenever I get a piece of
feedback that stands out for better or
worse, like a lot of times it
effectuates change. Even if it's not
like a representative sample size, like
I send a newsletter, a hundred people
are like, "This was a banger." And then
one person's like, "Dude, I can tell on

[07:01]
one person's like, "Dude, I can tell on
this section you you mailed it in with
Chad GBT. I don't appreciate that." I'd
probably think twice about it and not do
that again because of the one guy. You
know,
&gt;&gt; it's really hard to get that type of
feedback. And then if you ask for
feedback from a 100 different people,
they're going to give you all sorts of
different stuff, especially as
subjective something as subjective as
food. So it is difficult. And then with
your newsletter, with your with your
marketing, people never tell you.
They're probably just like, it's fine,
&gt;&gt; but that's it. And I think that's like
the most dangerous place to be, even
though it's that's why it's so
insidious. Like it's so dangerous to
your business because over time just
like quality goes down. That's one of
the ways where like when you see someone
who really slaves over their copy and
putting stuff out like just people read
it for the long term because they can
tell like this is real.
&gt;&gt; Real quick, please subscribe to my
channel. I know it's kind of lame to
ask, but it means a lot. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; You know what's an interesting thing?
I've been going back to with AI. I used
to draw I don't know if you uh way back
in the day copyrighting course was
spelled with K's. I just couldn't
&gt;&gt; I remember that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it was really fun because I
had like the copyrightiting course

[08:00]
had like the copyrightiting course
community and which had an acronym that
people didn't like.
&gt;&gt; I was like, "Look at me. It's a joke,
right?
&gt;&gt; It's a bit."
&gt;&gt; But and the thing is like I just I
thought it I thought it was fun, right?
I thought it was funny. It was stupid. I
like I liked teaching people with like
dumb ways that are just like, "Hello,
welcome to copyrighting course. That's
just boring." In fact, I made I made a
copyrighting course for business where I
like dressed in a suit and re-recorded
the entire thing and and it completely
flopped. Companies were like, "No, we
want the stupid stuff. That's why we're
going to you." Like, you're not a
professional guy. Don't be professional.
In the meantime, I'm trying to teach
people something. I try to be a little
bit funny and a little bit wacky. And
so, therefore, I was using a lot of
stick figures back in the day. That's
just how I drew.
&gt;&gt; It's like But that's what it reminds me
of.
&gt;&gt; Everyone Everyone says that. I And guess
what? I love Weight But Y. It's very
weight butt. Why? If you know what that
is, that's a lot my style as well. Just
like stick figures and stuff like that.
And over time, I started kind of like
cleaning it up because now I had tools

[09:01]
cleaning it up because now I had tools
like Canva. You have Chat GBT that can
make images for you. And I started going
like, let me start using these tools
more and more. The problem is I just
kind of lost some of that spark, some of
that magic. And so I've started going
back to stupid drawings, handdrawn. Get
the iPad out, just draw on it a bunch of
times. And it's kind of funny, you
mentioned Sam before. Guess what we were
doing on our last call together? We were
doodling for Hampton. He made some
doodles. He's like, "How do you make
these doodles like that?" So we doodled
for Hampton. And I showed him my whole
process of that. So actually going back
to like goofy to where it's just like
this is so stupid AI wouldn't have made
it
&gt;&gt; is kind of the move I think right now to
human.
&gt;&gt; Ironically, going back to that stupidity
is better. There was this phase where
like professional was really cool.
You're on YouTube a lot. I'm sure you
noticed these trends with YouTube over
time. It used to be Casey Neistat
vlogging all the time every day. That
totally dropped off and then I think
it's coming back now. All these things
go in cycles. So going back to the old

[10:00]
go in cycles. So going back to the old
school handdrawn handwritten stuff I
think will be a major advantage in the
near future.
&gt;&gt; Is there any chance you still have that
first AppSumo email that you sent out so
we could break it down and what made it
interesting? The first one, for those
unfamiliar with AppSumo, it's kind of
like Groupon for like tech deals, right?
Like lifetime deals. They'll send out
one email to their whole list and
instead of paying 30 bucks a month for
something, you pay like $50 for a
lifetime deal, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is that accurate? Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, so believe it believe it or not,
this is for designers, right? So, the
the deal that they they gave me was kind
of like this one they thought was like a
throwaway deal. Okay. They didn't think
it would make that much because it was a
pack of fonts. Okay. It was a font
subscription service. you sign up and
they would send you like pairings of
fonts. This is for hardcore designers.
Now, what I knew was it's like, okay,
the general public does not need this.
There's zero chance anyone would need
this. However, if you're a hardcore
designer, this would make a lot of sense
to you. So, I started off with like if
the names Lucidia Sands Unicode or
Courier New don't mean anything to you,

[11:01]
Courier New don't mean anything to you,
go ahead and close this message.
Yeah, you're just like even if it
doesn't mean anything to them, people
keep reading because they're curious
like where you're going with this.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And I says, you see my friend
today we're reaching out to the
community people known as font fanatics.
I actually wanted to say font because
there's like that's that's what they
were.
&gt;&gt; We're not doing that.
&gt;&gt; I don't I think Noah was okay with that.
I think uh some other people on the team
were like the word is aggressive to
start with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so it's like if your knees go
weak when I whisper Garamond, you might
be one of them, right? And then I
described like Steve Jobs always talked
about font faces and stuff like that.
And I was a big Steve Jobs fan. And so I
included a quote of his. And then I go
into uh you know Kernist and there's
this guy Kernist who like delivers these
cool font packages that all these
designers used. And so most of this was
about fonts, why they play a role in web

[12:01]
about fonts, why they play a role in web
design and and why typography is so
important. And then at the end we said,
"Oh, by the way, we have a deal on this,
right? So it's $180 a year, but if you
buy right now, it's whatever dollars."
And that that was the whole email. There
was no there's no pictures. There was no
nothing. It was just so jarringly
different at the time, right? So now
this might not be the most
groundbreaking thing on the planet, but
at the time people were like, "Oh my, I
can't I can't like this right here, we
convinced Kernist and I underlined the K
&gt;&gt; and then the K that people were like,
&gt;&gt; "What?" Like I've never seen something
like that.
&gt;&gt; And so those types of things just like
being so outlandish and unique were
quite quite a weapon back then. And so
still to this day, I think the the way
to approach this is like if you write
stuff like this, it just does not look
like AI.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't feel like it. You're just
like, "This this feels something
different."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And if I were to do this again today,
I'd probably have a bunch of handdrawn
pictures in there as well.

[13:00]
pictures in there as well.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I feel like this template could be used
for so many other launches or things or
anything. Like
&gt;&gt; this is basically an ADA template. So
&gt;&gt; I was going to ask you about ADA. You
got ahead of me. Tell me about ADA. I
love ADA.
&gt;&gt; Attent attention, interest, desire,
action. That's what every single AppSumo
email was based on. It's all my sales
emails. We write all these emails for
Fortune 500 companies. That's what
they're all based on. And instead of
coming up with an argument of why
someone should buy something, you have
this framework to go off of. Get their
attention. What's something interesting
about it? interesting facts, interesting
testimonials, interesting use cases,
desire, making them show like if you buy
this, your life will be better because
and then action like telling them how to
buy, right? And so, so that framework is
an easy skeleton you can make for a
sales page, for an email, for any sort
of pitch, for telling your kids to clean
their room, right? So, anytime you have
an argument to make or a sale to make,
instead of just saying like, "Go clean
your room," you can start off with like,

[14:00]
your room," you can start off with like,
"Hey buddy, you want to go to Astro
World today, right?" Like, "Well,
&gt;&gt; let let me tell you that if you clean
your room, it's going to make
&gt;&gt; it's going to make me your mom really,
really, really happy and we're going to
be very happy with you. So, we're going
to take you there. We're going to buy
you ice cream. We're going to do
everything.
&gt;&gt; So, if you clean your room, I mean,
we'll go to Astro. We we're packing up
the car and we're going to go in 10
minutes." but if you don't, you know, we
can't do it. So, this is his desire to
go. And so, it's like, all right, ready?
Like, on the count of three, you're
going to go run in there and clean your
room as fast as you can. Action.
&gt;&gt; That's the call to action. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Lamest example in the world. I'm
just kind of making up that as we go.
But it's it's it's this framework that
when you start to think, have that
framework in your mind, every time
you're trying to ask someone something,
you go, "How can I just aid at this real
quick?" And then you have a much better
framework and a much higher chance of
getting them to do set action. The the I
the interest is the hardest part for me
in your example. Where where was the I?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, everyone gets I and D confused.
Interest and desire. Interest is like

[15:00]
Interest and desire. Interest is like
interesting with interesting use cases,
interesting facts about the product,
interesting ways that people have made
money with the product, interesting
testimonials. The desire is like if you
buy this Roomba vacuum, you'll never
have to vacuum again, right? So it's
like what their life will be like with
that product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's the main difference. A
lot of times the interest section is
bullet points. For example, one of the
first things I did, one of my first
things I applied on House of Rave was
when I started like aing all the the
sales pitches was I was selling these
things called finger lights and I got a
couple of plumbing companies buying a
bunch of them and I thought they were
like fake orders cuz like from Josh's
plumbing company. I'm like the hell are
they doing ordering 500 packs of these?
Turns out they give them to plumbers and
use them to like go under the sink and
and and they put them on their fingers.
I was like,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, because they have a headlamp, but
they can't always see directly with the
headlamp."
&gt;&gt; And I was like, "That's a freaking
bullet point to put in a sales pitch
somewhere that plumbing companies use
these."

[16:00]
these."
&gt;&gt; And then it turns out parents of
autistic children would use them to like
they would like wave them around. It
would calm them down. there'd be all
these little uh use cases and that sold
a ton of them because instead of just
being a light for like 16 year olds to
dance at a rave, this became a thing
that you can like use around the house
all the time, you can use it when you
went camping, you can keep a couple in
your car and they're so cheap that
they're just basically disposable. So
making this a product that you can use
in all aspects of life rather than just
one specific aspect.
&gt;&gt; It reminds me of the phrase invent the
disease, sell the cure. like you're just
teaching them, hey, you have this
disease, you have that disease, you
can't see under the sink, you can't
entertain your autistic kid, and they're
just getting these ideas of why they
need it as you're describing this dis
quote disease they have. And then you
Oh, conveniently, the A at the end of
ADA is you selling them the cure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we sold so many more of these when
I started understanding that you can use
these for a lot of different things.
Another thing I sold, we sold these like
a light up golf balls. We called them
rave balls because they were just like

[17:00]
rave balls because they were just like
indestructible lights that you can sell.
You could literally hit them with a golf
ball 400 yards and they wouldn't break.
I was just like, man, you could use
these for all sorts of stuff. So, I made
pictures of them being used as Halloween
costumes,
&gt;&gt; the number one buyers of them, wedding
planners. They were using them in
centerpieces and stuff like that cuz
they were water resistant. They were all
these things. So, now people went from
buying these just for like, you know,
once again, waving around on a dance
floor to a billion other use cases. and
waving around these things on a dance
floor was like 1% of the people that the
total addressable market. Wedding
planners spending $3,000 on them were
far better customers than a guy buying
one of them. Yeah. So interest is a very
important thing to just put a bunch of
bullet points of how people can use that
product.
&gt;&gt; Bullet points. Okay. What first got you
interested in copywriting and why? What
was it about it that just intrigued you?
&gt;&gt; I had a business called House of Rave
and it wasn't selling very well on
email. In fact, I was losing money
because I was making no sales on email.
And in like I'd go to these like
marketing meetups and everyone's like,
"Your email list is your ATM machine."

[18:01]
"Your email list is your ATM machine."
Like that was a big phrase. And I was
like, "I don't make no money off this
email list." Yeah. So, a buddy of mine
looked at my emails and he's like,
"Dude, these like they look cool.
There's a lot of images and big buy now
buttons, but you got to tell people
about the product." He's like, "You
should check out Gary Halbert." So, I
read the Gary Halbert letters, chapters
1 through 25. I literally printed them
out and I instantly was like like I've
literally been doing this all wrong. And
so that's when I redid my first email
with like the Gary Halbert style and
that's when I made like way more money
and literally overnight House of Rave
turned into like an email marketing
company more so than the e-commerce
company that just depended on SEO.
&gt;&gt; How big was your list?
&gt;&gt; 7,500 previous customers. There's 7,500
people that had previously bought from
me. That was my list. So, I thought that
would everyone was like, "That's a warm
list." However, every time I sent out an
email, it was just a bunch of pictures.
They were very well done. I'd say
they're visually pretty, but no one

[19:00]
they're visually pretty, but no one
would buy anything. I've been using
Beehive for about 2 years, almost as
long as they've been around. And I got
to tell you, watching other creators
stay stuck on basic newsletter platforms
is painful. You're losing thousands of
dollars because you don't know what your
subscribers are worth. And when
potential sponsors ask, "Who reads your
newsletter?" and you say, uh,
entrepreneurs or moms, you lost the
deal. But Beehive has a survey feature
that's brilliant. You can set up a few
questions about demographics and
spending habits that you send them
through right after they subscribe. So
instead of telling sponsors, "Oh, I have
5,000 subscribers," you can say, "I have
3,750
homeowners making over $75,000 a year
who spend $200 plus per month on home
improvement." And that's proof that
their ideal customers are reading your
newsletter. Go extract your email list
from whatever platform you're stuck on
because it's probably costing you
thousands in lost deals. Beehive makes
migration easy. You can move all your
emails in minutes so you can get paid
what you're actually worth. Head to

[20:01]
what you're actually worth. Head to
beehive.com/chris
for 30% off your first 3 months. That's
beehiv.com/chris.
You'll thank me later.
&gt;&gt; So I literally just lose $80 a month for
the email service.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So yeah, when people said you make
money off emails, I was like, that
doesn't seem to be true. And then when I
started writing them this way, then I
made money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have an e-commerce brand that
has like 160,000 on the email list. And
we've AB tested them a ton of different
ways. And we've learned that the the
shorter the subject line, like you can't
reveal anything in the subject line
because you want them to click, you
can't answer the question. And whenever
we have a new product drop, we only link
to it in like a blue ugly hypertext. We
put no pictures in the email. It's the
ugliest looking email you've ever seen
and it just crushes.
&gt;&gt; I would say there's another way to do
that. Uh, do you mind sharing what
product that is?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Let me share my screen. So, it's at
texasnacks.com.
We just resell Buckyy's products, right?
So, we might have a new snack or a new

[21:01]
So, we might have a new snack or a new
t-shirt. So, let's say, you know,
Buckyy's one of their biggest drops
every year is a Halloween t-shirt and
everyone looks forward to it in early
August. So, we'll send an email. It
says, "New Halloween shirt just
dropped." That's it. That's the whole
email with just a hyperlink. And we sell
more and we get more clicks when we do
that than if we put the picture in
there.
&gt;&gt; You know what's interesting? I would say
that there's another formula that you
could possibly use for these. So there's
like all text, which works great. I
think another format that would be
really fun is little text and a lot of
pictures. And it goes headline, picture,
repeat. Right? M.
&gt;&gt; So, what I mean is, check out these Bies
snacks. Sorry, I probably know that's
not the right spelling of Bies. I'm just
going to take these. I'm going to make
this a big old headline. I'm going to
post this picture here. And then I'm
basically just going to copy this over
and over and over. They come in four
flavors, right? Once again, steel image.

[22:02]
flavors, right? Once again, steel image.
Bam. Bam. And then I go copy this again.
My personal fave is Mosquite. And so you
tell a whole story almost in this like
social media scrolling type way.
&gt;&gt; And so you can see you could see how
this is like pretty fun to scroll down.
So it's like check out these Bucky
snacks. Come in four different flavors.
My personal favorite is Mosquite. Blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And
you do that six to 10 times. That's a
pretty fun email and really easy to
make. If you notice, if you take all of
this text and put it together and spit
it out. I mean, what are we talking?
Like, not even one sentence yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Look, it's not it's literally one line
of text, but it feels like a long email.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, these types of emails are pretty
cool. We did like these flash test sales
on a bunch of different e-commerce
things. This one was a best self
journal, and we did like a flash sale,
and it's like, get yourself journal. It

[23:00]
and it's like, get yourself journal. It
comes with a guide every single day.
It'll get you closer towards your goal,
keep momentum going. It basically
explains the product in this like
headline thing, headline pitcher style
that could be a really, really fun email
for you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It reminds me of like your one of
your spammy ClickFunnels like landing
pages, right? That it's like a mile
long, but you just keep scrolling like
why am I still scrolling? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because there's there's not a lot to
read. There's a lot to look at. Now, the
the goal isn't necessarily to get them
to just keep scrolling. It's just to
like how can you tell a fun story and
these types of things are really fun to
do, especially if you're talking about
Buckyy's snacks, which has like a fun
logo and all that kind of stuff. So,
like this is a fun thing to do. And so,
it's like you can buy them here at the
end. You give them a little pitch.
&gt;&gt; But I think this that's a great style
email that has a lot of personality into
it and they're just fun and easy to
read. So yeah, I know I know you're
stuck on like that text one, but I would
say like it'd be fun to try one of
those.
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna do this for sure. Especially

[24:00]
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna do this for sure. Especially
for like a Halloween shirt. It's like,
did you know Bies released a Halloween
shirt every year? Here's 2021. Here's
what 2022s look like. Here's a like what
what you know,
&gt;&gt; you already you already got it. So some
H1s and some pictures. That's the whole
thing and a button at the bottom to buy.
&gt;&gt; It's it's really really simple.
&gt;&gt; Where does ADA not apply if anywhere?
Like if I have a local newsletter that's
just informing people about
&gt;&gt; it doesn't apply to that.
&gt;&gt; It applies to almost everything. It
doesn't apply to something super super
short like a tweet. So sometimes a tweet
is just like a single thought. You don't
need to ADA it right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's generally when you're trying to
make a sales pitch of some sort. So if
you're trying to tell make a make a
novel or something like that, I don't
think it really applies there. ADA is a
copyrightiting thing. And just remember
copyrightiting is when you're trying to
sell something through text, right? So,
whenever you're trying to sell
something, that really helps. Now, once
again, I don't think that you have to
follow ADA necessarily. I'm just saying
most people do such a bad job of selling
things that ADA probably is an upgrade
compared to it.

[25:00]
compared to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm I'm a big fan of like, you know,
Tom Mel Rage Against the Machine, he
makes all these sounds that don't sound
like a guitar. He's just like, I know
you're supposed to just play it like
this, but I want to play it doing all
this stuff. It's like valid. That's
fine. So, similar with text, you want to
be all funky, that's fine. A lot of the
new YouTubers that come out of nowhere,
they're making videos in styles that no
one's ever seen or just like are
completely wacky.
&gt;&gt; So, it doesn't always have to be
followed, but ADA is surely a very, very
helpful framework to get started.
&gt;&gt; What are some other frameworks similar
to ADA that you use?
&gt;&gt; I used to love making these framework
things because people like frameworks. I
will say I use no other frameworks
besides ADA. I have posts with like 40
different frameworks you can use. I
don't use those. I I don't personally
use them. these ADA formulas are a hotly
debated content. It was like, well, what
if it's ADA PS and it has these other
sections? It's like it's just ADA with
like more stuff on it. So, ADA is the
only formula I generally use. I know
that sounds crazy, like a copout, but

[26:01]
that sounds crazy, like a copout, but
that's it.
&gt;&gt; No, that's amazing. Do you see ADA when
you're watching like short form videos?
Like the creator probably doesn't even
know they're using it. People use it by
accident, I'm sure. But, you know,
you'll see a video of someone just
talking in their car, giving like an
opinionated, you know, uh, example of
something that an interaction they had
at the grocery store, and you realize
like, oh, the a the attention, that's
the hook. Oh, the interest. That's kind
of like a rehook. Oh, the desire. You
know what I'm saying? Do you do you see
it in the wild? In other forms
&gt;&gt; all the time. The the desire is a lot of
times those short videos aren't trying
to sell you on something necessarily.
&gt;&gt; So, the the D is often not there and
there's no action. Sometimes
&gt;&gt; they're implicitly selling you on
watching to the end. And if you do, then
the algorithm is like, "Oh, people like
this. Let's make this go viral." Right.
I see the basic framework, the
psychological framework of ADA in in
almost everything. Yes. And a lot of
good stuff you see. It's just like if
you watch movies, you basically see the
same seven plot lines over and over
again. There's a book called Save the
Cat. That's basic like the the standard
screenwriting book that everyone reads.

[27:00]
screenwriting book that everyone reads.
And when you see every single movie,
you're like, "Oh, there's an orphan. He
has a downfall." and then somehow he
climbs himself back up the ladder and
&gt;&gt; the the hero's journey. It's there's
there's like there's literally seven
stories in the whole world that everyone
just repeats
&gt;&gt; and so yes, you see that everywhere.
However, I try not to let that distract
me from, you know, sometimes I want to
watch a video and have a good time.
Yeah. But yeah, everything a lot of
stuff uses ADA and it's probably the
best formula to learn. I'd say the only
copywriting formula to learn. If someone
doesn't already have a newsletter or
already have a business, no email list,
how can they use that first principle of
ADA to be monetized, to start a
business, like maybe something obvious
like being a consultant to small
businesses or maybe something less
obvious? A cold email or a warm email
pitch like trying to sell something
right away. So, writing a newsletter, I
would say ADA is not necessarily quite
as strong for it because newsletters can
be like like Sean Pur just sends like
five tweets he likes. Is that aided? I
don't think so. I think it's just a
collection of cool stuff. However, if he

[28:01]
collection of cool stuff. However, if he
was sending out like, "Hey, join our
thing and we'll hire you a developer for
half the price it costs in the United
States." Using ADA to send out an email
to his list would be very beneficial and
very profitable. So, yes, whenever
you're trying to sell something
directly, I'd say ADA is probably like
the formula you need to use.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Or sending cold emails to someone
whose attention you're trying to get.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For cold emails, I actually I
actually recommend a few uh I recommend
this because cold emails you can send
multiple ones. Like that's the beauty of
email. You don't just get one chance.
You have you have multiple. So I say
short, medium, long. The short one is
just it's like so so literally Aiman the
CEO of AppSumo would reach out and be
like hey we have 700,000
customers who want to buy Chris software
whatever it is.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; In Aiman like that's that's his cold
email right. So, my favorite cold email

[29:01]
email right. So, my favorite cold email
to send is one that is so painfully
short.
&gt;&gt; It's uncomfortably short that it seems
it has to be a human sending it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, and those are hard to write because
you got to get every word right.
&gt;&gt; It's why I say painfully short. And and
actually the funny thing is even with
like a couple misspellings like uh you
don't capitalize something, the weird
thing is it looks like a real human
sentent. So, I don't know if you've ever
looked at like a CMO's inbox, but it's
like just slammed with like pitches and
stuff. How do you stand out? One way is
writing a like a half sentence as a cold
email.
&gt;&gt; So, if you start confounding on this,
you say like we can we get average 10 or
you know a thousand customers
per blast. You get 70% of rev. You get
SEO benefits. we will also work with
you. Whatever. Excuse all u spelling

[30:01]
you. Whatever. Excuse all u spelling
errors just to for time sake.
&gt;&gt; When you send this, this looks a little
bit more like someone planned it out,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, I'd say like the the midsize is
probably the best type of short email.
So, and then uh the long one. The reason
I go for a long short email is because I
want to cover everything
you can to convince them because if they
saw your short one they respond
&gt;&gt; and if beyond that one they don't
respond the chances of them actually
responding after that are very very low.
&gt;&gt; So that's when I say what that when
people say what's the best type of cold
email I say sending out one short one,
one medium one, one long one to
everyone. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In that order.
&gt;&gt; In in that order. Yeah. What about like
email best practices for my newsletter?
I hold that very sacred. I email them
once a week. But for like my e-commerce
business, I don't really care. I spam
them, right? What's your opinion on like
send frequency best practices for any
setting? I have one thing. 70% content,

[31:02]
setting? I have one thing. 70% content,
30% sales. So frequency, it really
depends. If you're a Pad Thai place that
you vis uh you're a Pad Thai restaurant
and people come there and sign up their
email for some reason, spamming them
every day, does that really help or just
annoy people, right? You could you could
argue both sides. All I say is this. If
you are willing to do 70% content and
30% sales, you could email them
unlimited and they never get mad. And so
this was the rule I made with AppSumo
specifically because every single day a
sale goes out. And so people were like,
why do I keep reading these? It's like,
well, because I include 70% content. You
learn something from every email. So, if
they learn something, get something out
of it, laugh, whatever on every single
email, they don't get tired of it. If
you're just like, buy this, buy this,
buy this, buy this with no fun or
entertainment or learning, then people
get pissed off.
&gt;&gt; So, when people say frequency, I'm like,
how often can you keep this up?
&gt;&gt; It's kind of hard to make 70% content
for every single email and then do a

[32:00]
for every single email and then do a
sale. It's easy just to like throw out a
sale, especially with chatbt each time.
So, if you were to do this, you could
send out every single day and people
would be totally fine with it.
&gt;&gt; Are you still writing Appsumo emails?
&gt;&gt; No. I mean, we're well past that. I
don't have anything dayto-day to do with
AppSumo anymore, unless I unless I want
to, but yeah, there's also too many
emails for me to handle. So, that was
the problem. When you start getting to
an email a day, you have to hire like
additional help. And so, I trained all
the writers and stuff. There are certain
tools that just do a thing really well
that everyone knows that you don't
actually don't have to write as much
like uh like Grammarly or something. If
you were to send out most people know
what that is and people are on the fence
about buying it or not and if they get
50% off then they'll just buy it, right?
So there are some deals where you
actually don't have to write a lot. But
if you go to most AppSumo deals,
there'll be a whole thing on how to use
it, who it's for, who it's good for, is
it good for agencies, individuals, what
it does, a video going over it. There's
there's a lot of content on each deal
now. And that that's very tough to make.

[33:01]
now. And that that's very tough to make.
&gt;&gt; Have you ever seen this piece of
copyrightiting here? I'm sure you have.
It's called They Laughed When I Sat Down
at the Piano when I started to play. Can
you can you break this down for us and
like why this is so effective? This is
like a hundred years old, isn't it?
Yeah, it was written in the 20s. I
believe it was like some Claude Hopkins
era. Yeah, exactly. So, I'm not going to
break down the individual thing, but
let's just say in the context of the
time,
&gt;&gt; copywriters had to pay for every eyeball
they see, right? You had to pay for
newspaper ad placements. If you sent
direct mail, you had to pay for the
stamps, writing out the writing up the
addresses, all that kind of stuff. So,
they had to make sure that in that
newsletter, people would actually buy.
And the number one thing was to get
attention with the headline. I would say
that's actually less important now.
Well, about as important, but I'd say
less in some cases. So, they laughed
when I sat down at the piano when I
started to play.
&gt;&gt; Playing the piano in the 1920s was a
very in demand skill. Remember, you

[34:00]
very in demand skill. Remember, you
couldn't just throw on the radio. You
couldn't just throw on YouTube. We
didn't have phones where we could just
play any song. So, if someone wanted to
hear Jingle Bells and Merry Christmas at
the holiday,
&gt;&gt; someone had to play. So, the value of
someone being able to know how to play
was like really high. And that dude was
like kind of a baller, right? You're
just like, "Oh, that guy can sit down
and play anything." That was a cool guy
to have around. Quick question. What if
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
owners and it's basically like having me
and a hundred other business geniuses as
your business partner. Also, there's
going to be exclusive new trends, growth
hacks, business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
So, a lot of people fantasized about
being the piano player guy that you just
sit down, everyone's like, you can play

[35:00]
sit down, everyone's like, you can play
the piano.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Nowadays, you sit down and play the
piano at, you know, someone's party and
they're like, "Shut up. I'm trying to
listen to like Kendrick Lamar." that's
playing in the background.
So, so just keep that in mind with the
context of the time,
&gt;&gt; the context. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Previously also you had to learn
without a teacher. So, buying like a
book on how to learn to play piano was
not as common and now someone made one.
So, they go through that you can teach
yourself how to play Yeah. any of these
instruments. But I I've seen this so
many times. I know I know the ad. Yeah.
You can teach yourself to play any of
these instruments by learning these
these simple rules and stuff like that.
And then they give a a free booklet and
demonstration lesson, right? And then
you have like the action at the bottom
and you send that in. So, I mean, that
was a classic ad. And when something
when you pay $1,000 to run an ad and it
returns $100,000, well, you just keep
paying $1,000 to keep running that ad.
And this was one of those that just like
struck absolute lightning.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so they kept doing it. Yeah. It's a
product fit basically.

[36:00]
product fit basically.
&gt;&gt; Do you know about uh the Gary Halbert
code of arms letter?
&gt;&gt; Oh, is that like the taking your last
name making a crest out of it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Type in type in swipe file code of
arms and I think you'll just you'll just
find it. And so yeah, what he would do
is he'd type in like McDonald as a last
name
&gt;&gt; and be like, "Hey, me and my wife
figured out that like McDonald has a has
has this like cool meaning. We'll send
you a report and a print out of the
thing." It's literally like a report on
the back and the the picture of the code
of arms on like a printer piece of paper
and they would just send that to you in
an envelope for for two bucks and and
what he love it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and just keep in mind this is
the 70s, right? And so it's not like
exact you exactly had access to this
type of thing. And so so what he would
do is look up every last name McDonald
in the phone in the directory and send
them out to them. And they expanded that
across every single thing. It got so big
and this is his side of the story. He
ended up going to jail for mail fraud

[37:00]
ended up going to jail for mail fraud
because he got so many complaints. Now,
I'm I'm saying Gary Halbert's side, so
you know, maybe there's another side to
this,
&gt;&gt; but they never had someone that got
like, you know, a thousand complaints.
So, they're like, clearly this is fraud.
Here's the thing. They sent out 600
million of these over the course of like
two or three years. So, like one for
like like several for every household
almost over the course of years. And so,
so if you look at percentage-wise, a
thousand people out of like, you know,
millions of sales, it was actually a
very, very good complaint rate, but the
US Postal Service was like, "What is
going on over here?" They just never had
&gt;&gt; someone do it at this scale.
&gt;&gt; And so, this one page brought in
millions of That's what made him a
millionaire back in the day.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; It's wild. And it's like Facebook ads.
Like if you have an ad that crushes,
you're going to show it to the same
people over and over and over because it
keeps crushing
&gt;&gt; until it doesn't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Eventually.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You keep you keep going until that
number makes sense. You spend $1,000,

[38:00]
number makes sense. You spend $1,000,
you make a,000 plus one, you keep you
keep doing it until it makes under that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What about length, right? Because
on one hand of the argument, you can
say, "Well, don't make it too long." And
on the other hand, you could say, "Well,
as long as it's good copyrightiting,
people will will keep reading." But if
you know the longer you make it, the
harder it is to make it all good
copywriting and the the greater your
margin for error. Where do you land on
that? Yeah, two things. Two things
there. It would be long winded is bad.
Long is okay. Harry Potter book long.
Good. A sales page as long as a Harry
Potter book, bad, right? That that's too
that's too long-winded. The other thing
is long sales pages were a product from
like a long time ago when browsers were
slow, internet was slow, and you loaded
up one page and that's like the chance
you got. Or back in the day when you
were trying to sell in the back of a
print ad or something like that. The
longer you had the better because you
explain more. But now like for you, you
have social media, you have Twitter, you
have YouTube, you have a podcast, people
listen to you in many multiple different
forms. So I would argue that sales pages

[39:01]
forms. So I would argue that sales pages
are actually getting much shorter
nowadays. They're not as long as they
used to be. I don't know if you remember
like 1015 years ago, it was kind of this
trend to have like a sales page that
would like nearly crash your browser
because it was so god long.
&gt;&gt; Now you can have people browse through
multiple pages. We got AM loading.
Everything's fast now, so it doesn't
matter. And people see you over time.
They see your Instagram stories, they
see your YouTube shorts, etc. They see
you multiple multiple multiple multiple
times. So you can contact someone 80
times before they buy their product.
They're not just looking at a sales page
once and you got to get it right there.
And so we look at tracking for a bunch
of different sales pages. I would say I
have shortened all of my sales pages
because people are not reading those
super super long sales pages as much
anymore. Is this a sentiment you share?
Is that your experience as well?
&gt;&gt; Totally. I I tweeted a couple years ago.
It was a 1700word tweet. There was one
picture, 1700 words. It was a personal
story. It got one and a half million
views and it just broke my frame. I'm
going to share my screen real quick. And

[40:00]
going to share my screen real quick. And
the hook is I just did a word count.
before you pick a business partner, read
this. I know it's messed up, but you're
out and we're doing this anyway. And I
just outlined this story that happened
to me of, you know, getting screwed out
of this business partnership, yada yada
yada. You know, you're not going to read
it right now, but and that's a picture
of the Starbucks where it happened. Why
do you think something like this could
go so viral on on Twitter on a platform
where people are consuming 280
characters at a time?
&gt;&gt; I think it's a good story. It's
relatable, right?
&gt;&gt; Do you think people just want to know
how it ends? So like they read to the
end, therefore Twitter says, "Oh,
there's good retention. Let's push it to
more people."
&gt;&gt; I think that was a particularly good
story at the right time. Like if you put
a 1700word tweet out, just a 1700word
tweet, would it do well? No, I don't. So
I don't think I don't think the length
is actually the main KPI over here. I
think you wrote a really heartfelt
story, right?
&gt;&gt; But how can I how can I do that more and
more without getting screwed out of more
business partnerships? Well, well, have
you have you one of my most popular apps
sumo things was right after I got

[41:01]
sumo things was right after I got
robbed. I got robbed once in my life and
it was like the most violating feeling.
I was just like like I every day I would
go to sleep dreaming of like finding the
guy and like going beating him up with a
bat or something like that, right? Like
I had those like vengeance fantasies.
And I wrote this story about a thing
called Prey, which which is like this
com it sits it's still around. It sits
on your phone like deep inside your
phone kind of like previous uh like find
my iPhone is right now but it really
sits deep in the BIOS of your of your
computer and so no matter what they do
they can't get it off and I was like I
should have had this and I told that
story of how I like fantasized about
beating this guy up. That's how the the
thing started and that ended up being
one of our most popular deals and people
were like this story is like wild that
like rawness of like feeling hurt and I
was like I'm going to translate this
into like this story that really
captured people's attention. So So for
you getting screwed with a business
partnership probably felt a little bit
raw and that's why that did well. Now do

[42:01]
raw and that's why that did well. Now do
I think the length of it had anything to
do with it? I mean I don't know. I think
just writing 1700 words isn't like some
magic number. It's just like that was a
freaking good story. I think that's why
people read.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I just assume that the longer it
it it was on Twitter, the the lower the
likelihood it would be of going viral.
&gt;&gt; I also have another theory. There are
times in algorithm history where a
certain thing accidentally starts
getting shown a lot more. And you may
have just written a really long story
that people didn't want to read and so
they bookmark it.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So that's why a lot of tweet a lot
of tweet threads I'll see a tweet thread
it's like 40 tweets I'm like I don't
want to read it right now but I'll read
it later bookmark bookmarking is the
most powerful signal that they get
besides like reposting or something
bookmarking is a very very powerful
signal or sharing and so that could be
another reason there was also a time in
Twitter history just like a few years
ago where people would screenshot a page
of something and it would have a lot of
text on it and because you couldn't read
it you have to click on it and because

[43:01]
it you have to click on it and because
you clicked on it that's an action.
So there was a time when I'm like I'm
seeing a lot of screenshots all of a
sudden
&gt;&gt; and sure enough they patch it up and
then like you know they understand that
like people literally cannot read this
so they have to click it. That doesn't
mean that they like it. So it could also
be one of those things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like many people didn't actually
read it in the moment. They just
signaled to Twitter that this was high
quality. I'm going to get to it later.
They probably never even got to it
because I don't really check my
bookmarks. other recent LinkedIn fodder
remember like after after the second
line it would cut off and you'd be like
so the reason that I did that was and
you're like oh I gotta click it and so
then every all of those just like shot
to the top for like a year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh well is there any other good
like copyrightiting tips you could leave
us with that you we haven't covered? I
mean surely there's a lifetime. If
you're going to use chat GPT, use chat
GPT projects. And Grock has projects.
They all have it. And that's basically
where you can actually tell it like,
hey, this is my web page. Here's things
I've done. Read my blog. Anytime I write

[44:01]
I've done. Read my blog. Anytime I write
an email, make sure to relate it to one
of these stories. Use real numbers and
results. So for companies when they have
like a writer that's using Chat GBT,
I'll say, "Use the ChatgBT project.
Upload all your images, all your PDF
decks, all that kind of stuff." And
whenever it uses makes your emails, it
now actually uses real numbers and uh
real case studies that you can use. So
at least it makes it the best it can be.
And as the model updates, ChatG 6, 7, 8
come out, it'll just get better and
better with projects versus, you know,
retelling it all these things each time.
So yeah, use chat GBT projects or sign
up for the copyrightiting course. Not
only will I like talk about all these
types of things, but we actually have a
thing like if you have an email, you
paste it into our community and myself
and our writers go and just update it
for you. That is what most people don't
real. They're just like, "Oh, it's just
a course. I watch it." I'm like, "Yeah,
it's like a part of it." But the main
thing is literally post your social
media posts. Some people post YouTube
video scripts and get a whole like
highlevel overview of it from other

[45:01]
highlevel overview of it from other
people. And we don't generally go and do
like grammar and stuff. It's more like
someone's making a sale and they'll be
like, "Hey, what do you think about this
uh flash sale email we're doing for a
B2B company and Chat GBT will just say
like here's how I would rewrite it?" I
would probably say, "Here's how I would
rewrite it." However, let's think about
this. Do most companies that do B2B
stuff buy flash sales? Like your lead
times are three months to turn around a
deal? Are flash sales going to be the
main driver of business here? So, we
talk about like higher level stuff like
that. And I think that's where people
get most of the value from posting in
like our community forum and then we
have like office hours,
&gt;&gt; the interactive part.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that part's really fun. That also
keeps me really sharp. It also keeps me
exposed to a lot of different
industries.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Copyrightiting course.com, right?
&gt;&gt; Yep. With C's. But
&gt;&gt; I'm sure your K is auto autodirect.
&gt;&gt; The K is on autodirect. I might move it
back because I'm like uh I'm having more
fun just like going back to the old
school style of just like
&gt;&gt; just with AI coming in. I'm just like

[46:00]
&gt;&gt; just with AI coming in. I'm just like
I'm going full silly at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it.
&gt;&gt; All right, what' you think?