[00:00]
This is a service you could offer for a monthly
fee just using Lindy on the back end. It's so easy
to create AI agents. It's almost addictive. It's
literally just you type words and just does it
for you. You can have the entire flow completely
end to end managed by AI agents. There's a dozen
Silicon Valley companies right now raising tens
of millions that are basically just that agent.
People underestimate how early it is. The
capabilities that we're talking about today
are literally 30 days old. There is an immense
opportunity for these AI agencies. The people
that I've spoken to that want to start an AI
automation business, they're getting tripped up
cuz they're not technical. I'm not technical, but
I feel like this removes that friction. There is
no excuse anymore not to use AI agents. The sooner
you act, the more you'll be ahead of your peers.
I've said it before and I will say it again that
one of the biggest opportunities I see right now
is that of starting an AI automation agency where
you insert yourself into small to medium-sized
businesses and use very cheap very easy to use
tools to automate certain processes that these
businesses use and you charge between $500 and
$5,000 a month or you charge $300 to $5,000 one

[01:02]
time and $2 to $700 a month ongoing. So 1 month
ago, Lindy, which is an AI automation platform,
came out with an update that enables anyone
to create AI agents with one prompt. And this
is game-changing technology. There is a massive
opportunity to be the expert in the room for these
business owners that know they need to be using
AI but have no idea where to start. So without
further ado, please enjoy. We just released Lindy
3.0. That's like the biggest update in our history
as a company. And the three big updates are one
like you can now collaborate with your team on
Lindy like invite your team members and share your
agents and so forth. But most importantly the two
really big things that we're really excited about
the agent builder. So like now you can create an
agent from just a prompt. You literally just like
type words on your keyboard and you're like this
is what I want to automate. I want to automate
my customer support, my content generation for
marketing, my like lead qualification and whatnot.
and just literally from just a prompt like creates

[02:02]
the agent for you. And computer use which is
the idea that your agents can now use their
own computer in the cloud like they have like a
if you will like a virtual mouse and a virtual
keyboards that they can use. So that means that
agents are no longer limited by the MCPS or like
the integrations that they have access to. like
as long as this is a tool that is accessible
from a web browser that is something that your
agent is going to be able to use even if it's
like an internal tool of yours right so we have an
entire teams right now using Lindy for example to
automate their customer support and have internal
tools to like issue a refund and until now these
guys were blocked they were like ah like we really
want to use AI agents but like we don't have an
API for like these internal tools and we don't
have the bandwidth to build them and now they're
actually deploying these AI agents really quickly
because these AI agents can just log in and use
their internal tools uses just using using just
like a mice and keyboard. Those are the two very
very big things that have changed. Okay, that's
incredible. So basically with a vibe coding tool

[03:03]
with one prompt you can create a web app or a
website. Cool. With this with one prompt you
can create an agent that will respond to all of
your customer service inquiries. Now it can't be
too broad, right? It needs to learn and know how
to respond to certain inquiries. But if my prompt
were to say, "Every time I get an email to support
chrisismail.com" that says, "I want a refund,
please them a refund." Right? Would that be
a a use case? Like, please go into Stripe,
issue them a refund. That's exactly right. Yeah.
So, this is an example. I use Lindy to manage my
personal CRM. So, it's more like a a work like
SLpersonal example. Like, I meet people every day
and like I I want to keep track of them. And so I
want to be able to go on Lindy and be like, "Hey,
I wanna I met this guy, you know, he's an investor
for example, and then I want to be able to go back
to Lindy at any point and I want to be able to
ask like who are the investors that I know?" So
I I just sent it a prompt like, "Help me manage
my personal serum." And then it clarifies the

[04:03]
plan that it came up with and it's like, "Okay,
so like if you're asking me to add a contact, I'm
going to add a row to Google Sheets. And if you
ask me to retrieve a contact, I'm going to get the
data from the Google Sheets and I'm going to give
you the response like is this what you want me to
do? So it clarifies, it asks you this ambiguity
questions and then I say yes and it creates the
agent and in a matter of seconds I have this agent
here on the right. If I want to add a contact,
this is this. And if I want to retrieve contacts,
this is that. It's actually funny. Right before
this, I was on another podcast with Eric Hugh.
I don't know if you know him. And he was like,
"Oh, like hit me up next time you're in LA." I'm
based in San Francisco. He's based in LA. And I
just went to my Lindy and I was like, "Hey, at
Eric's you AI influencer. Hit up when he's in
LA." So there is another prompt that I sent to
this Lindy after this video where I was like,
"Hey, also detect when I'm flying somewhere by
intercepting the flight confirmation emails from
my inbox and when I fly somewhere, tell me who I
I need to meet up there." So you see here it set

[05:03]
up this workflow that's like okay if you receive
an email that's oh let me right here if you if
you receive an email that's about a flight then
I'm going to get your spreadsheet I'm going to
send you an email with who you should meet there.
Oh man. So you use Google Sheets as your personal
CRM. Well I think that's the beauty of AI agents
is like yeah now you just I just need like a dump
data source and all of the intelligence on top of
that and all of the interface on top of that is
just agents. Yeah. No, I I'm asking because I love
that because I use everything in Google Sheets
and I try to eliminate all these other random
softwares. But how could we create that with a
prompt like specifically the agent to anytime you
see a flight log it and then anytime I ask you,
you know, who's in this area, you'll automatically
know so I can know who to visit. How could we
create that one? It's literally just a prompt.
Like when you log into Lindy, there is this text
box here. You can either like type your prompt
in here or you can like press the mic button to
dictate it. We actually recommend dictating it
because you can give a lot more details when you

[06:03]
dictate. And you would be surprised like you can
ramble, you can say anything you want. And agents
are actually really good of at making sense of
of what you said. And so you just do that. You
prompt it and then like a minute or two later you
get you get an agent. Before Lindy 3.0, know if I
wanted to do the same thing I kind of had to know
these tools and I kind of had to know how to drag
and drop and tie it together and get the API
key and now you don't have to you just removed
all the friction. That's exactly right. There is
no excuse anymore not to use AI agents like yeah
you know we've really gone through that journey
of like at first you had to be an engineer like
if you're an engineer like it's a great tool to
use then we built this no code platform and so you
don't have to be an engineer anymore but you still
have to learn the tool and ain't nobody got time
for that right like you just you just want to you
just want to do your job and so now it's literally
just you type words and just does it for you and
if it and if you want to iterate on it you send it
another prompt and you're like ah like this is not
exactly how I want it and it's just going to get

[07:01]
to do it better. Yeah. How much time do you spend
looking at what people are doing with Lindy 3.0,
seeing how they're using it? Is that a big part
of your day or does your team manage that? Well, I
mean, I I talk to users all the time and I look at
data as well. So, I think it's important to have
that like forest view and that like tree view. We
also look at like the breakdown of like the kind
of tasks that people ask, but yeah, I mean I keep
my ear very close to the to the ground for sure.
What kind of patterns are you seeing? And
is anything surprising you? Last night I was
looking at a Lindy that a customer sent me and
he was like, "Hey, like he was actually proud
of it." He he sent it in our Lindy community.
I recommend everyone checks it out. We have
like a really vibrant Slack community with like
thousands of members. And he DM'd me. He's like,
"Ah, check out this Lindy. I'm really proud of
it." And I was like, "Okay." I looked into it
and I wish I could show my screen. I don't want
to like violate this person's privacy. This is by
far the most insane Lindy I have ever seen. It's
like 400 nodes like like those we call nodes like

[08:01]
400 nodes like you just keep like wow. Yeah. you
just keep and keep and keep going. And the guy
just like locked in and he built 80% of it using
the uh prompt to agent that I mentioned and 20% of
it by like tweaking it across like manually. and
he basically built it's sort of like an SDR like
it's a Lindy that like fully autonomously not only
like finds leads online and reaches them qualifies
them like decides who to actually engage with
researches them sends them a personalized email
and then engages in an insane back and forth with
them. Like if people say they're not interested,
it asks them why. It it handles objections.
It learns from the objections. It AB tests
the the emails and the subject lines.
It's like, oh my. Like, and then like,
yeah. And now I can just run it and it's like,
it's like a sales for me. Believe it or not,
67% of the people that watch my YouTube videos
don't subscribe to me and over 90% think that
they're subscribed to me. So, do me a quick favor
and check that you're subscribed to me. If you're

[09:00]
not, please do. It would mean a lot. I have
been surprised at how people like get sucked
in and like they get into it. Once you make it so
easy to create AI agents, it's almost addictive.
Like there are there's a dozen Silicon Valley
companies right now raising tens of millions
that are basically just that agent AISDR. Yeah.
Like that's all the rage right now. And for those
listening, sales development agent, like just AI
sales through email in this case, right? Yeah.
Like there are a lot of startups that do AISDRs
and like you know, we have this meme internally.
It's like hashtag should be a Lindy. So we see a
lot of startups and we're like should be a Lindy.
That's exactly what I'm talking about. Yeah. No,
exactly. It's kind of like there is an app for
that. is like should be a Lindy. I think like the
advantage of of using a platform like Lindy and we
hear that all day from our customers is like you
have a single pane of glass where you can manage
all of your agents and then also like a single
place where your agents can collaborate. I think
you really unlock the magic once you have your
agents work together which you can do then you can
almost like modularize your agents. You can create
agents that are specialized in certain tasks and

[10:03]
you can get them to like talk to each other and
and collaborate with each other. And in the end,
it's going to be more powerful. It's going to be
cheaper and it's going to be easier to manage for
you to have like one single platform where you
can do all of that and have like 20 different
login and platforms that you have to learn and
and subscriptions to manage for each of your use
cases. I'm thinking of like what this use case
could be for the AI SDR specifically if you are
an employee or a business owner. Let's say you're
an employee that just sells Salesforce software,
right? And I go permissionlessly as just an
enterprising entrepreneur on behalf of you,
an employee selling Salesforce, making good money
presumably, and I go find a bunch of potential
clients, I go create an AI sales development a
agent in Lindy, and I go start emailing, just
cold emailing, not just cold emailing, but having
these automated conversations back and forth with
people, right? And then a small percentage of
them come down the funnel and they're like,

[11:01]
"Let's hop on a call." Okay? So, you get it
all the way to that point. And then you reach
out to the Salesforce rep and say, "Hey, I have a
really hot lead for you. It's this guy that works
in this company, yada yada yada. I'm guessing
it's going to be worth 4,000 MR to your company,
which is worth X, Y, or Z, you know, commissions
to you. How much would you pay me for this
lead?" You're not just like selling a dream. You
already have it, right? And now he's interested.
Now you have his attention and your chance of
getting a reply to that cold email verse, hey,
I help Salesforce reps get more leads. Can we hop
on a call? Like your chance of getting a reply to
that is like half a percent. Your chance of
getting a reply to, you know, here's a lead.
Here's the whole conversation. Here's his name,
phone, email. Take it, steal it. It's all yours.
What's your chance of getting a reply to that
conversation? 100%. We have a recruiting firm
that we're working with that's leveraging agents
for a use case actually very similar to the one
you just laid out. Like what they do is that
they they do send these outreach to people,

[12:00]
but what they do is that they look at the list
of job descriptions that the company has on its
career page. And so they're like, "Oh, you're
looking for like software engineers who know
React and TypeScript and yada yada yada and like
have minimum x years of experience and or based in
San Francisco, California." So they collect all of
these requirements, but they have the to clarify,
this is an AI agent that like they've set up.
So they've set up this AI agent that does that.
Like it collects a bunch of like companies that
are hiring. It looks at their open positions.
collects the requirements and then it goes
on LinkedIn and finds people that satisfy
these requirements and then it sends in the
email a list. It's like hey we saw you were
hiring including software engineers. This is an
example of like three leads that we found and
we have their email address. We can reach out to
them. Three leads that we found that satisfy your
requirements. We've got a thousand more like
those. if you if you say yes, like I can send
the contract and we can be we can be reaching
out to them like today, like in an hour and
they're ripping it. Like these guys are just like
crushing it. They're getting so much response from

[13:03]
this email because to your point, it's like it's
it's so much more engaging and you're bringing
so much more value to the table through this
email than through just like a generic like,
hey, do you want to work with us for recruiting
email? Yeah. Because sales like this brings sales
from here's what I can do for you to here's what I
just did for you. Will you customer? I love that.
Exactly. Yeah. Oh man, we might have talked about
like a a version of this idea on our last episode,
but just imagine if I had a Facebook ads agency,
right? I charge $2,500 a month to any company in
the world to manage their Facebook ads, right?
You could with one prompt, right? Might need
follow-up prompts, but you can get the, you know,
the skeleton for this in one prompt. say, "Hey, I
want you to go to the meta ads library and I want
you to cross reference with LinkedIn and I want
you to find me email addresses for decision makers
at any company that has an active ad in the US on
meta ads library and then I want you to send them
an email, a customized email that says, "What are

[14:03]
you doing? You only have four creatives on your
meta ads right now." Did you know that, you know,
companies that have 40 creatives or more have a
30% drop in return on ad spend or or increase on
return on ad spend? I can do that for you. Like,
and full transparency, I use AI for my creatives.
So, that's not a bad thing. That means you can get
10x the creatives for 30% less cost. When can we
chat? Oh, you could go further than that. Like,
you could have the AI agent like search. I mean,
this is great. I love that, right? I'm just like
raing here. Like you can you can have the AI agent
also research the competitors of this company.
Research the Facebook ads that these competitors
have running and tell the person and I love the
framing that you just put together. It's like it's
no longer like here's what I can do for you. It's
like here's what I did for you. It's like hey I
researched your competitors. They're crushing it.
These are the five best best performing ads. Then
you add the screenshot in the email. By the way,
I've already created these ads for you. This is

[15:01]
the creative that they've created. is like using
the same idea, the same concept for the ads, but
with your brand and your company and your product.
If you just say yes, I'm going to spin them up on
your on your account, right? So yes, because AI
agents have lowered the bar so much and because
they can make it so easy for you to do this
work at a high volume before you've signed the
customer, you can deliver the value before you've
signed up. Oh man, I just like I'm no offense, I'm
having a hard time even listening to you because
my mind is just buzzing with other prompt ideas,
right? like like, "Hey, Lindy, go to Instagram and
find me a US-based influencer with at least 50,000
subscribers that doesn't use like a link tree or
anything." Right? And then send them this message.
Hey, I noticed you don't use a link tree. Oh, then
you go to Lindy in a different window and say,
"Hey, build me a linkree competitor with your
vibe coding tool." Right? Then it's like, "Okay,
hey, FYI, I have a free linkree competitor. Don't
pay Linkree 20 bucks a month. Use mine. You have
50,000 subscribers. you should be selling t-shirts
or newsletters or something in there. Use this,

[16:03]
right? Go. And it just it starts sending Well,
I literally have open right now, let me share
my screen with you, a Lindy that I created to do
basically exactly what you just said. So, it's
like, hey, like this Lindy is like, "Hey there,
I'm ready to build you like a laser targeted
list of influencers. Like, what are you looking
for?" And I said, like, I want 20 influencers on
YouTube with 20,000 to 40,000 subscribers in the
productivity and AI space. And you can see like I
made a typo here. I said AI space here. But AI
agents are awesome. Like they don't care about
typos. And it's going online. It's using a bunch
of tools. It's doing a ton of publicity queries.
It's doing a lot of research. It's like looping
through all the people it found. If you look here,
just going to open a new tab. This is how the
flow is set up in the background. I didn't
have to set this up. This was set up from just a
prompt. And you can see here for each influencer
that it found, it's going to scrape their YouTube
to like find like the videos that they that they
have. and to understand the influencer better.
And it's going to look for their email address.

[17:01]
It's going to do all of that stuff. And then it's
like, oh, hey, I found these people for you. So,
this is the focus, self-development, wellness,
productivity. This is their email. This is the
partnership contact. Look, this guy already has
like strong brand partnerships with Opus and
Hen. Oh my gosh. No. 100%. Like, what the use? You
didn't ask it to do that? Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah.
You asked it to go a step further and find the
brand partnerships that they have. Yeah, in the
original prompt when we set up the thing. Well,
I I don't know if we set up exactly this way. I
think we just said like, "Hey, find us details
about this person and like you can see it's got
like a bunch of scrapers like, "All right, I'm
going to scrape their Tik Toks, their LinkedIn,
their YouTube, their Instagram, their Twitter."
And and when he does that, it all defines all
of this information by default. Man, RIP to our
inbox. Like cold emails. They're just getting out
of control. Then you really go one step further
and you you set up a lady to help you manage your
inbox. And so we've already had actually because
that's it's funny actually we have that a lot. We

[18:00]
have like brands in particular e-commerce and
like CPG brands like consumer packaged goods
brands that are using Lindy for this for like
influencer outreach to like promote their brand.
Then we also have influencers and I I wish I
could say who but some some extremely large and
famous YouTubers are using us because these guys
you know and I'm sure you know you know you're
harassed by offers for sponsorships in your inbox
every day. And so these guys, they have agencies
that they actually pay a lot of money. And all of
these agencies do all day is they intercept these
emails basically and then they they they archive
like there's a lot of randos and like unserious
people in there and then they engage with serious
people and serious brands that actually have money
and they negotiate a deal. They're like, "Hey, you
know, Bob can work with you. Just a heads up, like
every video is $100,000 or whatever." Not just
one but multiple really really big and famous like
YouTube influencers right now using us in this
context. The funny thing is that we have actually

[19:00]
already had instances of these two lindies talking
to each other. So like a brand reach out to this
influencer using Lindy and this influencer Lindy
engaging with that Lindy to negotiate the deal.
How do you know that's happening? Because we were
wondering like this influencer like do you think
they're going to be in touch? And so we set a
reminder to check a month later and we looked
into our database and and sure enough like the two
lindies got in touch with each other. It's funny
I'm laughing because I I have a Lindy for that
exact same use case because I get these spammy
emails. Let me sponsor your channel and I just
respond to them with like a number that's way
way too high because usually I just delete
them. I archive them. So it's just like I'm
get either I ignore it or I'll just give them a
stupid number and see what they say. Yeah. Yeah,
you know, a suggestion then you could go again
one step further and like as you offer a number,
you could also re research the brand first, right?
And so you can you can reply with a number but
with a way that's like just like a tiny bit more
tailored. You could be like, "Hey, by the way, our
audience is quite aligned with like your who you
seem to be selling to." Yeah. Yeah. Do you offer

[20:03]
like a white labeling service? We don't. No. Like
all brand is all brand is Yeah. Well, it depends.
What do you mean by white labeling service? I'm
just picturing like Chris'sroofingautomations.com,
right? And I start a business that's basically
just Lindy Whitelabeled and I go into roofing
companies and say, "I can automate any of
your processes and save you $30,000 a month,
yada yada yada." Is that like a a growth
opportunity for you guys? 100%. So like we
don't offer like white labeling per se, but like
we do one like we do let you deploy a chatbot on
your website that's like, hey, like it's like an
AI chatbot. So like that's one thing but also what
you just described like AI agencies and I think
we we talked about that the last time you and I
you and I talked like AI agencies are huge right
now and like look you know like we do have this
new prompt to agent product but it's still not
as good as a human like you're still going to
need consultants for to like really understand how
you can deploy this in your business and like it
still takes time to build these agents like even
if you no longer needs the expertise to do it you

[21:04]
still it still takes time. I do think there is an
immense opportunity for these AI agencies and we
have a couple of AI agencies that we're working
with that are like extraordinarily successful
and and growing super fast right now. Okay, so
you're starting a business, but your logo looks
like it was made in Microsoft Paint. You're not
a designer and hiring one costs a fortune. Well,
at least for a good one. This is exactly why
design.com exists. It's an AI powered logo maker
that creates thousands of professional logos
in seconds just from your business name alone.
Starting a pickle ball club, trade school, white
labelled SAS, it doesn't matter. It can handle
anything. This is the world's largest logo
library here with handcrafted designs that
are exclusive to Design.com and it has 4.8
stars on Trustpilot. Solid. What's really
cool is once you've got your logo, Design.com
will automatically create you business cards,
social media posts, even websites using your exact
colors and branding. Basically, you've now got a
whole design team in your back pocket and a really
good one at that. Right now, you can get up to 88%

[22:04]
off your first logo. That's not a typo. 88% off if
you use my link, but only for your first one. So,
don't sleep on this. Head to design.com/krisker
because your business deserves a real logo,
not some clip art. We talked about that in June.
Is there any update there like how people are
using Lindy to make money and like what does their
pricing look like? How are they finding customers,
etc.? So I think that's the beauty of these
agencies is like each of them is an expert
in their own vertical and each of them has
their own existing network. So like some of
them sell like uh sales services like AISDR
services if you will. Some of them sell to
like healthcare companies like we have one that
like interestingly enough sells to like dentists
and they were just really specialized in like
hey I know how to automate your back office as
a dentist. Apparently dentists like they're still
running like extremely antiquated software and you
can automate so much of that using AI agents. So
you know what I recommend to people is like the

[23:00]
value that you are delivering as an AI agency
is that you are bridging your expertise in the
technical product like Lindy like you know how
to set up and monitor these AI agents and your
expertise in any given business or any given
area. And you know I think people consistently
underestimate the value of their expertise in
the latter. They sort of take it for granted.
They're like everyone knows about that. It's like
no man like actually like in a really interesting
niche right now. And don't underestimate how
few people live in the intersection of these
two things. Like many people know about AI agents.
Many people some people at least know about like
AI like dentists and like the software issues
and back office issues that they're having. Few
people live in the intersection of those two. And
when you do like you can you can deliver a lot of
very differentiated value. Yeah. Well, a lot of
times people like like you and I or people that
are playing around with these AI tools are just
hanging out on Twitter and on indie hackers and
talking to they're in an echo chamber in a bubble
and so that's why they write off their skills. But
if they go out in the real world just go to church
or a friend's house and talk to people about this,

[24:03]
they don't know anything about this. They don't
even know what an AI agent is. Like I go hunting
every November with some buddies from my NBA
program and they're all about my age. They're
not really on Twitter, but they're working
professionals, white collar guys making good
money. And I talk I'll talk to them about crypto
or AI or whatever and they're like it's way over
their head. Like you'd think they're 86 years old
living in, you know, Topeka, Kansas. No offense
to anyone in Topeka, Kansas, but they just don't
know. Twitter is a bubble. Like tech is a bubble.
I think people underestimate how early
it is. It is just so so so early. Well,
0.1% of the way there. Is N8 as valuable today
as it was a couple months ago before this
update? I'll leave it to the watchers to decide.
I think if you are like a really technical person,
like an engineer basically is who Kdos to. And
I'm I'm not like throwing [ __ ] at them like
this is where they have their roots and I think
this is awesome like it's like they're like an
open source product and all of that stuff. But I
think if you are either like not an engineer like

[25:05]
you're not that technical and or you are and we
have a lot of people in our in our customer base
who are like I can use other tech more technical
products but I just don't want to I just want to
solve a problem you know I think you are in need
for a less technical easier to use solution and
and that's what we focus on. Yeah, I'm not about
to say that NAN is going to be hurting or going
out of business. Like they're on a title wave,
right? AI is a title wave and there's a lot of
room for everyone, but I look at it as like Zapier
and Make, right? Zapier is user friendly. Make is
not. Make is cheap. Zapier is expensive. It's more
for technical people and Zapier is not. I look at
it like that. I know a guy that his whole like his
whole business is using NAND and like hundreds of
customized complex NAND templates to help people
start AI automation agencies and you know so he'll
train someone to go into a plumbing company and
use NADN templates to you know be like a virtual

[26:02]
receptionist virtual I just don't see and maybe
I don't understand NADN well enough. I don't see
why Nadn would be necessary for something like
that when you can just you could just prompt it
in Lindy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And not only that, you
know, not only can you just prompt it with Lindy,
like once you've prompted it, the flow editor that
we show you is still like 100x easier to use than
NA10. Like if you want to set up an AI agent
with NA10, you have to also set it up like a
memory. You have to tell it what day it is, right?
And like the memory options that you are given
include like cute rent vectors tool which again
speaks to like how much of a technical solution
that is right whereas with Lindy it's literally
just like you click the AI agent button and you
enter your prompt and that's it. If I were to help
a plumbing business or a small business you know
100,000 to 10 million in revenue automate some
of their processes right clucking in clocking
out software stuff HR stuff email answering the
phones. Is there anything that you can think of

[27:05]
that Naden like you have to use something like
Naden for that Lindy 3.0 would not work for? No,
we've never run into a case where we were like ah
you can't do this you should probably use another
solution like from look at the end of the day
this is like a a nerdy term that engineers use
like and I said that as an engineer myself like
all of these platforms are touring complete right
and touring completeness is basically this concept
of like it's a universal computer it's a universal
platform that can do anything that any other
computer and touring complete universal platform
can do all of these platforms are touring complete
including us including including everything else
like no you You can definitely do do the same
things. I think it's just way easier to do it with
Lindy. Okay, forget the plumbing example. Is there
anything that Lindy 3.0 can't do that you really
need NAN for? Like anything complex? Something
that's just too technical for Lindy. I can't
think of a single thing. No. Again, it's it's
really more about let me think. They have certain

[28:02]
features like MCP, right, that like we don't
support yet. So like and you would need you need
to like hack your way around. like you can set up
MCPS in Lindy but like it's not as friendly and so
it's not like you can't do it. It's like there are
certain things that very technical users want that
are easier to you to do in in other solutions and
explain to to the listeners and as simply as you
can what an MCP is. An MCP is the equivalent of
a USB port for AI agents. It's just a universal
connector. It's it's a protocol to connect AI
agents with tools. And your tools being like
your Gmail like an API but for AI. Sure. And it
it allows you to have like an LLM on like locally,
right, on your own device or server. I wouldn't
say that like it's USB port. Like yes, if you want
you can use it for your own LLM like but like you
can also have your own LLM on your own server and
not have MCP. That's a game changer because the
people that I've spoken to that want to start an
AI automation business, they're getting tripped
up by NM because they're not technical. I'm not

[29:01]
technical. That's not a drag on them, right?
They're just not technical. And so it's like how
can I teach a plumber how to do this when I can't
do this? Yeah, but I feel like this removes that
friction. No, 100%. Yeah. And I I think that again
that's the whole thesis behind the company, right?
It's like AI agents are awesome and you shouldn't
have to be an engineer to leverage them. Business
users should be able to build AI agents because
they have the business knowledge and that's where
the value lies, right? And so if you have that
layer of indirection between the guy who has the
business knowledge on the one hand and the guy who
has the technical knowledge on the other hand now
it's like the the iteration loop is so much longer
because every time you want to make a change you
got to go through the engineer and it's going to
take a day to answer to your email and it's going
to take a day to make the change and three days
later you're going to have your change and it's
not exactly what you wanted and so if you want to
make five changes it's going to take you a month.
Whereas if you as the person who has the business
context can make these changes yourself just by
prompting then you can have that iteration looping
and you can have your solution in that afternoon.

[30:00]
Oh man, I'm just thinking of websites, you know,
like how long were websites in like the old age,
like in the 90s and 2000s where you had to code,
you had to know HTML to build a website. And then,
you know, tools like Squarespace and Wix came
out and it made it easier, but there's still a
lot of people making a lot of money building,
you know, websites for others on Squarespace,
Wix, WordPress, Card, whatever. And then now we're
to this iteration of websites today where you just
prompt it. You just prompt it in a vibe coding
tool or in Lindy and you get a website. I feel
like we're in like that second stage of AI agents
uh today that websites were in like 10 years ago.
That's the perfect analogy. Like imagine if like
every time and a lot of people are still stuck in
this world today. Like every time you want to
make any change to your website, you've got to
go through an engineer versus using Squarespace,
Premier, Web Flow, whatever. Or you could just
go and change the the thing yourself. So that
that's exactly the same idea. Yeah. Well, is there
anything about Lindy or anything cool that you're
seeing that I should have asked you but didn't?
Let's talk about computer use real quick because
we talked about the agent builder which I do think

[31:03]
is like the most exciting update. I am also really
passionate about computer use because again Oh,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Until computer use, you were
limited by the number of integrations that you
supported. And that's why Anthropic came up
with MCP because they're like, we want to make
it easier for people to build these integrations
and plug them into AI agents. But at the end of
the day, you're still going to need an engineer at
HubSpot or Salesforce or whatever to sit down and
build an MCB. Instead, like with computer use, you
can have your AI agent use a computer and and do
anything that you can do on a computer because a
lot of solutions, they don't want you to use them
through an API. They're never going to build an
integration, let alone an MCP integration, because
they don't want agents to use them. So, I'll give
you this example of um I have a lot of spammers on
Twitter in my mentions. It's really annoying. So,
I've set up this agent with just a prompt and I
was like, "Hey, I want you every day to look at my
mentions on Twitter and block the spammers." You
can see every day it wakes up. It starts its
computer. And then you can see on the right,

[32:04]
this is its computer. This is what it sees and
this is what it does. So, you can see here it's
like it's found this. I don't know why like these
people always tell me it's like this gentleman is
awesome. Fire emoji like subscribe. So annoying.
And so stupid. And so she just goes and blocks
blocks blocks blocks. It's awesome. And so Wow.
And again, it was just a prompt like Twitter is
not going to give you actually famously when
Elon bought Twitter like they shut down. Yeah.
Yeah. So we don't need an API anymore, you know?
We're just we're just clicking around and same
on LinkedIn. I think I have another example here
of you know this like comment magnets on LinkedIn
that are really effective by the way as a as
a lead generation mechanism. So, for example,
five days ago, we posted this tweet, this comment
on this post on on LinkedIn, and it's like,
I built this AI agent, you know, this is what it
does. It's awesome. Like, comment agent, and I'll
DM you the details. Uhhuh. Check this out. 3300
comments responding agent. So, when we had that,

[33:02]
we're like, "Oh, this is a pain. We need to answer
like 3,300 people." Yeah. On LinkedIn. And like,
you know, because every time we need like
agent, hi, just sent you a DM, agent. you know,
and in some cases we can send DMs and in some
cases people have their DMs locked down on on
Twitter on on LinkedIn. And so what we've done is
that we've built CCI agent here and what it did is
like okay I found someone who commented. So step
one I'm going to open the profile and I'm going
to try to message the person. So you see like it
tries to click message and then LinkedIn tells you
ah sorry like this is actually sort of messed up
because if you lock down your messages on LinkedIn
LinkedIn still lets people message you but only
if they pay you know it's it's kind of crazy and
so you can see like here Lindy is like ah snap I
can't I can't message them. So, I'm going to go
back to the comment and I'm going to reply in the
comment. And you can see here she's going in the
comment and she's sending this uh message here,
this comment that's like, "Hi, would love to send
you the template. Please DM me." And this is just
running on autopilot. And this is like, look, this

[34:01]
is like 3,300 comments. So, even if it only takes
one minute to do per comments, which I think it
takes more than that, that is 55 hours right here
saved just not having to go and respond to those
manually. So, I'm I'm paying like $350 a month for
ManyHat, which just does this. It's $350 a month,
and I use it on Instagram where it's like, if you
want the business plan, comment plan. It's a lot
of money. I didn't realize I could replace that
with this. Like, I'm just now learning this. And
then, like, there's a lot of things that I want
to be doing, but I need to hire real people for
it. For instance, I get thousands of comments per
day on Instagram and Facebook, and many of them
are are critical in bad faith, right? I look at
like negative comments as like good faith like hey
is that even realistic to make this much money
that's a good faith comment or bad faith like
you're an idiot I hate you need to die right and
like I I just I don't have the bandwidth to hire a
a virtual assistant to go in there and block them
but I'm not doing it so they're just living there

[35:01]
and it just bugs me you know I could totally do
this I could say hey like discern the sentiment
analysis from this comment if it's a bad faith
negative comment delete the comment and block the
person and then like over a month they'll just be
so much more curated my comments. Quick question.
What if there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only
for business starters and business builders. It's
called TK owners and it's basically like having me
and 100 other business geniuses as your business
partner. Also, there's going to be exclusive
new trends, growth hacks, business ideas, and
a database of everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case studies.
You'll have weekly ask me anythings with me while
I'll answer your questions directly. You can join
now at tkowners.com link in the show notes. It's
funny the example agent I just showed you of the
Lindy that blocks spam mills in my mentions
after I recorded this demo I just showed I
actually updated it to do exactly what you just
said which is because I same as you I got these

[36:02]
people that are just like rude. It's just like
gratonously rude. And so I updated the prompt
to be like all the block mentions containing very
rude or insulting content especially when devoid
of substance. And so yeah, I don't I no longer see
this rude messages. It's like it saved my mental
health obviously. Even a little bit of followers
on Twitter like people don't understand like your
experience changes. It just sucks. You get these
in your mentions. I no longer have that anymore.
Oh, that's so good. And like even tools like
ManyHat that that have APIs to do stuff like this,
like there are automations that can respond
to my DMs or that can respond to comments,
Facebook, Meta, Instagram, like it will it will
block me. Like it can harm my account because it
thinks there's automated behavior or whatever.
Like I'm not asking you to like absolve me of
any liability, but I feel like it doing it in
an actual window makes it more like I have an
actual employee doing it themselves and I'm safer
from stuff like that. That's exactly right. 100%.
It's funny actually there is an episode of South
Park like that where it's like uh Cartman gets

[37:02]
a lot of hate messages on Twitter and he asks but
to like like filter them for him and but gets like
brain damage looking in the head. Yeah. That's the
idea. Oh man. I mean even like people in my DMs
like they'll send me three paragraphs like dude
I started this business because of you. Like I
thank you so much like you. And I don't see them.
Sometimes I'll go in and look and I'm like dude
this is amazing. But I don't have anyone checking.
Like I could reach out to them and be like, "Dude,
thank you so much. It is AI, but it's better than
not getting a response." Okay, let me let me show
you. I have another agent that does exactly that.
By the way, this is going to look staged. Like
this is we're literally just briefing for like
the listeners here, but like this is literally
I have this agent here. This like my uh our ex
new follower. I'm like softballing you all these
questions. Oh, I think my viewers are they're
used to this. Those are pretty universal problems
that Yeah. businesses run into, right? And so
you can see every time we get a new follower,
we have this Lindy wake up and she looks at the
the person who just started to follow us and she

[38:02]
sends a message. So right here appreciates the
follow. What repetitive stuff are you dealing
with that's eating up your time and we're actually
working on enriching this agent right now. So like
instead of sending always the same message, it can
actually research you online first and be like,
I just saw your business did X, Y, and Z. This
is so cool. Hey, have you thought about using
agents for this? And this can be tailored to
whatever. Oh man. Yeah. Well, dude, I think
what I want everyone listening or watching this
to know is these problems that I'm describing,
you know, getting all these comments and DMs.
It's probably not yours, but this is a problem
that you can solve for other people that are
publishing content, right? Like you can offer this
as a service for people that don't want to read
all these toxic comments or people that want to
kindly respond to people in their DMs. Maybe with
a sales pitch, maybe with a thank you. This made
my day. Like this is a service you could offer for
a monthly fee just using Lindy on the back end.
That's exactly right. Yep. You could use Lindy to
find the customers and then you could use Lindy to

[39:00]
fulfill the customers. That's exactly right. Yeah.
And and we have a lot of agencies in our customers
that are like very successful at doing that. Oh
man, this is Oh, I don't usually get a headache
within 39 minutes of talking, but today might be
a record and that's good. Headache headaches are
good. It's a brave new world. Like people don't
understand what's what's happening. like this is
like the capabilities that we're talking about
today are literally 30 days old, right? So like
this is what I mean when I say it's so very early.
Like I think you know it's funny because when I
started this company not that long ago, like two
and a half years ago, like I said, oh, I think
like we're not very far from having companies
that are fully autonomously managed by AI agents.
Yeah. And people were looking at me like I just
smoked crack. And no, it's it's happening. Like
you you're starting to see it. Well, just think
of like cold email automation agencies or cold
email agencies. That's a thing. It's been a thing
for years, right? I think that is basically to the
point today where if I had a cold email agency,
like my customers are companies that want to send

[40:00]
cold emails, I could use cold emails to find my
customers, I could use Lindy to do that. And then
once I find them, I could use Lindy to craft,
scrape, verify, send, reply to, reply to again,
reply to again, close. Stripe API collect payment.
Y like you could already do this today. Yeah.
Today. Like this is not speculation. This is
not a drill. This is this is happening 100%.
Like what I really want someone to do is Yeah.
I'm I'm looking forward to see like the first
fully autonomous AI organizations set up by one
guy. To your point like you could imagine like the
recruiting example. It's like hey these are three
candidates like this is a docuign. you know, you
don't pay me anything unless I actually get you a
hire through the door. By the way, an interesting
thing is like some recruiting companies work like
that. It's like a on a contingency basis. Like you
only pay us 20% of the first salary, which is a
lot of money. It's like $30,000 plus. But then
there is fraud. It's like customers hire someone
and they never tell you and whatnot. So here what

[41:01]
you can do, you can have another AI agent that
checks every month the LinkedIn profiles of
the candidates that you introduced to customers
to see if they joined the customer. And if so,
you hit up the customer and you're like, hey,
where's my money? Oh, so good. You can set up the
whole thing like that end to end like, hey, here's
the docu sign. And then once you send it, once the
person signs it, like now you have another agent
that goes and starts finding candidates, reaching
out to them, booking interviews with the customer
or sending them to customer to confirm first and
you can have the entire flow completely end to end
managed by AI agents. I'm just picturing a company
getting an email said, "Hey, uh, remember when I
introduced you to John Smith for that technical
role? What happened to him?" Oh yeah, John, he
passed. He took another job. Really? Because I
see on LinkedIn he's joined your company. Invoice
attached. Please pay within seven days. Invoice
paid. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. That's
exactly the idea. If not, send to collections and
maybe collections is another AI agent, you know,
that's like a I'm sure they will. This is a lawyer

[42:01]
AI agent, you know, that's like, hey, you're
in violation of Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting
because we're so early, but just like there
are businesses that don't have websites today,
we're going to be 10 years from now and there's
still going to be people doing it the old way,
right? So that's that's not a reason for someone
to wait, but it just takes a long time for people
to adapt to these new technologies. So the
sooner you act, the more you'll be ahead of of
your peers. Yeah, I think at some point there is
a tipping point where it's like at first you get
an advantage if you adopt these technologies first
and then at some point you were at a disadvantage
if you haven't adopted these technologies. Like
you know today people who aren't using computers
and they're still using like fax machines or
whatever. I don't think there's a whole lot of
them. If you're in that boat, like you're you're
no longer at an advantage if you use computers.
You're just like behind and you're like at
a disadvantage if you don't use them. Yeah.
I'm picturing like a spectrum. It's like first
phase is like advantage, first movers, right? The
biggest middle phase is table stakes, right? You
don't have a website, dude. That's table stakes.

[43:03]
Yeah. Like that's just like that's like like
you have to have a website. And then after that,
it's you don't have a website, how are you still
in business? Yeah. No. Exactly. What how do people
know how to contact you? Yeah. Yeah. We're still
in the phase of like advantage because like as you
said like this technology is like 30 days old like
AI agents started to work basically 12 months ago
really. So it's still very early which is why we
are seeing the companies and the individuals and
the agencies who are adopting these technologies
first just completely blow it out of the water.
Oh Flo, this is amazing. Lindy.ai. Lindy find you.
Yep. Yeah. We're active on Twitter. We're active
on LinkedIn. If you follow us on on Twitter, like
an agent will be in touch with you. Yeah. Yeah.
He's honest, folks. He's honest. Okay. If you
like this episode with the Lindy founder flow,
we spoke back on June 16th, 2025. So, you can
scroll back and listen to and or watch that one
as well. And as always, I would really appreciate
it if you shared with a friend and used my Lindy

[44:00]
affiliate link in the show notes. Thanks a
lot. We'll see you next time on the Kerner