[00:00]
The price tag you can put on that skill
set is insane. There's projects that
we've charged 100 grand for and they've
done like 5 days. This is our one shot
output. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Did you even ask it to do
that?
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I didn't ask it to any of
this type of stuff. It just figured it
out. My prompt was like tiny two
sentences.
&gt;&gt; How long would the next site take to
just copy and paste it?
&gt;&gt; If I could right click, duplicate. 10
seconds. You're done. That's it. just
with a lazy approach. You're out doing
Reddit, Trip Adviser with a Wingstop's
own brand, $0 paid on advertising,
costing basically nothing to build. This
is all the pages we're ranking number
one for.
&gt;&gt; People don't realize that sites like
Trip Adviser and Yelp have millions of
pages that took billions of dollars of
software engineering in a decade of
grinding. It can be done for 99% less
and 99% faster. Today
we go from idea to vibe coding to
launching a directory business all over
the course of this video. We talk about
every tool, shortcut, and growth hack

[01:00]
every tool, shortcut, and growth hack
you would ever need to launch this type
of online business. I don't know how to
vibe code. We fix that. I don't have
good design skills. I've got an answer
for that. What if when I build one of
these websites, I want to copy and paste
it hundreds of times so I could have
hundreds of different income sources?
Yep, we cover that, too. If you're
looking for excuses to not launch your
next business, then stop watching this
video right now because every single
tool and tactic you would ever need is
right here. Please enjoy.
&gt;&gt; My excitement couldn't be any greater.
And then a few weeks later, it's even
greater than that. It's just like a gift
that keeps on giving. And I haven't
literally in 15 years of just building
things. I've never, you know,
experienced a feeling like this as a
entrepreneur. I just be able to be
creative, have ideas, you know, to have
the tools at your disposal to be able to
execute is just, you know, so
fascinating and satisfying as well at
the same time.
&gt;&gt; It is. Yeah. So tell me about your
directories and what made you want to
start building those in the first place?
&gt;&gt; I started to just sort of, you know,
build some sites out and then I came
across AI and what became really
interesting with AI was the fact that

[02:00]
interesting with AI was the fact that
you can create these programmatic SEO
pages. And what we mean by programmatic
is effectively if you think about a
directory like tripadvisor you know
every single URL like there there's you
know thousands of URLs so you have like
you know tripadvisor.com for every you
know slash city then inside the city
you've got towns and then towns you've
got you know restaurants and bars and
clubs and whatever you've got like it
can go on forever and no one is sitting
there manually adding all these pages.
programmatic means that they're kind of
just, you know, created automatically
just on the fly. And so AI enabled that
to be very accessible for me at least
where I could just say to myself, okay,
well, if I can just create content and
the content can also be generated by AI,
then technically I don't have to spend
all that time creating all this type of
content. I could just create, you know,
thousands of web pages, send them into
Google, and then get them to rank well.
And so originally I I did this with a a
recipe site, guiltychef.com.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So I just built the app. We released the

[03:01]
&gt;&gt; So I just built the app. We released the
app. 20,000 downloads, you know, real
quick. Unpaid downloads, paid premium.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was premium. So we
probably made I think it was like $8,000
or something maybe in the first like
week. It was like recurring revenue as
well. So it was like, you know, it was
insane. I just, you know, got obsessed
with, you know, programmatic SEO because
of AI and guiltyf.com was born. So this
site now ranks, you know, number one
just globally for keywords. So if you
just go to like even if I go to like an
incognito tab and I let's say I type in
Waga Mama crispy chili mushrooms recipe,
you'll see like Guilty Chef is like
number one right here. Organic above
like Pinterest, Instagram, all these
videos, Reddit, like we're right here.
And you open that up, it takes you to
our site and you get to see the actual
recipe and the directions. And all this
content was just generated through AI
effectively. So you know the
restaurants, the dishes, you can see
like you know these are restaurants, you
open up a restaurant, then you have the
restaurant and the restaurant name. And

[04:01]
restaurant and the restaurant name. And
so basically this is where the SEO kicks
in. Like if people search Burger King
recipes,
&gt;&gt; you know, it will come up with this
page. And so the idea for me was it was
a simple idea which was there's nowhere
to find recipes inspired by the
restaurants you love. You have some
websites like that but they're normally
people that have cooked recipes at home
and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're not aggregated. There's
not one website dedicated to that.
&gt;&gt; Is that why it's called Guilty Chef?
Because it's like unhealthy like
restaurant recipes mostly.
&gt;&gt; That's a No, that's a good question.
Guilty chef. I can't remember where the
name came from. I think like
&gt;&gt; you probably just were looking for good
domain names and you looking for
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I I wasn't like that's the
crazy thing about the SEO uh that this
has been the best performing SEO site of
the two directories I'm going to show
you and the domain is like nothing to do
with it like and that's what's wild is
like people always think that you need a
good my my next directory I show you is
all about the domain name but like this
one like it doesn't matter about a
domain name so especially if you're
starting a directory don't go crazy
about the domain name
&gt;&gt; because it can just rank well so long as

[05:00]
&gt;&gt; because it can just rank well so long as
your content is structured just using
the the basic things that you need and
when I say basic things those are things
like you know creating content, linking
between the pages of your content, you
know, using schema. So this is
schema.org is like something that a lot
of people don't know about. But if you
look at schema here, there's different
types of schema you can have. And what
schema is, it's a series of like
properties that Google looks for on a
web page to see if there's information
about that. So uh for restaurants, it
might look for opening hours or it might
look for price range or payment methods
and that determines the content. the
more boxes you check like the higher
likelihood you are of ranking
&gt;&gt; right and so if you think about before
AI you'd have to first of all have a SEO
strategist or someone who'd be like this
is what you need to do then you'd have
to figure out okay well which of these
do I use then you have to go and you
know create the content and then you got
to have someone design the pages and
develop them that's like a team of four
or five people already and so now with
like cursor and claude code I just go

[06:01]
like cursor and claude code I just go
straight into it and I just say hey
create me a category for restaurants and
just make it, you know, compatible with,
you know, schema and include all the
relevant properties I need and it will
just do it in like seconds. And so that
was like if you take that method and you
multiply it by like, you know, 100 or a
thousand, you start to get like all of
these pages of content and even the
content is generated by AI and that's
the other thing is that people think
that AI generated content can't rank in
Google. It absolutely can and in fact
this also ranks in LLM models as well.
So chat GPT and Claude will also pick up
these recipes. If someone types in a
certain recipe that I have on my site
and you set the sources, you'll come up
with my content before you know some
other you know recipe site.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, people need to understand like
it's people are asking questions on
Google and Google is in the business of
giving them answers, right? So if the if
Google does not have enough answers to
pull from and some of the best ones or
some of the only ones are AI generated,

[07:00]
some of the only ones are AI generated,
it's going to show them, you know.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. I think there's
too much like kind of opinion around
whether sites rank or not or you know
will SEO work with AI but I think like
there's no better thing than like seeing
it in action. So I'm sure for yourself
Chris and even like myself I like facts
right and I feel like as a builder I
want to just see it for myself right
because there's plenty of opinion out
there. And so building a directory this
was a way of me seeing okay well can it
actually work? It's like all the things
I'm building and doing, all the
iterations are just like me, you know,
kind of poking at a curiosity I have,
but also because I can now tap into AI,
I can execute it so quickly that I can
actually get a factual answer quicker
than me scrolling through X looking at
opinions. You know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, this is an example of like the the
SEO. So, the orange is organic growth.
So, this means that there's zero paid
traffic. So, I'm spending zero dollars
on marketing on this site. So this is
this is guiltychef.com that you're
showing me traffic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. So guilty chef here.
&gt;&gt; What's the date we're looking at? Like

[08:00]
&gt;&gt; What's the date we're looking at? Like
August 2024 is when it starts ticking
up.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Yeah. So So yeah. So this was
like I kind of like rebuilt the site
around June. And so then Google started
picking up, you know, probably around
August. And then look, we're just
getting like 5 600 800,000. And then
&gt;&gt; I don't know what this huge spike was
here, by the way. I have no idea. I've
never figured that out. But there was a
crazy spike here.
&gt;&gt; I think the most interesting part of
this chart is the very middle between
March and August 2024, you're adding
pages, pages, pages, pages, and not
getting any feedback from Google. Like
nothing is showing you that it's
working, but you're just persisting,
persisting, persisting. All of a sudden
in August, oh, sign of life,
&gt;&gt; you know, September. Oo. And then it's
it's literally literally only up and to
the right ever since. But like that's
why SEO is so important is because you
need to be willing to be patient, play
the long game, and it's not like it's
costing you anything. Like 50 bucks a
month for certain tools, a little bit of
your time. Other than that, like if you

[09:00]
your time. Other than that, like if you
can be patient now, you're at how many
visits organically per month.
&gt;&gt; Uh almost 11,000 now.
&gt;&gt; Jeez Louise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and by the way, we there's a
there's a paid site to the site as well.
So people people can also go on here and
just like subscribe and generate their
own recipes as well. So,
&gt;&gt; there's only 160 pages on this site.
&gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. Yeah, there's not much at all
on this site.
&gt;&gt; Well, imagine if you had 16,000.
&gt;&gt; You know what? Again, it's it's my fault
because I just get like I I I ran this
as almost like experiment and it like
performed better than I expected and I
was like, "Okay, I've got to like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; real quick, please subscribe to my
channel. I know it's kind of lame to
ask, but it means a lot." Thanks. By the
way, ah Refres just as a tool is a great
tool to to to get you can get you get a
free account on there and you can just
do keyword research. So you can go on
like you know keyword research up here,
keywords explorer and so if you're just
want to start a directory in a certain
niche like you could just type in I
don't know let's just say you know
recipes let's do something more niche.
Let's say you know uh toddler recipes

[10:01]
Let's say you know uh toddler recipes
and you could search by different
regions but let's say you know US. it
will show you like what the search
volume and trends look like you know
over a given period of time and also
what you want to look at here is like
how easy is that keyword to rank for
which means that okay well this is kind
of a broad keyword which is pretty good
so if you can find the com which
actually I own toddler recipes.com as
well
&gt;&gt; okay good for you
&gt;&gt; so yeah but I haven't I haven't done
anything with it yet so nothing nothing
existing but there's um but you can just
see like there's so many like you know
recipes and why I found this interesting
is because there's all of these are the
longtail keywords. So like toddler
recipes,
&gt;&gt; muffin recipe.
&gt;&gt; So you're seeing like now look at the
volume you're getting like you know 900
searches per month, 600 searches per
month and like if you can come up number
one they will aggregate into like a you
know decent audience. I'd really say
like where where this funnel becomes
interesting and I haven't even like
taken it to this level yet with my site
is like you know traffic is one thing
but like email capture you know Google
pixel you know the amount of retargeting

[11:00]
pixel you know the amount of retargeting
that's possible even being able to you
know I could go into the ingredient side
of my web page and then have brands
bidding or or like people like Walmart
bidding for like spots so like people
click on you know pepper and it connect
to the Walmart site for you to buy it
you know so when you start building in
traffic you hold the leverage and I
think that's the interest The strategic
part of this type of business that I
liked is that you know the traffic is
yours you know and so like it speaks for
itself and so you can really trade
against that becomes a currency and it
can easily net you you know even if it
starts off being $500 or $600 a month
man that's great and then you can start
growing that more and more and more and
start to become something meaningful.
&gt;&gt; So you said you're also monetizing this.
You have like a paid section of the
site. How is that going? Yeah, there's a
paid section, but nothing crazy right
now because we're not really pushing
people towards it, but like you can go
on here and you can just like build your
own recipes basically and like pay
now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh yeah. So, it's just like, you
know, it's just anthropic running in the
background. Just basically Yeah. Just,
you know, running the recipe and just

[12:00]
you know, running the recipe and just
creating the recipe for you. So, I can
already see some bugs on it because I
haven't even been on it in like, you
know, a few months. So, yeah. But that's
basically what it is. Do you have ads on
the site or is it monetizing in any way
or is you're just letting
&gt;&gt; No, no ads right now. So, it's probably
revenue-wise, I think it's probably
probably just doing like maybe $7, $800
a month, something like that. Like, it's
nothing crazy, but it's still like, you
know, it's it's just still something
cool just comes in for organic traffic.
So, yeah, just like people who have and
a lot of it's funny because a lot of the
customers are those that have like
signed up at peak times like maybe
around, you know, holiday season. and
they're trying to look for recipes and
they're paid like five bucks or
something to join the site and the
memberships are just running and they
might not even be that active but you
know they're just in there and you know
that's the other interesting thing about
these type of businesses is that you
know if you create products that can get
high volumes of traffic but very you
know low increments of revenue people
are willing to pay because it's just
there and you can you're likely to
capture them and also if you start to
increase your traffic and you get those
people coming in those $5 start adding
up and you know can can can become

[13:00]
up and you know can can can become
something meaningful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And now what what tools did you
use to build this site?
&gt;&gt; This was built in web flow, but all of
the sort of the AI components of it were
were built using cursor. And so that
cursor I think can feel very daunting to
people. So like I've got it open here.
You know, people can feel like this is
like, you know, just for programmers.
And even I felt that way. And then when
I actually went into it really, it's
just like think of it like iMessage
almost. You know, if you can just talk,
you can create. And actually the power
lies in that those that are creative and
can express their ideas as opposed to
those that are like technical. Like you
don't have to be technical at all. And
&gt;&gt; that's why I've set up you know I've got
a school community 5day sprint. I've
also got 5dayprint.com where you can go
on here and just set up your project and
it will just give you like a oneline
string like um if you set your project
up there like this and you can just hit
copy here and you can go into just open
up cursor hit paste right here and hit
enter. And this fra this one line will
set up your entire project for you. And

[14:01]
set up your entire project for you. And
so all you then have to go is do is go
in there and just iterate the features
that you want. But like the context of
your project is all in there. And that's
how I feel like we should be building
because there's so many interesting
things that you can do with these
projects. But you need a scaffolding,
right? And so guilty chef is like think
of that as a scaffold which I was able
to then use myself to build best
dubai.com. So if you look the sites are
identical in terms of how they look,
right? Look like even a search literally
doesn't even move.
&gt;&gt; Both on web flow.
&gt;&gt; These were both built like visuals were
built in web flow and but all the
functions and functionality were like
through cursor.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And I just connected them into web flow.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So you live in Dubai. What gave you the
idea to start this just like did you see
a different site that was similar that
&gt;&gt; Guilty Chef started working? So it'll be
interesting to see what the AHF's data
shows us. But Guilty Chef started to
work and when it started to work I got I
had already been in so I moved to Dubai
around the time I was building it
actually. So I literally moved to Dubai
here right and I started to build the
project and I started to see results

[15:01]
project and I started to see results
around here and then I was like hold on
a second like this is interesting. This
hadn't even started fully growing yet
but just some results around that time.
I'd been in Dubai long enough to know
that okay I'm always looking for places
to eat, place to visit. There's no not
actually any great directory. And if you
go to like Dubai's actual tourism site,
it doesn't have like it's very their
directory is very basic, right? And it's
very bloggy. It's like it's not really
immersive. And so I thought, okay,
that's interesting. And so then I
thought to myself, I started
brainstorming and I started to
brainstorm loads of words, but I didn't
brainstorm best Dubai. It was like best
restaurants Dubai or best things in
Dubai things because I never thought the
domain would be available. Yeah. And
then from out of nowhere, I just
actually searched best to buy.com and
the domain was available for like
&gt;&gt; $900.
&gt;&gt; That's the best feeling in the world
when you type it in and you're like,
it's not going to be available. I know
it's not, but I just have to. And then
it is you like you never clicked by
faster. Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, Texasnacks.com. Sendeats.com.

[16:00]
&gt;&gt; I mean, Texasnacks.com. Sendeats.com.
&gt;&gt; Wow. I've got
&gt;&gt; What's that second one? Send Eats.
&gt;&gt; Send Eats.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Like ship food.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. O, that's nice.
&gt;&gt; It was a company that shipped food. So
&gt;&gt; dude, sometimes the domain will like
just just like spawn the idea for you.
Like it just come from a cool domain.
&gt;&gt; Totally. I um I own the domain twice
used.com and like I thought someone
could have like an Etsy
for upcycled stuff, you know,
&gt;&gt; and so be best dubai.com was available
$900 and and then the interesting thing
was I then searched like other domain
names similar for other countries and
other towns. So like best saudi.com for
example was $100,000.
And so when I saw the price difference I
was like first of all this has got to be
like a very viable domain. And secondly
I can't believe it's available. So like
I didn't talk to no one. I was I'm not
going to tell no one. I'm just going to
buy it. And once I've got it then I've
got it. And so I bought it got access. I
was like okay I still couldn't believe
it. And then it was like the mission to
be like okay well what can we turn
this.com into? And so with this one was

[17:02]
this.com into? And so with this one was
focused a bit more like restaurants,
hotels, malls, schools. Again, all this
content is AI generated. So like AI is
aggregating Google reviews. AI is going
and you know getting the you know uh
giving a scoring system um you know
picking up amenities and check-in times
and maps and all this type of content
FAQs. And again all of that is being
connected to schema. So like you'd have
a schema for you know local business.
And I'll just say to cursor, hey, I've
got a local business site. I need schema
implemented. Excuse me. And it'll just
write the schema. We've started to see
some meaningful organic results now. So
again, zero dollars paid on advertising,
costing basically nothing to build. Like
when I say nothing, I mean like less
than $100 or something. And so if you go
to, let's say we type in one of the
keywords like Parker, Parkers is like a
big restaurant here. Type in like
Parker's Dubai reviews, then we're
number two below Trip Advisor now.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; In Google. And so that's you know coming
up above Facebook, Zomato, Reddit, you
know all these other sites, Open Table.

[18:01]
know all these other sites, Open Table.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So if someone wanted to start a
directory from scratch today, can you
just show us like what your first steps
would be? How would you start? What
tools would you look to? What how would
you do research etc?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. So first of all, I think ah
refs is absolutely a great tool to use
just to do keyword research first of
all. So I think like go and explore
keywords and then try and find domain
names as close as possible to the.com
because I do think that gives you an
added advantage and so instant
domain.com is a great tool to use
because if I just type like the reason
it's cool is because it gives you all
the different like URLs available like
from one search so you can see like the
com like any other you know ones you
like and the green ones obviously
available and so I love just using this
site to find domains once you've got a
domain and you've got you know the
keyword. So spend some time on keyword
research like really try and see like
you know what are the interesting trends
here and what you what you want to look
for just as a rule of thumb are keywords
with a low keyword difficulty and a
higher search volume and so if we

[19:00]
higher search volume and so if we
actually looked right now here and we
said let's just say I don't know snacks
and just search that since you mentioned
snacks.
&gt;&gt; Do you have like a general ratio you
look for like it needs to be under X
difficulty and over Y search volume?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. So, so I would say you
want to keyword difficulty between zero
and 30. And so what I'll do is I would
come in here and I would go KD keyword
difficulty between 0 and 30. And then I
would start there and then the higher
the search volume the better. So this is
actually crazy by the way. Look at this.
So like it's very rare you see something
like this.
&gt;&gt; Wow. High protein snacks nine keyword
difficulty 81,000 monthly searches.
&gt;&gt; So So that's like that's that's a
snatch. Like if you if you can get like
high proteins.com. So like literally
let's see like if you can buy that like
that's worth a shot like considering the
type of investment that people put into
businesses like people sometimes I think
about domain names as like you know how
to price them or whatever but I think
like if you would generally start a
business like a small business minimum
$10,000
&gt;&gt; you'd be considering like maybe I'm

[20:00]
&gt;&gt; you'd be considering like maybe I'm
going to invest in starting a business
right like getting a small business loan
and so in this type of age where you
could build things with AI and
directories like if I saw I would
absolutely buy this if I saw that type
of you know this type of
&gt;&gt; it's $7,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The domain.
&gt;&gt; This would kill it though.
&gt;&gt; I love the strategy of searching for a
very broad keyword.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then looking at what it shows you
and like letting your rabbit holes go
crazy from that point, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because also it can inspire like
different ideas as well. So, you know, 0
to 30 is good keyword difficulty. Yeah.
for search volume. By the way, this is
this is why I'm saying this is crazy is
because normally I would say even like a
thousand is like good, right? Because
like volume
&gt;&gt; Yeah. like you know
&gt;&gt; 81,000.
&gt;&gt; This is 81,000. Yeah. So like because if
you see a lot of the keywords in my
sites like they're not they just
aggregate. So like if I go into
&gt;&gt; uh where were we like here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because there's going to be a long
tail of hundreds or thousands of
variations of that keyword, right?

[21:00]
variations of that keyword, right?
You're not only relying on toddler
snacks.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So like look, spicy Korean Q,
Wing Stop. Like I'll just show you.
Look, we're ranking number this is all
the pages we're ranking number one for.
So like these are all number one in
Google organic, right? And so like
&gt;&gt; wow volume volume like we only get 30
for no wagu tacos but keyword difficulty
zero.
&gt;&gt; You know even this one I maybe get 42
visitors a month from this wing stop but
like you know it's volume is 80 but
keyword difficulty zero and number one.
And again there's loads of those that 00
but like we're getting like 300 250 400
and they just aggregate
&gt;&gt; and again this goes on for pages. We got
pages of just like you know number one
position just using this strategy. Now
the thing is like I think especially
since recently I've been seeing how
quickly you can build projects using
cursor like that these two projects were
built using web flow for their interface
and then I used cursor and clawed code
for some of like their the these kind of
like HTML elements. What I realized
recently was to actually build things
that claiming cursor was cool, but I'm a

[22:00]
that claiming cursor was cool, but I'm a
designer, but I couldn't create
something beautiful. And you've probably
heard that there's this thing of AI
slop, right? Like people just creating
like, you know, just crazy things that
AI renders. But if you look at this
side, and we can go into a bit of this
with some live building in a minute,
&gt;&gt; but all the UI here was built using
cursor and clawed code. So none of this
is using Figma. Nothing here is using a
single design tool. Like every single
thing you're seeing here is done just
through natural language. And the the
fascinating thing to me was simply the
fact that I can just use my creativity
in my mind and so long as I can explain
it, I can get an output. And I think
that's such a big lesson for people to
take away. Even if you're building a
directory or whatever, it's like yes,
domain is important. You know, keyword
research is important, but this is like
a stack of skills that you got to build
up. And you got to like look within
yourself and think, okay, well, do I
have a a broad taste palette for what a
good website or experience looks like.
And if you do, then great. You should be
able to explain that. Then it's about
the communication. And so long as you
can like take inspiration from other
sites or other things you've seen and be

[23:01]
sites or other things you've seen and be
able to just simply type it into a tool
like cursor right here, you can get
outputs like this. But simply by saying
to it, hey, can you add a blue card at
the top of this card
&gt;&gt; and also do this? and it will just
create it for you.
&gt;&gt; Do you only use cursor for projects like
this or do you use replet, lovable, etc.
&gt;&gt; No, I just use cursor and claw code. I
find them much easier than repletable. I
think
&gt;&gt; why don't we do this? Why don't we
pretend that we're going to launch high
protein snacks.com and can you go to
claude code and show us like what you
would prompt
&gt;&gt; how you would start to do this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'll do it inside I'll just
create a section of this uh site since
I'm already on it. So, let's assume that
we're setting up a new site. So first of
all, if you were to start and you you
came on to 5 years pretty much with a
new project, I would go here and I would
type like, you know, I have the domain
high protein snacks.com.
Then you can add inspiration, which is
really cool. So you can like you can
take any site as inspiration. So you
could like just use Airbnb as example

[24:00]
could like just use Airbnb as example
and say, you know,
&gt;&gt; you could ask it first like what are
what are 10 sites that have beautiful
design? Cool. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's my inspiration. If you don't feel
like you have a good design taste, just
ask it what good design is and then use
that as inspiration.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. And you can do stuff like that
just in a separate chat GBT or cord chat
as well by the way. So I might say, you
know, I like the layout, you know,
whatever. Let's just keep it simple. and
you hit start research now it will go
and do research for the features you
need in your product because sometimes
again like if you're thinking about the
type of you know when you're starting a
startup and you know Chris I'm sure you
know when you're starting startups as
well even traditionally like my previous
startup I had to go and raise you know
like I think it was like 200k we raised
like seed angel round and then you know
that most of that was just for people
and like now when I'm building I'm like
hold on a second like I don't need any
of that stuff you know so actually it's
like I wouldn't have had needed any of
that money if AI was around then because
just things like specking out features
and getting someone to project manage
and to execute that was like a large
part of my budget was just going on
technical things like that. And so this

[25:01]
technical things like that. And so this
just in seconds did your research for
you know so it figures out you know
comprehensive marketplace and discovery
platform for high protein snacks helping
fitness enthusiasts and healthconscious
consumers and then it also picks out the
features that you might want. So, you
know, do you want email registration,
guest browsing, do you want an admin
dashboard, you know, for your product,
how do you want, you know, what database
do you want, you know, price tracking,
stock availability, and so you can just
pick and choose and then you could just,
you know, add feedback if you want. So,
you can say, you know, I want a live,
you know, shopping stream streaming
feature and apply feedback and it will
just go and it will like rework that.
So, you can just kind of go back and
forth like you might with chat GPT and
just pick out the features you want. Now
the difference with lovable and tools
like replet are if you want something
that out of the box is going to just
create the entire thing for you
essentially then like I would say you
know go that route because if you don't
want any if you don't really like kind
of want to deep go into technical too
much but there's a very there's very
little amount of technical skill you

[26:01]
little amount of technical skill you
need to be able to do something like
this and I would in fact not even call
it technical I would just call it
something as simple as like being able
to think logically right if you can
think logically it's like you do this
and then you do that. So like first
we're going to think about our features
which is obvious and then we're going to
go and set up our project. Great. And
then we're going to go and build out one
feature then we're going to build
another feature and another feature. But
what AI is doing is helping you create
that structure. It's helping you create
that plan which otherwise a product
manager or a designer would do, right?
&gt;&gt; And then just through here like you know
you can go in here now and it will also
automatically suggest
&gt;&gt; AI capabilities to add to your project.
So you know generate product
descriptions and marketing copy and all
you have to do is click here and say
okay I want anthropic which is with all
you guys that run claude to generate
that content for you. So if you looked
at best Dubai like this content is
generated using anthropic claude but I
had to spend considerable amount of time
maybe like not say considerable but it
was probably like you know four days or
so just like researching the content I
wanted then working with AI to get the

[27:00]
wanted then working with AI to get the
perfect prompts and then working those
prompts. But here you can just put in
your API key and it will just generate
all the content for you. Same way if you
want images, if you want to create
visually appealing product images, you
can do that. You can just pick your
image model and we will just keep adding
new ones. So we're going to add Google's
new image model in there, etc. Video
generation, voice AI, whatever you want.
And then when you hit continue, it just
explains to you simply how to, you know,
install cursor and GitHub, which are
like these things will probably take you
less than 5 minutes altogether to set
up. And then your database. So all your
data has to sit and store somewhere,
right? And so this was something again
for someone like me who was kind of, you
know, had a bit of idea of techn, you
know, being technical, but I'm not a
programmer at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I understand what databases are. And so
effectively, they're just like a
spreadsheet. So if you understand how to
use Excel or Google Sheets, that's
basically a database. And every single
database has multiple tables, which is
the equivalent of like different sheets,
right? And so a database is simply just
rows and columns. And so Superbase is a

[28:01]
rows and columns. And so Superbase is a
software that basically creates those
rows and tables for you, but has all the
security implementations built in, all
those type of things. So it can actually
work as a web project, right? And so
we've just made it super simple. So you
can just hit connect superbase and you
can just connect to your account
straight away. So again, when I was
doing this originally, I had to go and
get four or five different types of keys
from my database and put those in. But
you just hit one button here and it will
straight away just connect your account
and then you'll just pick whichever
project in your database you want to
use. So we can just use this test one
and it'll automatically pick up your
keys, your project URL, all the
different keys that you need. You hit
continue and you're done and you can hit
generate framework. And now it's going
to go and just create the framework for
you that's going to help you just set up
the entire project in cursor. So when
you open up cursor by default you're
going to get a blank screen. And that's
what's like quite daunting for people is
like okay where do I start? Because even
when I was building it's like okay yes
we understand we might know what HTML is

[29:00]
we understand we might know what HTML is
or CSS or whatever but like if you think
about the modern web they use frameworks
that are like they call next.js JS or
Tailwind CSS or these some technical
elements and
&gt;&gt; and I have no clue what any of that
means
&gt;&gt; by the way not even to this day I don't
really understand them properly at all
&gt;&gt; and I think most of most of my audience
is like a little technical but
definitely not a software engineer kind
of like me right
&gt;&gt; exactly like us yeah ma'am so this is
why so I I set up this entire framework
so that you can just simply just take
this you you get render this one string
you just hit copy here and you're going
to go into cursor and all you're going
to do is hit paste and hit enter and
then what you're going to see in
literally we won't do it I've got
ourself a new project to to run it all
but what you will see is an entire
project just start just you know being
set up for you actually you know what
let's actually try and do it so let me
just open a new project if not then
we'll just fall back to the other
version so we just go here let's go into
here and let's say protein

[30:02]
here and let's say protein
snacks open I'm going hit this and hit
paste. Okay, so there it said setting up
the framework for you. So now what
you'll see is you'll just see files just
start coming up here on the left which
are all of the it's basically like it's
the equivalent of in technical terms
maybe 3 months of like a CTO level of
work that is doing for you in the next
two minutes. So it's already set up f
folders for you here right using nex.js.
So it's it understands that's a
framework we want to use. By the way,
you can use Nex.js to build games. You
can build any application. You can build
software like you name it. You can build
it. You can build Facebook using this.
You can build x.com using this. You can
build Instagram using this. Whatever you
want, you can build using this. And so
it will just run and it'll just set up
the entire infrastructure for us for us
to be able to just, you know, go ahead
and just start building. And so, let me
just explain the UI system, by the way.
So, by UI, we mean user interface. So,
you're seeing here all these different
design elements, right? And so I'm a

[31:02]
design elements, right? And so I'm a
designer and even me as a designer, I
didn't know how to design through
natural language. I only knew how to
design by using design tools like Figma
or framer. And then I started
researching and I found that there's
like you know different libraries like
shad CNN is a library for example which
has pre-built components like beautiful
charts and
&gt;&gt; shad.com.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Shadcen.com. Correct. And is
purpose-built so that you can just
basically just create any look. This is
like Slack type of application, you
know, with everything already designed
and built and then it has all of the
different components. So like, you know,
you want a beautiful slider, it has a
slider built into it as a component.
&gt;&gt; But still,
&gt;&gt; yeah, but still there's like a technical
element to it, right? Which is like
installation and you see this and it
just throws you off.
&gt;&gt; And so again, inside this framework
within this one prompt,
&gt;&gt; it starts installing Shad CN for you.
And so it sets up the entire
infrastructure for you. So you've got a
whole framework with UI set up and
everything ready to go. And that's how
we get an interface like this because

[32:00]
we get an interface like this because
look, this is Shad CNN like I just
showed you, but it's just got a blue
background and my design on it, you
know, and I'm using elements from Shad
CN like the buttons and everything are
from this framework, but it's all
pre-built. So, as soon as this is
installed, we can just go in and say,
"Okay, now do this for me." So, I'm
going to stop this right now. So, just
be so it saves us some time. But that
would run for like, you know, 5 minutes
or so, and it would just set up the
project. And then what you'd get is just
like a blank canvas like this, but
without content. I've been using Beehive
for about two years, almost as long as
they've been around. And I got to tell
you, watching other creators stay stuck
on basic newsletter platforms is
painful. You're losing thousands of
dollars because you don't know what your
subscribers are worth. And when
potential sponsors ask, "Who reads your
newsletter?" and you say, "Uh,
entrepreneurs or moms," you lost the
deal. But Beehive has a survey feature
that's brilliant. You can set up a few
questions about demographics and
spending habits that you send them
through right after they subscribe. So
instead of telling sponsors, "Oh, I have
5,000 subscribers," you can say, "I have

[33:00]
5,000 subscribers," you can say, "I have
3,750
homeowners making over $75,000 a year
who spend $200 plus per month on home
improvement." And that's proof that
their ideal customers are reading your
newsletter. Go extract your email list
from whatever platform you're stuck on
because it's probably costing you
thousands in lost deals. Beehive makes
migration easy. You can move all your
emails in minutes so you can get paid
what you're actually worth. Head to
beehive.com/chris
for 30% off your first three months.
That's beehiv.com/chris.
You'll thank me later. And so if I open
up this actual project right now, let me
just server.
&gt;&gt; You're back in cursor here.
&gt;&gt; Back in cursor. I've just opened up
basically this project we're looking at
here, my 5day sprint project, just
because it'll be quicker for us to just
build something. But we we'll build the
directory in here. So, if you want to
now talk to Claude, all you're going to
do is you're going to go terminal, new
terminal, and you're just going to type
Claude and hit enter. And now you've got

[34:00]
Claude and hit enter. And now you've got
Claude code. They don't want me to
accept terms. Yeah. Okay. Now you've got
Claude code ready to go. So, you'll get
given if you run local server. So, I
just said kill and run local server.
Basically, that's just a way of saying
kill any tasks that are running and run
my local server. A local server is
basically a a URL that runs without you
needing a domain name, right? And so if
I copy this and I paste it into my
browser, I can see my website
immediately, right? The beauty of this
is that any changes I make, you will see
in real time. And so why that's amazing
when you're building these type of
things is it's just as fast, if not
faster, than actually sitting there
drawing boxes and changing things
because you can just say it to clawed
code and it will do it. So we'll pick
we'll do that right now. So, we're going
to say I'm going to say let's do in the
admin section so the public don't see
it. So, I'm going to say this is how you
literally talk to us. So, imagine it set
up a whole project for you. You'll have
files like this all set up once you've
run the prompt. And I'm going to say in
the admin menu on the left main navbar.
I literally talk to it like this like

[35:01]
I literally talk to it like this like
just super you know in my own language.
Right. Uh menu on the left main. I want
you to add a new section uh the same way
we have marketing live stream etc. but
called protein directory. Protein call
it snacks directory. So I'm just going
to say that right now. So this is an
example of systems thinking which is
what people sometimes do is they go in
and they try and you know give it like
too many tasks at once and then it trips
up right and so what you want to do is
you just want to compartmentalize yeah
no don't do that so you want to just you
are the master right like you have to
trust your own intelligence and this is
you know I speak to a lot of people in
our community about this as well which
is we are overestimating sometimes the
ability of AI the intelligence of AI
just because of the word artificial
intelligence. Yes, it's intelligent in
terms of how much information it has
ingested, but the nuance of how like you
would think and build things like you

[36:00]
would think and build things like you
are still better at it than that. So, we
are very much more intelligent still
than AI due to nuances. And so, we'll
let it run. And so, what you'll see now,
if you just look here in a moment, we
should in real time see a new option
just turn up here. So, I'm not even
touching the screen anymore. And so,
this is this an example of just like
building live. like you just say to it
add a menu item and it will just do it.
So unless it needs to confirm any
questions with me which sometimes it it
wants to but it should be fine
&gt;&gt; and we can
&gt;&gt; there you go.
&gt;&gt; So snacks directory is there
&gt;&gt; manage snacks.
&gt;&gt; So it's created a page there's no
content on it because we only told it to
create us the menu directory and in fact
it still tried to be too smart and
create an extra thing but it's fine.
&gt;&gt; So I might go to cursor and I'll go to
cursor and I will say I am building. So,
so by the way, how you want to think
about this is this is cursor over here.
And so, cursor is the software which has
its own chat in it. Again, just using
the claw model in here. We have the
terminal using clawed code, but even
though they're inside the same software,

[37:00]
though they're inside the same software,
they don't. These two chats don't talk
to each other. So, this thing over here
has no idea what this did, and this has
no idea what this does. And so, the way
&gt;&gt; the way the framework is also built up.
So when you install this, all of the
configurations of how to get them to
talk to each other are also built in
because this is what I struggled with
and so I just build it all into this. So
basically when I speak to claude code I
use speak to cursor about something on
the right here. I might do market
research with it. I might help it excuse
me set up things for me but then claude
code will be the executor right and then
claude code will give me feedback. I'll
give that feedback to cursor and cursor
sort of like make sure that like all the
work is done correctly. So, here's an
small example of how I'd use it just to
set up a basic page. So, I'll say I'm
building a protein snacks directory. It
needs to be optimized for SEO. We can
rank number one in Google. I want you to
use fire crawl to conduct live research

[38:01]
use fire crawl to conduct live research
on my market. So, this is really cool
because I'll explain to you guys just in
a minute what this does. I don't know
why it's bringing up broad cities.
conduct live research on my market.
Write a prompt for Claude code to
generate a a product page with SEO
implemented. So that's a small uh SEO
and content implemented. So this is like
a small version of a prompt, but let's
let that run. Let's make sure it can
access fire crawl. So fire crawl, let's
just see what it does first. So what
we're basically getting it to do is just
do some research. We're saying to it,
don't execute. Don't write any files. We
don't want you to do anything. this what
plaude code does. We just want you to go
and research and then come back to me
with what you you figure out. So it goes
I help you build SEO optimized protein
stacks. It figures out its own plan. Now
firecrawl is basically a tool you can
use. So firecraw.dev is a tool you can
use that can go and search live data
from the web right and you can use it
directly inside cursor. You can also use
it
&gt;&gt; it reformats websites websites.

[39:00]
&gt;&gt; it reformats websites websites.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah yeah. No it goes and scrapes the
data. So you can literally say to it,
here's tripadvisor.com.
&gt;&gt; Understand everything they do and how
they do it. Imagine you are the greatest
SEO hacker in the world. Fetch all of
the information you need to be able to
create an even better site to rank well
on Google, right? And it will it will go
and do that, right? And so look, it's
going and using fire crawl to do a
search. It's analyzing everything
comprehensively like doing a whole
protein snack research that, you know,
just going on and doing. So, we'll let
it conduct that. And just as an example,
like using firewall and cursor.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah man. And and what's crazy like
just that firecrawl.dev that that little
tip alone is worth the price of
admission for this free video, right?
Like
&gt;&gt; dude,
&gt;&gt; huge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, fire crawl is crazy. It's like one
of the sweetest things that you can use
and it's so easy. I still haven't paid a
dollar to date. Like I've done so much
stuff with it. So there you go. It's
gone and given us our research.
&gt;&gt; So it says, okay, based on my extensive

[40:00]
&gt;&gt; So it says, okay, based on my extensive
market research, here's it. So this
entire prompt is written create
comprehensive SEO optimized protein
snacks directory page. I can rank number
one in Google based on SEO research
mandary SEO optimization target primary
keywords best protein snacks 2024. Uh
this is probably because all the like AI
models like claude and everything are
like normally trained on like data a bit
you know prior to today. So we might
need to ask it to redo it for 20252 but
we would run it like this for now.
Secondary keyword. also goes and checks
what other keywords like healthy protein
bars, muscle building snacks, these are
popular searches, metatitles,
descriptions. Look, use schema markup.
So that entire thing I told you guys
earlier about using schema markup. I had
to go and figure this out myself like no
one told no one from Trip Advisor came
and told me how to rank next to them in
Google. I had to go and work it out,
right? But if you just go into here, it
will do all this type of stuff for you,
the content structure, everything. And
so here's what I'm going to do. I'm just
going to completely blind copy it. So
I'm going to copy this. This is a prompt

[41:00]
I'm going to copy this. This is a prompt
it's written us. And you'll notice in a
minute I'll show you something
interesting. I'm just going to hit
enter. Cool. So I'm just going to send
to clawed code. So now clawed code has
an entire prompt from cursor. Now the
interesting thing here is out of the box
cursor won't write a prompt for clawed
code for you and it won't know how to
structure it to be able to get a
meaningful output inside this 5day
sprint framework. When you've entered
that oneliner into cursor, it already
tells it within that to use shad cen UI
components. So it knows that we want to
use these UI component to design our
site. It also tells it that after you
completed a task, give me some feedback
because then we want to give that
feedback to cursor. So that's all built
in so that you have this kind of
seamless relationship between the two
two tools. And again, this is just
through trial and iteration of me using
it to know that hold on, we need to
communicate between both tools. We also
need to use the right design elements.
And so hopefully, let's just see when
people say like oneshotting an app. This
is going to be an example of that. Let's
see if we can just oneshot a page that

[42:00]
see if we can just oneshot a page that
works.
&gt;&gt; And describe to the listeners or viewers
what oneshotting means.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So oneshotting is like just
hitting a prompt like we just did into a
tool like cursor or clawed code and just
letting it just work. I just
&gt;&gt; prompt to like finish product in one
prompt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and it's very possible by the
way like there are now if you're getting
more complex with using databases and
like this is not connecting to a live
database for information. This is just
like creating the page for us. So like
landing pages is great for maybe like
single like use applications like
uploading a picture and like converting
it to something using API things like
that are like great for like oneshot
type apps. But like if you're building
something like you know cons like
something that's got multiple layers
like a directory there's no such version
as like one prompt and just creating the
whole directory for you. It will create
like this is the landing this is the
product page we're creating right now.
It could create you know a different
version of something else like you know
page by page. So this is the let's just
see what page it's creating it on. So
it's just running. So what it's doing so
you can sometimes read this and it's
pretty interesting like Claude code is

[43:01]
pretty interesting like Claude code is
just working right now. So what's it
done? It's writing some files. He's
written the SEO descriptions for us.
It's written the SEO titles for us. It's
imported the design elements here. Okay,
you can see it's importing the importing
the button, badge, input, separator,
tabs, a card. So I again blind I don't
know what it's doing. All I know is that
so this is like the the billion dollar
thing is doing right now and it will
just be doing it for like maybe one
minute, right? And that like that alone
is what will lead you to a to charts
like we just saw, you know? Well, people
don't realize that sites like Trip
Adviser and Yelp have not thousands, not
hundreds of thousands, millions of
pages. That took billions of dollars of
software engineering in a decade of
grinding. And don't get me wrong, it's
still going to be a lot of grinding to
create millions of pages with a vibe
coding app, but it can be done for 99%
less
&gt;&gt; and 99% faster today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And that was the
thing. I'm spinning out products like
daily, right? like the the the directory
the best Dubai like I will probably

[44:00]
the best Dubai like I will probably
build a new one within two or three days
you know we'll re we'll we'll rebuild it
and make it even better and get to rank
even better in Google and so you can
this is where you know Chris a guy like
you is perfect for your type of brain
right someone who has ideas wants to
wake up bed and just execute
&gt;&gt; like this is made for the people who
have ideas and I'm sure you know
everyone in your audience is like that
where they're just like I want to
execute this and then you actually can
execute quicker and prove your point and
demo it to someone faster than actually
just saying, "Hey, like what do you
think about this idea?" You know, like
don't if you your gut says do it, just
execute and you will the the time it's
going to take to try to explain it to
someone, you can just get the job done.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's say that for instance to get
this site up and running takes three
hours of tinkering and vibe coding,
right? It's not perfect, but it's good
enough to hit publish and to put it on a
custom domain. If you wanted to take
that site and you like the look of it,
you like the database that it's pulling
from, but you just want to make like
keto toddler snacks.com. Okay. Or
something entirely different like horse

[45:01]
something entirely different like horse
horsefeed.com, right? Whatever.
&gt;&gt; How many hours or how much effort do you
think it would take to use one of these
apps to just copy and paste it in a
different vertical?
&gt;&gt; You want to see it?
&gt;&gt; If the first if the first version took
three hours, how long would the the next
site take? because I'm still waiting for
a good reason why people aren't vibe
coding like thousands of directory sites
like not a directory site with thousands
of pages but thousands of them.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so let's say we have this project
here called protein snacks. If right
click and I click duplicate and my new
site is called layer duplicate 10
seconds, 5 seconds. Okay, that was like
maybe 10 seconds 15 seconds maybe. And
now I can rename this to, you know,
toddler snacks.
&gt;&gt; You're done. That's it. That answer your
question.
&gt;&gt; Well, I guess you still got to swap out
like pictures and branding and stuff,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. But that like the features, the
functionality, they all live. This is a
beautiful thing about cursed code is

[46:00]
beautiful thing about cursed code is
creating files like it's files for you.
Like all all these sites like like
facebook.com, it's just a series of
files
&gt;&gt; like just code written inside the files.
Like this is what it's creating for you.
So create an entire application like if
someone says oh I exited my app for like
you know Snapchat for for $15 billion
they sold a folder
&gt;&gt; you know what I mean like that's like
yes there's a database user but that's
like
&gt;&gt; that's it
&gt;&gt; like
&gt;&gt; that is not it's not complicated that
but also it's like you know we this era
right now of building allows us all to
open our eyes and wake up and say oh
like that's it like that is really it
and and now the tools that are available
you can creates so much value as well
with them. It's unbelievable. You know,
&gt;&gt; now the last time I posted a directory
episode, some people in the comments
were like, "Oh, this is irrelevant now.
AI's removing the need for directories."
What would you say to them?
&gt;&gt; No, not at all, man. I think like no,
like we've just seen it ourselves. Look,
by the way, we're seeing right this is

[47:00]
by the way, we're seeing right this is
like live data we're looking at, right,
with like these sites that we just I
just showed you guys as well. I don't
know where it's gone now. These uh
graphs where this is like in real time
it's growing, you know? It's still
growing. is still going up and so man
absolutely not there's like and this is
look US is one of the biggest locations
for traffic for us as well you know
that's like a global market so yeah I'd
say I'd say you know very much like
directories are a money maker there's
always going to be a need to remove
friction to getting from point A to
point B from getting question asked to
question answered right and directories
just makes that easier period end of
story people ask about like AI SEO and
there's many a guru out there selling
like AI SEO courses
But really at the end of the day, good
SEO is good AI SEO. Like it's really the
same thing.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Because there's a misconception
right now where people the obvious kind
of argument is well search engines are
going to die and everyone's using chat
GPT. First of all, that no one's killing

[48:01]
GPT. First of all, that no one's killing
off Google right now. You know what I
mean? Like so we average Joe's like, you
know, in no matter what we've achieved
like we're not a trillion dollar
company, right? So like we don't have
any right to bet against them or like
say anything. Let them let them do what
they're doing and they're going to fight
to protect themselves. Let them do it.
And also the the the space we're in,
we're seeing how volatile it is in terms
of the the businesses. Like you know
Open AI one day is hyping something up
and then you know it falls a bit short
and then Google feels like it's falling
behind and it kills it with an image
model. Like it's a constant you know
tugof-war between different companies.
So let people do what they're doing.
search is very much around and even this
same strategy schema is what is being
used to pull up data inside chat GBT
include as well. So, if you go into
let's open up chat GBT right now and
let's just type in, you know, give me a
recipe for Wingstop Korean Q wings,
right? And let's just see what it comes
out with. I don't know if I put the web
search version on, but let's see.
&gt;&gt; Don't get me started on Chad GBD5.
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. I You know what? I I actually

[49:00]
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. I You know what? I I actually
haven't even used it that much. Like,
I've been using Claude so much, but
people have been telling me it's like
horrible. Look at the what?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is fast internet as well. Okay. So,
let's just let this run for a second,
but let's see. So, this is chat GPT just
giving us information. Okay. So, now
let's say give me your sources.
&gt;&gt; So, iron like such a pun as well, isn't
it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, all right. So,
&gt;&gt; I mean, how long ago did Google add that
feature where it will answer your
question for you without you having to
click through a website? That was
pretty.
&gt;&gt; I I feel like it was not the AI answers.
I'm talking about if you ask like
&gt;&gt; All right. All right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's the capital of Malaysia? And it
would just instead of clicking through
to
&gt;&gt; back then everyone was like, "Oh, like
websites are dead. Google doesn't want
us to click through to it's like no,
websites are doing great."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; GPT has what is it like hundreds of
millions of daily active users. And to

[50:00]
millions of daily active users. And to
everyone saying like Google's dying,
Google's dead, look at go to similar
web, type in google.com.
&gt;&gt; They're great. They're doing fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. stillions of people using
Google every day,
&gt;&gt; dude. And like there's there's such an
important I think one of the biggest key
words that I learned that had a massive
impact on like the outcomes I've got in
my businesses is is two words, value
capture. Meaning like there's there are
times when there's shifts happening and
things are going on where there's a
tremendous amount of value capture
opportunity, right? like you know while
this is all happening right now that yes
there are some businesses that are just
AI rappers that maybe in two years might
be killed by a chat GBT app or a Canva
app or something but it doesn't matter
like right now you can capture an
audience you can get direct your
audience through social media you can go
viral for something just by posting
reals and being engaging you know you
can create and also we underestimate how
many people are on the planet there's so
many people with different problems
they're trying to solve so many niches
within niches that you can just tap into

[51:01]
within niches that you can just tap into
and just create so much value and
capitalize on it, you know, and and not
only that, by the way, forget even the
product conversation like just showing
showing what I've just showed you guys
right now. For example, like this I'm
the projects I'm showing you, I'm doing
as hobbies, but in my agency, we're
doing projects worth millions of dollars
using these type of skill sets, right?
Where businesses will come to us and
say, "Hey, can you build this for us?
We've got such and such problem." I
would go through a process using claude
code and cursor, but the price tag you
can put on that skill set is insane,
right? Like insane. Like there's
projects that we've charged 100 grand
for and they've been done in like 5
days, you know, and that's like
incomprehensible. It's like better than
drug money, you know? And just by learn
just by learning these skills, you know
what I mean? I'm just trying to compare
it to something.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I mean, think of apps like
Cal Kalanly, right? Like this guy in
Atlanta built Kalanley. Nothing did it
like that. Now there's a million Kalanly
clones and then about two years ago

[52:01]
clones and then about two years ago
Google comes out with their own
Calendarly feature and everyone's like
Calendarly's dead it's dead it Kalanley
is crushing it like yeah like first
mover's advantage having a moat having
traction having loyal customers is very
very real right and the other framework
that I kind of just thought of is
&gt;&gt; let's say you build a rapper today that
becomes obsolete in two years but that
rapper was like the first thing you
really built with your hands and it
feels good and it got you kind of
addicted to that feeling of building and
creating. By the time that app or
whatever it is that you built 2 years
from now becomes obsolete, you won't
care cuz you will have you'll be on
project number nine by then. It will be
irrelevant to you. And that's the whole
point. Like
&gt;&gt; we don't build a rapper to retire with
it. We build a rapper to taste
entrepreneurship and to become addicted
to it and then to build things that only
get better in time.
That's the best point I think of this
whole episode, man, is what you just
said right there is like the value of
the skill and the experience.
&gt;&gt; Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people

[53:01]
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and a
hundred other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes. I
said at the very beginning like how I'm
feeling now is like I can't compare it
to any type of thing I felt before, you
know, whether it's building or designing
or creating like building with AI. I
think everyone should experience it just
to know the feeling I'm talking about.
It's like it's like when you experience
something and like you can't explain it
to someone else unless they've
experienced it, right? like any type of
you know experience whether it's
traveling or whatever I think this is
like that which is you've got to do it
and you will you'll feel a very
particular feeling it's like an ignition
being started in your body yeah

[54:00]
being started in your body yeah
&gt;&gt; of like whoa it's like a whole new brain
unlock because you don't realize how
many I how many times our brain actually
just stops at idea and doesn't go
further than that because we already
know within ourselves well I'm not
technical I can't afford to get a
developer and so we just like kind of be
like me and we just kind of carry on and
then if someone else does it, we kind of
look at it a bit jealous, right? Like
it's a nor it's been it's been that
human condition for so many years that
we've got to unwind that. And to undo
that, you got to start building. And in
fact, you will unlock such a new version
of yourself that is confident. A version
of yourself that starts building and
creating and you actually feel like
happier around the I feel like so much
more energized for my family and loved
ones because I'm having fun. You know
what I mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the results are in real time by the
way. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Have you ever heard a story like
on Twitter or anywhere or read an
article about an entrepreneur that built
something that later became irrelevant
and he just like became broke,
penniless, declared bankruptcy, and died
a miserable man? I've never read that
story. I've read stories about, you

[55:00]
story. I've read stories about, you
know, I built this app and then Facebook
like put me out of business and by the
time they're telling that story, they're
a billionaire from something else. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It just doesn't happen.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely, man. And you've probably
experienced that so many times with your
businesses, right? Well, like the you
only go upwards like that, you know, you
fail up.
&gt;&gt; Well, well, and on the the other side of
that argument is the opposite where like
in 2010, I opened an iPhone repair
store.
&gt;&gt; And I was just like counting down the
days. I'm like this, you know, these
screens are be going to become
unbreakable or they're going to change.
You know, technology is evolving so
fast. Like, I got to get it while they
get good. And I sold it two years later
and I don't regret that. And then I got
into the iPhone parts sales business
where I sold wholesale iPhone parts and
I had the same fear. I'm like I'm in the
same vertical. I'm just higher up the
supply chain and these are become
unbreakable. And then I'd read an
article about Gorilla Glass or this new
Otterbox case. It's like up any day now.
Guess what? It's been 15 years. There's
30,000 iPhone repair shops. All of my
competitors that sold iPhone parts are

[56:00]
competitors that sold iPhone parts are
like many of them are still around.
They're crushing it. Like most
opportunities stick around for a while.
And so when we make these excuses like
um why would I build a rapper? It's just
it's redundant to chat GPT. It's going
to be out. There's a thousand recipe
rapper apps on the app store. Like you
need to understand that that's not a
real excuse. That's you coming up with
excuses to feel better about not doing
it. So you can go to bed that night and
think, you know what, I didn't build
that rapper, but it's okay because it
would have failed. So I'll just try
something else. Like no, just freaking
do it. Like it's like $20 a month for
these software products.
&gt;&gt; That's true. They're so like even when
when they release like a max plan like
$200 a month, people are like $200.
Yeah. But you're comparing it to a
Spotify subscription like you got to
look at the productivity value.
&gt;&gt; How much was your tuition?
&gt;&gt; 2,000 a month at university.
&gt;&gt; Easy. And you can learn like that in
like a week now. And and the fact that
if a CTO came to you, you're trying to
hire a developer and I'll go to an
agency and pay $100,000 to an agency or

[57:00]
agency and pay $100,000 to an agency or
like 10 grand a month to like a
developer and they came to you and said,
"Hey, I I'll do this work for you, but
I'll bring 10 of my other amazing
friends who also do this. So get 100
grand worth of value a month, but I'll
give it to you for like $200." You'd be
like, you'd build that person a home to
live with you. You know what I mean?
Like that's literally what these like
services are like. And by the way, your
story reminded me of two things. One is
I think it was at Belkin or Ankerk like
with the leads because when they did the
when the when the iPhone was obviously
out they started releasing you know
their own sort of like you know
accessories and stuff and one of the
biggest questions that he'd get asked
from investors were like well Apple are
just going to release their own and just
putting them in their stores and I think
his insight was so simple but
interesting which was let's say the
iPhone accessories market is like a $2
billion market that's like not a market
worth going for for a company the size
of Apple right and so even by two
billion
market to like nobody is like a $2
billion market. And so you created an
entire lane just by taking a part of a
market that big company otherwise

[58:00]
market that big company otherwise
wouldn't even need to go for go for
because not worth their time. And so
sometimes we like can discount like how
valuable ideas are whether they're worth
pursuing because we just think that
someone else might do it because within
their business you know itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other thing is is I think
like the time we're in is the most
related best to the way Jeff Basil set
up Amazon and not from a cliche
perspective just from a very very like
you know clear example he explains that
when he set up Amazon like he saw this
sort of uptick in internet usage and
then he figured that so much of the
infrastructure had already been built
for him that the postal services existed
you know payment processing existed now
the internet existed and so all he had
to do is kind of like you know put
rapper around them and so
&gt;&gt; dude Amazon is a rapper you know what I
mean in in like a lot of ways and so it
because you're just tying together
infrastructure and so APIs these aren't
postal services aren't credit you have
stripe it's one string of like numbers
that you need to integrate into your app

[59:01]
that you need to integrate into your app
like open AI same the API keys are all
you need to be able to stitch these
things together and be able to explain
to cursor or claude code what you want
to do with them
&gt;&gt; and you can you can kill it
&gt;&gt; almost every business is a rapper and
When you're talking about Amazon, I was
thinking about the biggest companies in
the world that are consumer brands. Back
to the conversation about paying $200 a
month for the the most expensive version
of Chad Gupt or or Claude or whatever.
Let's look at the most valuable consumer
brands in the world, Apple. Why are they
so valuable? Because the products they
sell back to value capture offer a 100x
differential on what it costs versus the
value people get out of it. Right? My
$3,000 MacBook Pro is going on year
five. It runs like the day I bought it.
&gt;&gt; Like how much wealth have I created on
that little keyboard? Right? That's why.
So if you want to think of the most like
they become so valuable, I should say
like the the market cap of a company is
directly correlated to the amount of
value that their products offer people.
So if if Apple wanted to be stingy,

[1:00:01]
So if if Apple wanted to be stingy,
right, and say, you know what, our
customers get so much value out of these
MacBook Pros, we're going to make them
$30,000 because they're still going to
get 10x value out of them instead of
100x. they wouldn't be as valuable.
Period. End of story. They wouldn't sell
as many of them and their net market cap
as a result of this change would drop
significantly. So with that same
framework,
&gt;&gt; OpenAI like four years in is worth half
a trillion dollars. They're not even
publicly traded yet. Their their last
round was $500 billion. One take is
like, oh my gosh, that's we're so frothy
right now. Like we're recession coming.
We're at the top. And the other take is
like whatever they're selling to
consumers, I need to buy because that
valuation is directly correlated to the
value that their products offer. So
whatever the most expensive plan is, I
want a 100x return on my investment. Why
would I pay for the $20 a month plan?
Now, this is assuming that you use it
and it doesn't just sit there unused. If
you use it on a regular basis, you might
as well go to the most expensive monthly
version and treat it as a Harvard

[1:01:01]
version and treat it as a Harvard
education because that's a lot more than
$200 a month.
&gt;&gt; Dude, that's where people like you come
in, man. With like like free content
like this that's out there for people to
get, you know, there's no room that you
can walk into to get that type of
information that you're providing, you
know, video after video, you know,
everything you're saying on this episode
as well, man. That's what it is, you
know, and you can ingest that and again,
you take that then to your point, use
the tools in the way you want to, but
okay, I learned this from this episode,
now I'm going to do this over here. And
like that's how you're going to get your
value by opening up your ears and your
mind and then like being creative in the
way you execute with it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's on the internet.
&gt;&gt; When we did this uh search in for this
recipe in uh chat GPT, I then asked it
for it sources and Guilty Chef was
number one.
&gt;&gt; And so it goes to show that like I've
been hearing people say as well, you
need like llm.txt txt file. There's none
of that in my my thing. I got SEO
schema. It's like you said, some of the
HTML is broken right now. Like I need to
fix it. Like it's even got bugs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just ship the damn thing and

[1:02:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just ship the damn thing and
you're ranking number one on Google and
number one on chat GBT. And so just
imagine if I put a little if I just
worked on this every day and like put
more effort into it. Like it could
there's so many more things that could
probably come off the back of it. But
just with like a lazy approach quote
unquote like you're out doing Reddit or
you know Trip Advisor with a Wingstop's
own brand you know because they are not
even like investing time into the right
content or strategy. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Here here's our protein snacks page.
&gt;&gt; Oh okay we have a product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is our oneshot output. So 50 plus
best protein snacks.
&gt;&gt; Wow. That's incredible.
&gt;&gt; So yeah probably needs a little bit of a
UI work but you can see. That's
incredible. And it's pulling in actual
high protein snacks. RX Bar,
&gt;&gt; Quest Nutrition.
&gt;&gt; It's funny that that number one, the
chocolate chip cookie protein bar. I eat
two of those every single day.
&gt;&gt; Oh, do you?
&gt;&gt; I like I I survive on those.
&gt;&gt; Maybe even those on the call.
&gt;&gt; They're good. They're good.
&gt;&gt; Share by.

[1:03:00]
&gt;&gt; Share by.
&gt;&gt; That is crazy.
&gt;&gt; Again, look, this all SEO content, by
the way. You know,
&gt;&gt; you could just have affiliate links to
the Amazon variants of these. That is
crazy.
&gt;&gt; And then it has then it has a compare
comparison chart here it's made. So it's
done a comparison UI for us. So like you
know which one's the highest protein.
Now now by the way if you wanted to
actually look protein per dollar like
this gone crazy with this. But if you
wanted to like it's got a whole like
lead capture form here.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Protein per dollar filtering. Oh my
gosh. Did you even ask it to do that?
&gt;&gt; No. No. No. That's what I'm saying. Like
you don't I didn't ask it do any of this
type of stuff. Like it just figured it
out. like it just goes off and it just
works because I told it to be like the
best SEO. You saw my prompt like my
prompt was like tiny. It was like
&gt;&gt; what I actually said my words were like
one two four words four like two
sentences.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, but then the framework
so because I installed the framework
from here basically that gave me the
entire prompt for claude code which I

[1:04:00]
entire prompt for claude code which I
just copy and pasted. So like this exact
thing right here. Yeah. this thing like
if I open up a text file this is the
prompt effectively to create that right
prompt for clawed code I don't know how
to write that but the the most valuable
way to use AI is to get the AI to talk
to the AI so you get it to write to
itself you know and so I'm saying to it
I'm going to cursor I'm saying this is
what I want it then goes and does
research says okay well here's what you
need to say to claude code because
claude code is the best at programming
and then because claude code is so good
at programming and cursor understands
that's talking to cloud code. It knows
how to talk to it and it's already
ingested what I want. I've just given it
two sentences and it's from two
sentences has created me this entire
thing. And now from here the protein
calculator.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, it's got a interactive
calculator. Holy crap.
&gt;&gt; It actually works.
&gt;&gt; You could create like high iron drinks,
low iron,
&gt;&gt; high carb snacks, low carb. Like you can

[1:05:00]
&gt;&gt; high carb snacks, low carb. Like you can
create hundreds of variants of just like
the insert, you know, macro
&gt;&gt; nutrient plus type of food.
&gt;&gt; Crazy, right? And like now it hasn't
even created like a single web page for
us. But if I said to create a single
page for one of these, it will do that
in a few minutes. And then if I wanted
to connect it to data again, remember
when we set this up, we already gave it
our superbase cred here. We gave it our
superbase credentials, which is our
database, right? So you go to
superbase.com and just connect it. And
so now it already has a database. So if
I said to it said to it now go into
superbase create a table and connect
live data to it using fire crawl. It can
go do research and put it in my database
and now I've got like live information
that like users can can use. So by the
way let me just show you a quick little
thing here like if you want to change
some of the design. So like no let's
actually say we want to change some the
buy now button. So let's say I want the
buy now. So now micro iterations you can
do direct claw code right. So like these
tiny little things, you don't need to
keep going to cursor. So cursor is more

[1:06:00]
keep going to cursor. So cursor is more
for like building features,
functionality, things like that. But
like this is how I design now. So I
might look at this. And by the way,
another great hack for design is use
dribble. Like dribble you is basically
like a designer's inspiration tool, but
dribble have this hidden page that used
to be public, right? There's this page
that nowhere on the site can find it
now, but the page is still public. It's
for/buckets. And the reason this is such
a cool page is because these are
effectively private folders that people
are creating with things they like. And
so it's like seeing people's private
Pinterest pins, but these are people are
saving design things they like. And so I
go, by the way, for context, I use
dribble religiously every morning. Like
it's a part of just I don't have to
think about it. I'm so obsessed with
like visuals and design that this is
just like go-to. I need to know what
designs are looking like. And so you go
in here and we can even type in
something to search. But let's say I go
here and I type in like, you know,
e-commerce for example. And it will just
give me a load of inspiration pages just

[1:07:00]
give me a load of inspiration pages just
for ecom design. And so I might see
something here that I like the look of.
And uh let's say, okay, great. I like
this. So let's do an animation, didn't
it? But let's say you find a page like
you like the look of. You can use that
as inspiration for your own site. So
&gt;&gt; you don't even need a paid account. Just
copy paste.
&gt;&gt; You don't need a paid account. Well,
what you can actually do is I can go I'm
going to let's see if this works. I'm
going to save image. I'm going to go to
my project. Let's test this guy. I
haven't done this type of thing in a
while. So, be fun to see with you guys
if it works. In here, let's just create
a folder called like, you know, design
reference. And let's save it. And I'm
going to say let's see if you can pick
up the colors and anything from here.
So, let's say so you can see now since
because I've added it to my local file,
cursor is connected to your local just
your computer, right? So look, design
reference has an image in there now.
That image I just added. So I'm going to
say I've added a folder to the project
called design reference with an image
ref in it. I want you to take

[1:08:02]
ref in it. I want you to take
inspiration from this UI and apply it to
the products grid UI. So we want to see
if it can change this design based on
this inspiration. So look, it will read
the image now. So it'll find the image
there. It's reading the design image
reading image. So Claude code can do
that. We can actually look at the image
visually, right? And it can try and
figure out what's in there. Now we'll
just now we'll look at this page. So
this is a this is why designing like
this is so cool is because everything
happens live. So you can go and find
inspiration. You can put it in a folder
and just tell Claude code what you want
and we'll see what it does and what it
comes out like. There you go. So, they
just updated the design for us.
&gt;&gt; So, it took this inspiration here that
sent it. They picked out the key
components. So, the the colors and
everything and then, you know, still
applying some design styles here, but
it's trying to copy as much of that as
possible to get it to match what we saw.
So, you can just like throw in design
inspiration as well, like you know, and

[1:09:00]
inspiration as well, like you know, and
it'll just copy things. And so, let's
just let me just stop it there for a
minute and just show you something. If I
said, you know, change add to cart
button to red and make borders square.
Look, it's also change the borders in
other areas as well based on Yeah, it
just automatically just tries to figure
out how to match the styles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, wanted square borders on the add
to cart page. I wanted the square
borders on add to cart button.
&gt;&gt; So, if it makes mistakes, you can also
say to it, oh, I didn't want you to do
that. I wanted you to do this. and it
will just say oh sorry we can undo
changes or whatever see that it's just
applied it to these pages these buttons
but this is how I've designed this
entire like platform so like you know
everything here has been designed just
using this type of like you know way of
speaking to it and iterating yeah man
it's just it's nuts but you could just
take this now I build out a whole
directory
&gt;&gt; that's so good like I just want to like
&gt;&gt; cancel I just like Susan cancel my calls
I'm building I I don't I don't even know
a Susan but if I had an inperson

[1:10:00]
a Susan but if I had an inperson
assistant had a season.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Susan. Yeah, dude. You've
overd delivered. This is really good.
This is This is going to be a banger.
Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Where should people find you or whatever
you're building?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, man. You can go to 5dayprint.com,
use the number five if if you want to do
anything the stuff I just showed you,
like, you know, you can get just go to
new project. Just sign up there and you
can just, you know, generate your own
project and get that oneliner and you're
good to go. and then
school.com5dayprint.
I'll give you the links as well, but
like those are two areas that you can
jump in on and and just connect with me.
&gt;&gt; We'll link to it
&gt;&gt; for sure. I appreciate you, man. Thank
you so much.
&gt;&gt; All right, what' you think? Please share
it with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner