[00:00]
First I engage, then I figure out what
to do. I call that the Rockefeller
principle. Have you failed at least
twice as much as any reasonable person
could expect before you decide to move
on at least twice as much. But zeal had
a specific meaning in ancient Greek.
Zeal is a pain that is felt when we see
in others great and admirable
accomplishments that we are capable of
but do not yet have. Don't assume that
you have one passion in life and that
when you find it, there's nothing else
you can do. But you should follow
passion. When you find something that
you love, then doing it gives you energy
rather than taking energy. It's like a
perpetual energy machine. We have more
than enough everything. We just have a
lack of vision. You would be shocked at
how much you can get done with vision
and nothing else.
We're zooming out a little bit today.
And if you stick around, I promise
you're going to be extremely inspired
and motivated to get off your butt and
to do something. I interviewed my friend
Ben who has a podcast that does nothing
except dives deep on some of the
greatest world leaders, conquerors,

[01:01]
greatest world leaders, conquerors,
business people, CEOs, exceptional
people that this world has ever known.
And we break down today all the
commonalities that he sees between all
of them from Julius Caesar to Steve Jobs
and everyone in between. What is their
playbook? What did they do differently
that we can learn from today? So, if
you've ever been curious about what
separates the good from the great, you
will learn it in this podcast. Please
enjoy. What are like some common
threads? So, first of all, like you
profile business leaders, world leaders,
like people in the arts. What would you
say the buckets are of the people that
you profile on your podcast?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was actually just thinking about
this. I would say the big buckets are
entrepreneurs slashinventors,
innovators, conquerors, and artists. You
could break those down into smaller
categories, but those are kind of the
three bread and butter. What ties all
three of those categories together? What
traits?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, on the most basic, what
traits ties them together? I would say,
you know, there are a few, right? But
but the one that I've been thinking

[02:01]
but the one that I've been thinking
about a lot recently is communication at
scale because you don't become great by
working hard. You become great by
getting other people to work hard.
&gt;&gt; What a good oneliner. I need to like
marinate on that. the amount you can
produce as a single person no matter how
great you are at what you do is is very
very small right you you become great by
inspiring others and by being a leader I
mean leadership is really what connects
all of them right and I think that is
very true I mean artists what they do is
communication at scale right which is
why I think it's the one that people
think kind of seems less intuitive than
the others for taking over the world but
I think they share that trait right that
is exactly what they do they communicate
at scale they leave they inspire others.
So I think people don't understand the
extent to which that is true. You look
at someone like Julius Caesar and he is
the best or the second best depending on
how you want to define it but either the
best or the second best writer of his
day. It's either him or Cicero, right?

[03:00]
day. It's either him or Cicero, right?
Great great writer. You look at Napoleon
and the way that he got his start was
actually not with a battle. It was by
writing this pamphlet. He he wrote this
this political pamphlet and it gets the
attention of people in Paris of the
revolutionary government and they say
hey this guy's smart look at this they
start passing it around and Robes Pierre
says hey let's give this guy a shot
that's how he gets a start same thing
with Alexander Hamilton so like great
great leaders no matter the domain learn
to communicate effectively at scale
whether that's through writing whether
that's through public speaking they have
a way to communicate with and inspire
others
&gt;&gt; man I've just never I've never tied
communication to like wealth in this
case I just can't think of an exception
where you wouldn't need to excel at
that. Like I'm just thinking of the 33
million businesses, not small, the 33
million businesses in America, like 30
or 32 of them have zero employees. It's
why because most of them are not great
in this sense in in the context of this
conversation. They don't know how to
communicate well enough to scale their
idea, to scale their processes. You hear

[04:01]
idea, to scale their processes. You hear
him saying things like, "Nobody wants to
work anymore." Like maybe you saw that
viral tweet with this guy went to
newspapers.com and he searched for the
phrase nobody wants to work anymore. And
we've been saying that since newspapers
were invented. You know, we still want
to work. You just can't communicate what
you want them to do or what you need
them to do. Or what's that quote where
it's like if you want to build a ship,
don't drum up people to collect wood and
don't assign them tasks and work, but
rather teach them to long for the
endless immensity of the sea.
&gt;&gt; Who's that by? Antoine de Saint ex I
don't even want to try to say his last
name.
&gt;&gt; Some French author.
&gt;&gt; French author. Yeah, that's great. I
mean that's that's exactly right. So you
think about someone like Steve Jobs,
right? And what he was so good at among
other things you read if if you've read
that book make something wonderful.
Steve Jobs in his own words just an
entire book of his interviews, his
emails, him in his own own words. And
one of the things he's so great at is
capturing the context of what he's

[05:02]
capturing the context of what he's
trying to do. He he talks about things
like, have you heard the bicycle of the
mind quote?
He's talking, this is in the 1970s and
Apple, it's either Apple one or Apple 2
is launching. And so the idea of a
personal computer is not obvious. And so
he's on this interview and they're
saying, you know, why why a personal
computer? Why should people even want a
computer? and he talks about he was
reading in in some magazine that they
measured the efficiency of various
animals. In other words, calories spent
per mile moved and humans are nowhere
near the top. We're not in the top 20 in
terms of efficiency of movement. Uh some
swallow is number one, some bird. And he
says, but if you put a human on a
bicycle, they shoot up to number one.
They have the most efficient movement of
any animal in the world. and he says, "A
computer is just a bicycle for the
mind."
&gt;&gt; And it's such a good job of
communicating in one little story the

[06:00]
communicating in one little story the
value of a personal computer.
&gt;&gt; And he's doing exactly what you're
saying. He's not telling people to go
chop the wood. He is getting people
excited about the vastness of the sea.
&gt;&gt; He's describing it in a way that they'll
un understand or comprehend using an
analogy in this case. Oh man, that is so
good. Why do people like Elon Musk find
so much success when he's like
admittedly has on the autism spectrum
and is kind of a jerk sometimes and is
very blunt and kicks people out of the
room. Like how does that translate to
this point that you're making?
&gt;&gt; Well, I I think if you look at someone
like Elon in particular, he is great at
this, right? He found SpaceX because he
wants to go to Mars. And so you get some
of the best rocket scientists in the
world who frankly probably on an IQ
level are smarter than Elon Musk, but
they buy in to that big vision. The same
thing with Tesla. Tesla is not just a
cool car. Let's see if we can make a
nice car. It was no, let's save the
world by transitioning to electric

[07:01]
world by transitioning to electric
energy versus gasoline energy. I feel
like that's maybe not as emphasized
quite as much anymore, but that was
really the the pitch and it was making
electric vehicles cool. and Leonardo
DiCaprio and and George Clooney are
buying early Teslas because they buy
into this early vision and so he is kind
of autism spectrum and you listen to him
talk and he's not a great public speaker
and yet he has you know this is why he
is one of the world's most prolific
tweeters because he is great at
communication at scale he is great at
getting that vision across he's just
learn to work within those limitations
of not being a great public speaker and
I you you can see that across many many
people. You don't need to be a great
communicator across every medium. You
just need to find one way that's really
effective for you that you can get your
vision across.
&gt;&gt; I find that very encouraging because I
I'm an introvert and I do best with the
written word. So, a lot of times if I
need to have a difficult conversation
with someone, I will just I'll write
them an email that's a mile long, right?

[08:00]
them an email that's a mile long, right?
And I'll rewrite it and I'll reread it
and rewrite it. And by the time I send
that email, it is the most beautiful
piece of pros that you've ever seen,
right? And it's like if it's a if I'm
telling them something hard or
difficult, I'll soften it and I'll
smooth it and I'll make an analogy and
it's kind of like this and it's kind of
like that. But if I just have like an on
the spot argument or conversation with
someone, I'm not great. You know, I'm
not that's not my wheelhouse. And so I
do find it refreshing to know that like
all right, even the best communicators
that have ever lived may not have been
great with different mediums, right? And
so they just over time they gravitated
to the medium that was their bigger
strength. Yeah, that that's exactly
right. I mean, you can look at like
Julius Caesar. Actually, Julius Caesar
was a pretty good public speaker as
well, but he was a phenomenal writer, as
I said before. And so, one of the things
he was famous for at the time was he
would be uh the coliseum wasn't built,
but he'd be at Gladiatorial Games and he
would not be watching the games, he
would be writing letters. The most

[09:00]
would be writing letters. The most
prolific letter writer of his
generation, right? And he found that
same thing. He was good at writing and
so he would just write and write and
edit and it was basically through all of
these written letters that he managed
created and managed his empire. Believe
it or not, 67% of the people that watch
my YouTube videos don't subscribe to me
and over 90% think that they're
subscribed to me. So, do me a quick
favor and check that you're subscribed
to me. If you're not, please do. It
would mean a lot. Have you noticed a
correlation between like childhood
events and how someone turned out? like
basically what happened before they were
15 years old. Is there a correlation
there?
&gt;&gt; You don't have the desire to take over
the world if you're a completely
welladjusted normal happy person. The
way I phrased it is that people who
achieve great things are often what I
call insider outsiders. So they are in
some way an insider. They they do have
access to the highest levels of of
authority. They have great
opportunities, but in some ways they're
an outsider. So you look at someone like
Napoleon. Napoleon comes from a family

[10:02]
Napoleon. Napoleon comes from a family
of nobility, but very minor nobility.
He's not even French. He's Italian. He
comes from Corsica, a little island off
the coast of France. And so, he's got,
you know, he's got an in with the
government. He gets a royal education,
but he is sort of an outsider. Alexander
Hamilton, who's basically the same
person as Napoleon, same thing. He comes
from a small Caribbean island, Nebas,
uh, but he's also an insider. He gets to
King's College, now Colombia University.
Julius Caesar's the same way.
Genghaskhan is the same way. Even like
an artist like Picasso who his father is
an artist and so he comes up with a
great artistic education but where does
he make his way? Not in Madrid, not in
Barcelona. He starts in Barcelona but
it's in Paris, right? Where he is sort
of an outsider and so they do have this
kind of common background of insider
outsiders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Are they trying to prove
themselves like in that in that new
sphere or is there a chip on their
shoulder that they're driven by?
&gt;&gt; Yes, there often is. But I don't want to
overstate that too much. It's very

[11:00]
overstate that too much. It's very
obvious that they are. But sometimes I
think these people are just addicts. So
you look at someone like Thomas Edison.
He did have a hard upbringing and his
father was kind of hard on him. But I
don't know. I don't know how far that
can take you and how far it took him of
like trying to prove daddy wrong. To me,
you look at Thomas Edison and it's just
someone who's addicted to inventing. He
just loves it the the way that like
someone on the street is addicted to
heroin.
&gt;&gt; I'm addicted to starting businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He he um he's reading
this biography of Michael Faraday who's
a great inventor from the generation
previous. At the time he's unmarried.
He's a telegraph operator. And so he
kind of travels around and he bors with
other telegraph operators. And so they
get back from a late night of working
and his roommate goes to bed and he's
reading his biography of Michael
Faraday. Comes out in the morning.
Edison's still awake still reading the
same biography of Faraday. Throws down
the biography in disgust and says, "You
know, I'm already 23 and I haven't
accomplished as much as Faraday. I'm
going to hustle and uh from that is when
his entire perspective changes and you

[12:03]
his entire perspective changes and you
can look at letters from his family from
like the year after and they're worried
about him. You can look at pictures from
him. He's gone. He's clearly not taking
care of himself. He's not bathing. He's
selling his possessions in order to fund
his habit of like getting more wood,
more wiring, more components to invent
with. like this is a person if you
substitute inventing with anything else
it'd be very clear what he is which is
an addict like a literal addict and so I
think that is often I think people want
to look for childhood traumas because it
makes a nice a nice movie and that can
be the case but I think more often than
not these people are literally just
addicts to what they do and that
addiction that obsession
&gt;&gt; is what drives them over the top to
become you know these these great larger
than life figures and achieve
&gt;&gt; and there's a trade-off right that
addiction could manifest it in not like
not having a good family or having seven
different spouses or being addicted to
alcohol also drugs
&gt;&gt; there and I think that's one of the

[13:00]
&gt;&gt; there and I think that's one of the
things to that's troublesome about our
era is that great personalities are
addictive personalities and we have
never lived in a time period where it's
more easy to get addicted to
unproductive things right these are
these are addicts to productive things
and so it's the type of personality who
you know I grew up in the Bay Area and
you would sometimes s meet these
homeless people and you would hear their
story and it's like yeah I have a PhD in
physics from Berkeley and now this guy
this guy's literally on the streets
right and it's because it's that same
type of personality it's a very
addictive personality and they could
have accomplished something great but
someone introduced them to one drug or
another and that's the direction that
their addiction went so I think if you
have that type of addictive personality
and and you maybe you could accomplish
that kind of thing you have to be very
careful to cut those other things out of
your life that could be distracting
addictions as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think of it also along the
lines of dopamine where I heard a quote
that was like chase the dopamine that
leads to action and not that leads to

[14:01]
leads to action and not that leads to
inaction. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Because we we talk about dopamine and
with a negative connotation. Oh, but
it's like dopamine also causes you to go
build a house or to, you know, chase a
positive feedback loop and to do good
things. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. I mean you they they do
lab experiments with rats where they can
completely block their dopamine
receptors and the rat doesn't do
anything right. So dopamine is an
extremely important cycle for human
achievement. You just have to get it
focused on the on the right flywheel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How much does confidence play a
role with all these people?
&gt;&gt; Huge. Huge.
&gt;&gt; Is it everything or is it a major
factor?
&gt;&gt; It's an essential factor. It's
necessary. I was talking to someone
about the essential elements of great
leadership and they said humility and I
said that's interesting because I don't
see a lot of humility from the people
that I cover on my podcast. But I
thought about it some more and it's not
that they're egotistical per se but it's
you know we just talked about you don't
become great by working hard. You get
you become great by getting others to
work hard. And if you are not completely

[15:01]
work hard. And if you are not completely
solid as the center of that universe
that everything is orbiting around then
everything flies apart. If you don't
have 100% confidence in yourself, then
you're never going to be able to get the
buyin, yeah, from other people to to
work on on the project that you have in
mind. So, you need to have that just
utter unshakable confidence. Like one of
my favorite confidence stories is
Napoleon, the battle of Moringo, right?
Which is he makes this big blunder. He
thinks he's chasing an army and just
attacking the rear guard, but really
they've deceived him and it's their
entire army. And so he splits his army
to try and chase them. And so he he
accidentally attacks an army with like a
100,000 people and he's only got 40,000.
He quickly learns early in the day, oh,
I'm I'm pretty screwed. And so he's
running all over the battlefield for the
entire morning. Sends a message as soon
as he can to the other half of his army,
hey, come back. We need you. Come back.
And so for the the entire battle is just
an entire day of Napoleon running along

[16:01]
an entire day of Napoleon running along
the line saying, don't break. Don't
break. Don't break. Don't break. Yeah.
you know, don't turn and run because as
soon as one person turns and runs, this
entire line is going to crumble. He
because he has that confidence and can
inspire that confidence in others, they
don't turn and run. So, they they're
retreating the whole day, but they
aren't turning and running. And then, of
course, at the very end of the day, the
other half of his army returns and
they've been pushed off this battlefield
over the course of an entire day. And
then the other half shows up, they
countercharge and they they win the
battle in like a half hour. Again, if he
doesn't have that supreme
self-confidence, then the whole thing
kind of falls apart. That's true of
conquerors and it's true of battle. It's
obviously true of entrepreneurship. It's
true of art. It's true of athletes. It's
true of everything. That self-confidence
is is definitely essential.
&gt;&gt; You can't have a half half measure. Like
he couldn't have done that just for like
a little bit and then called it quits
because that he knows they would have
bounced, right? You almost have to be a
little strategically delusional, if you
will, like
&gt;&gt; 100%. That that is one of the things
that you see I call it um strategic

[17:02]
that you see I call it um strategic
selective irrationality. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You've heard of of the hot dog. Everyone
knows the the Costco hot dog and drink
combo, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's irrational. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It's not rational. Right. Raise it 250.
It's still a great deal. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But it's it's selectively irrational.
And all great leaders have that of if
you're just rational
&gt;&gt; in the narrow context, then you just end
up compromising on your values and the
whole thing falls apart. But you have to
have that selective irrationality of
like, no, we're keeping the hot dog and
drink combo to a buck 50 even if it
doesn't make sense. And that's why you
look at an airline like Southwest and
for the longest time it's been, hey,
people finding their own seats is
irrational. This is irrational. It
doesn't make sense. And now they've done
the rational thing and people can pick
their own seats and I think it's just
gonna it's going to go down the tube
because
&gt;&gt; I didn't know they did that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They just they got

[18:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They just they got
bought up by a this private equity
company took a major minority stake and
then forced them to do seat selection.
If you don't have that selective
irrationality, any business, you know, I
know this is for small entrepreneurs,
but you look at like you can think of
great restaurants, something like
In-N-Out,
&gt;&gt; and I would say the amount of man-hour
they spend cleaning the tables at
In-N-Out
&gt;&gt; is irrational. You go look at In-N-Out,
tables are always clean.
&gt;&gt; You think about how much that takes of
of someone's time to keep all those
tables clean. It's irrational. But
that's their values. That's what makes
it differentiated and that's what makes
them successful. You have to be willing
to play the long game and to believe.
Chief shareholder needs to believe in
that mission. And it kind of goes back
to the reality distortion field that
people said that Steve Jobs used to have
where he would just say something
ridiculous and own it. And it's kind of
like Elon Musk saying in 2014, he's
like, "Yeah, self-driving cars will be
ready in two years." Everyone's like,
"You're insane." And and like he might
even know he's insane, but he doesn't

[19:01]
even know he's insane, but he doesn't
care that people think he's dumb. He
cares about his employees and the
mission. Like I'll run ultramarathons
and I'll be like 87 miles into it and
and feel dead and I'll be lying to
myself the whole time saying you're
fine. You're fine. You're fresh.
Everything's good. And I'm lying. I'm
I'm overtly lying to myself because I
need that. There's this great study. I
believe it was swimmers. I believe it
was college swimmers. And they asked
them embarrassing
questions that everyone does. Okay? So,
for example, they asked them, "Do you
ever pick your nose?" Okay? and and they
had like a dozen questions like that.
And what they found is that people who
lied about all these like little
embarrassing things had significantly
faster swim times than people who were
not willing to lie. And it is it's just
like you need to be able to hold those
untruths in your head, that
irrationality of I I know from an
objective perspective that we can't do
it, but we have to have the self-driving
car in two years, and so I'm going to

[20:00]
car in two years, and so I'm going to
will it into existence. I'm going to
believe like I believe this lie. There's
a small part of my brain that knows it,
but there's a bigger part of my brain
that believes it even though I I know
that maybe it's it's kind of my
imagination.
&gt;&gt; There's just so much power in saying
anything with a lot of confidence and
conviction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Whether it's a complete lie because I
could I could say there is a dinosaur at
my front door right now. A real
dinosaur. And I could just say it in the
most convincing way and you'd be like
80% you'd be like that's full he's full
of crap. What is he? And be like I don't
know though. I don't know. He seems
pretty serious.
&gt;&gt; Like I I I really think
&gt;&gt; this is true even of of kind of small
businesses the types of things that that
people in your audience are probably
looking at starting. But you you see
just the guy with the home services
business who really has that conviction,
that belief of no, we are going to be
the best the most professional window
install business in Texas or whatever it

[21:00]
install business in Texas or whatever it
is. We are going to provide the best
value for your buck for car washes in
Northern Arizona, whatever. But they
have this like delusional belief and
other people look at it from the outside
and they say, "How are you galvanizing
people around this? This is a car wash
business."
&gt;&gt; But
&gt;&gt; but he doesn't care about those other
people at all.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. He's just got that delusional
belief of no, we we have to do it the
right way. We have to be the best. And
then they they achieve remarkable
success in those markets because they
have that delusional belief.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, just imagine Elon Musk if
like 10 years ago they had extra
subsidies for selling electric cars and
then they did away with it. Imagine if
he stands up at an all hands meeting and
like, "Well, guys, they did away with a
subsidy. Uh, so our cars overnight are
$7,500 more expensive and, uh, our
mission to not rely on fossil fuels
anymore."
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Uh, it's kind of in
question. We'll we'll do our best. We'll
see what we can do. Like, how would they
take that?
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; He can't say that. He doesn't even
believe that, right?
&gt;&gt; He's gonna be like, I don't care. Oh,

[22:00]
&gt;&gt; He's gonna be like, I don't care. Oh,
you think I care about that? That's
fine. Good. Bring it. You know, changes
nothing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. If someone's
listening or watching this and they they
don't feel like they have that
confidence, like don't tell me it's
nature, like how can someone nurture
that? How can we build that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's one of those things
where uh sometimes action precedes
belief where you just act like you
believe and going through the motions on
some level helps you to believe. If you
don't have it within yourself, I really
think that's the best way to do it. act
like you believe and you act like you
believe for long enough and I think it
seeps into your bones. I basically think
that's the answer.
&gt;&gt; You find your testimony in the bearing
of it, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And now this is like a total leading
question because I'm obsessed with the
with the concept of having a bias for
action. So is that a common thread
amongst all these people having a bias
for action or are some people more
thoughtful about it and more like
they're better planners and that
planning is directly correlated to their

[23:01]
planning is directly correlated to their
success? I think one of the great
examples of bias for action is the
Wright brothers because you know they
they're the first to fly right late
1800s and a lot of people are working on
flight and if you had been betting on
someone to be the first to fly you would
have bet on this guy what's his first
name Charles I think Charles Langley and
Langley is he's the head of Smithsonian
he's got tens or hundreds of thousands
of dollars in funding which at the time
is millions and million you millions of
dollars in in 2025 dollars. And the
Wright brothers are these are these bike
shop mechanics. And the one thing that
they did that was so different from
everyone else was they had this insane
bias for action, which was, okay, we
can't fly. No one can fly. Everyone's
coming up with these complicated plans,
but what is the smallest thing that we
can do? Okay, so you're starting a
business, but your logo looks like it
was made in Microsoft Paint. You're not
a designer, and hiring one costs a
fortune. Well, at least for a good one.

[24:00]
fortune. Well, at least for a good one.
This is exactly why design.com exists.
It's an AI powered logo maker that
creates thousands of professional logos
in seconds just from your business name
alone. Starting a pickleball club, trade
school, white labelled SAS, it doesn't
matter. It can handle anything. This is
the world's largest logo library here
with handcrafted designs that are
exclusive to Design.com and it has 4.8
stars on Trustpilot. Solid. What's
really cool is once you've got your
logo, Design.com will automatically
create you business cards, social media
posts, even websites using your exact
colors and branding. Basically, you've
now got a whole design team in your back
pocket and a really good one at that.
Right now, you can get up to 88% off
your first logo. That's not a typo. 88%
off if you use my link, but only for
your first one. So, don't sleep on this.
Head to design.com/krisker
because your business deserves a real
logo, not some clip art. And so they
come up with these kites, with these
humansized kites, which is essentially

[25:01]
humansized kites, which is essentially
they they go to North Carolina where
there's a ton of wind all the time
because it's right on the on the ocean.
And uh they basically have an airplane
with no engine and it's attached to a
rope and they go to a hill and so they
can just kind of like get a person on a
kite so that way they can feel the wind.
They can feel what it's like to fly. And
so they start iterating, iterating, and
iterating. And they go through dozens of
iterations on kites and then on gliders
once again just kind of getting pushed
off a hill and gliding down. And then
once they have gone through all these
dozens of iterations, they slap an
engine on it and what do you know? It
flies. And so everyone else is step one
plan research and their step one is just
build something, get in the air and
their approach wins and and no one else
is even close, right? So yeah, it is
this this common attribute of they have
this insane bias reaction. Napoleon has
this great quote. It's one of the ones I
try and remember the most which is he
says first I engage then I figure out

[26:02]
says first I engage then I figure out
what to do. So his step one was not like
plan this this incredible battle plan.
It was okay make contact with the enemy.
Engage. Okay, are we engaged? We're
fighting the enemy. All right, now now
let's see what to do. because that was
his his approach. He was always wrong
footing the enemy, right? Because he was
always the one with the initiative. He
he was the one that's like, can the guy
just chill, right? He's always engaging
us before we're ready because he didn't
have a battle plan yet, but he engaged
and then he figured out what to do.
&gt;&gt; Well, I used to have an LLC that was RFA
Ventures and it stood for ready, fire,
aim.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Perfect.
&gt;&gt; What you said reminds me of this image
of what a minimum viable product should
look like. And if you're listening, the
top image is a wheel, two wheels, a car,
and then like a car with a roof. And
that's the wrong way. A minimum viable
product is a skateboard, skateboard with
a handle to a bike, to a motorcycle, to
a car, right? Like what is the base
thing that we can do today to remove
friction and to just if if nothing else,

[27:00]
friction and to just if if nothing else,
like show ourselves and prove to
ourselves that we're making progress
because that momentum just compounds,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. It's it's getting
something in the air. It's getting a
product in people's hands. It's making
contact with the enemy and getting some
battle experience.
&gt;&gt; Do you have any examples of someone that
has been the best in their field and has
not like traded everything for it?
Right. Like the cost of greatness who
had the like the the best work life
balance so to speak.
&gt;&gt; Well, one of the ones that I've been
thinking a lot about recently is Roger
Federer, the great the tennis great. And
uh one of the quotes I like, I can't
remember who it's by, but someone
talking about his game and he said,
"Roger Federer is one of the few people
who doesn't just play the ball, he plays
with the ball." And he seems to be the
only tennis great who remembered that
tennis is a game. I think that's one of
the things that can substitute for this
just sort of maniacal
focus is a sense of play. And I think

[28:00]
focus is a sense of play. And I think
that when great founders, great
conquerors, great artists have that
sense of play, then it allows them to
not give up everything because because
they don't have to, right? Because it's
play. So they they find themselves
coming back to it and enjoying it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It reminds me of me just like
tinkering with all kinds of business
ideas, you know, and just being mad at
myself because I couldn't focus on just
one thing. And then over time as
compounding does its trick like you
build something cool, you know? Let's
talk about the timing. Like how
important is timing when it comes to
these people? Or if you take Andrew
Carnegie and and plop him down today, is
he going to be just as if not more
successful?
&gt;&gt; Timing is everything. Timing is
everything. Like if you want to be Da
Vinci today, uh you know, I'm sorry, but
that's just the visual arts is not where
you're going to make your name as an
eternal artist like Michelangelo or Da
Vinci or even Picasso. And so I do think
you have to find that match of your

[29:02]
you have to find that match of your
abilities and the market that makes
sense right now. again like if you want
to be Genghask Khan, you know, go hang
out in Mongolia and then see what
trouble you can make. But it's just it's
just not going to happen. The timing is
is really essential. You know, history
is littered with people who had the
wrong idea or the right idea at the
wrong time. That's the same thing as
having the wrong idea. Uh h having the
right idea at the wrong time just really
it doesn't get you anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. On one hand, it's like you could
say take more time to figure out like
what you should do based on the timing
of things. And on the other hand, you
could say test everything and the timing
is going to hit on one of them. Right.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right. I think when you
find the thing that makes sense, there's
this sort of natural attraction. There's
this pull that you feel and when the
timing is not right, then you just feel
a continual like barriers, right? It

[30:01]
a continual like barriers, right? It
never clicks. You you think about the
company Polaroid. And Polaroid is called
Polaroid because it was founded on
creating and manufacturing polarized
material. And everything that Edwin
Land, the Polaroid founder, had in mind
for that just didn't work. He wanted to
to polarize windshields and airplanes
and like and all this stuff. He wanted
polarized material everywhere. And it
just, you know, he made some money just
because he was so determined, but it
never turned into what he hoped or
believed for it. And then the second he
finds instant photography, it's like the
world opens up for him and he's just
raking in cash.
&gt;&gt; So the timing is everything.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting because, you know, you
hear a lot about focus and Steve Jobs
said focus is saying no to hundreds of
things, right? And I used to look at
focus in the entrepreneurship sense as
like focusing on one thing, right? But
what if you're focusing on the wrong
thing, right? Or the wrong timing of a
thing, right? Then the opportunity cost
of that focus is very, very high, very

[31:01]
of that focus is very, very high, very
expensive, right? Or you could look at
focus as focusing on the superpower,
focusing on your eeky guy, something
that you love, something that you're
good at, something that you could charge
for. Instead of trying to spread
yourself too thin, I'm doing payroll.
I'm doing my accounting stuff. I'm doing
this. Like, I'm doing marketing. Whether
that's in this business or that
business, I am a really, really good
marketer. I'm going to focus on that. It
brings me energy. It pulls me. It
doesn't feel like a chore. I'm just
recently I'm obsessed with the principle
of focus with regards to your skill and
your superpower as opposed to a thing
that you're doing right.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But I also think that focus
focusing on the wrong thing can be great
because what you see from a lot of these
people, so for example, the Wright
brothers, they get insanely focused on
two or three things before they find
flight. So, the first one is actually uh
newspaper printing. And so, they they go
all in on that. They're completely
focused. The timing is not right for
that type of business in that area of

[32:00]
that type of business in that area of
Ohio that they're in. And then they go
to the bicycle shop and that actually
they do do really well in cycling, but
it's there's kind of a fad of cycling.
It becomes huge and then it
&gt;&gt; becomes not quite as big for a while.
And so, they go through cycling and then
they got get into flight. You can see
the same thing with like Thomas Edison
who has a business selling newspapers on
trains at first and then you know the
next thing and the next thing. So a lot
of times people think oh well I don't
want to focus on the wrong thing so I
need to dabble in a lot of things but
when you dabble in a lot of things you
never really figure out any of them. And
so what you see is these people are
serial focus. They they do focus on just
one thing, but they don't have any
trouble when they realize that the
opportunity is not right, the timing is
not right, or it wasn't exactly what
they thought and they're maybe not it's
not as good as the they thought. They
just leave it behind and then they they
move on and focus on something new until
they find the right thing.
&gt;&gt; But would you say the Wright brothers
were focusing on newspapers and bicycles
partly because they loved it and it
brought them energy?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. 100%.

[33:01]
&gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. 100%.
&gt;&gt; It made it it was easy to focus on it.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. Mhm. I think people
should pay pay attention to those
signals like, "All right, I'm going to
buckle down. I'm going to I'm going to
write all these cold emails. I'm going
to focus on this." And like, you just
get nothing from it. You're not getting
signals that they're working. You don't
enjoy doing it. And it's like sometimes
we watch things on social media and like
I got to stick it out. I got to grind
it. Yeah. Maybe if you directed that
marketing focus on a different channel.
Yeah. You would love it and or it would
be more effective.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. I I can't think of a
single person that I have covered and
I've read about who has achieved true
greatness by gritting their teeth and
sucking it up and doing something they
hated. You can find some success doing
that, you know, but you're never going
to be great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I hope that's encouraging to
people listening to that. Like maybe
it's discouraging to some based on the
stage of life that they're in, but like
we should like what we're doing in 2025.
We should especially like what we're

[34:01]
We should especially like what we're
doing. We have more optionality than
we've ever had.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And and you're just going
to find more success because you talk
about focus and if I were to look at a
single physical attribute of what makes
people great. Is it that they're tall or
they're shorter? Obviously not. Okay. Is
it that they're the most intelligent?
That's a physical attribute. Like do you
literally just have the smartest brain?
And that's not the answer. Actually,
generally the people who who take over
and are the greatest in any given domain
are extremely intelligent, but they're
not always or even usually the most
intelligent. What they are is the most
energetic. They have the most energy.
&gt;&gt; They are just relentless in the amount
of energy. And when you find something
that you love,
&gt;&gt; then doing it gives you energy rather
than taking energy, right? And so it's
like a perpetual energy machine. And so
that's why people who who find what they
love always win is because the amount of
energy that they can dedicate to the
thing is so much greater than people who

[35:00]
thing is so much greater than people who
are doing it for other reasons.
&gt;&gt; That is so good. Like conversely, it
makes me think like, you know, every now
and then we run across someone. What did
Trump call Jeb Bush? Low energy Jeb.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We run across those people and it's like
we just feel tired after talking to them
and it's like holy crap. Do you find joy
in anything? And it's like maybe they
maybe they just hate what they do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and what they do has zapped all
that energy from them. And maybe if you
put them in front of a Rubik's cube or
something, they light up the room like
something random. They just find so much
joy from it. It's like their energy is a
signal that that signals out do they
actually love what they do or not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it answers the age-old question
of do you follow the profit or do you
follow passion? Right. Because I've
heard both argue, follow your p like
that's the old trope, right? Follow your
passion. Hey, when you graduate from
high school, just follow your passion.
And then it's like, no, no, no, no.
Don't follow your passion. There's no
money in that, right? Don't get a
liberal arts degree. There's no money in
that. Well, it's like, sure, not

[36:01]
that. Well, it's like, sure, not
following your passion is not scalable.
Okay? Can you do it forever? Yeah. But
it's probably going to be a sucky life.
And like, we don't live in the 1400s,
like especially if you're born in
America, there's not a lot of excuses to
have a perpetually sucky life anymore.
Period.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. I'm in the middle of
nowhere uh Missouri and I pull into a
hardware store and these this there's no
opportunity in this town and this
couple's making $700 a day selling
homemade pizzas from a $400 pizza oven.
They had so many excuses to be poor and
to live in a trailer park and they're
making six figures, right? Like anyway,
I'm I'm I'm rambling, but we should
chase the energy. Follow the energy. And
like you literally should follow your
passion. Like you might need to eat crap
for a while. I knock doors for two
years. Like that was hard. But like now
I I can follow my passion and I do
because it gives me energy.
&gt;&gt; I think the problem with saying follow
your passion is the assumption that you
have a passion that you have one
passion. I think follow passion is a

[37:00]
passion. I think follow passion is a
better way to put it. Like do lean into
things that you're passionate about and
look for more opportunities there. But
don't assume that you have one passion
in life and that when you find it
there's nothing else you can do. But you
should follow passion. Oh, and you
should you should experiment with more
stuff. Like, you should find out what
you're passionate about.
I just started mowing the lawn. I've
been hiring out my lawn care for 15
years and I bought my own mower and I
freaking love it. It's awesome. Yeah. I
have a new passion. Like, I started
playing chess just like two years ago.
It's awesome. If I never tried chess, I
never would have known that, you know?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Are you following your passion
when you're doing those things? Well, I
think what you're doing is and the
better way to frame it is you're living
a passionate life. You have many things
in your life that you are passionate
about and I think that's important.
&gt;&gt; I'm chasing energy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Grit and resilience. Surely that's high
on the list of commonalities, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My favorite grit story is from
John D. Rockefeller, which is he just
knows, okay, I come from kind of this

[38:01]
knows, okay, I come from kind of this
podunk background. I had a hard family
life. My dad's not around and can't like
show me the way. I want to work. He
lives in Cleveland, which is like a big
is a boom town at the time. And he just
knows he wants to work in a big affair
is what he says, in a big business. And
so he finds he qualifies what he thinks
are the big businesses. Quick question.
What if there were a private community
out there of people that were building
businesses based on this podcast? Well,
I just made it and it's only for
business starters and business builders.
It's called TK Owners, and it's
basically like having me and a hundred
other business geniuses as your business
partner. Also, there's going to be
exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anything with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com, link in the show notes. So
he says, you know, you have to be in X

[39:01]
he says, you know, you have to be in X
or Y or Z industries and you have to
make this much money. And so he lowers
it down to the like 30 companies in
Cleveland that are big businesses that
you'd like to work for. And so he goes
and he interviews with every single one.
And every single one says not
interested. You just have to think about
like what the average person does in
that circumstance, which is all right, I
had a plan and the plan did not work. So
what's plan B? That's what most people
start doing. They start thinking about
plan B. Instead, he goes, "All right, I
know this is what I want." Goes and
interviews with him a second time. All
of them say no again. On his third go
through, finally, one of them says, "All
right." Like more than anything, so that
you'll stop knocking on our door. We'll
give you a chance. Sure. Here, have have
a little internship. And that's, you
know, then he becomes John D.
Rockefeller, starts his rise. It's
literally a straight line from there to
becoming the wealthiest man in the
world. So, I call that the Rockefeller
principle, which is if you know what you
want, and that's a big if, but if you
know what you want, have you failed at

[40:00]
know what you want, have you failed at
least twice as much as any reasonable
person could expect before you decide to
move on? At least twice as much. Like,
just think about what a reasonable
person would say, "All right, now you
should move on." Just two, three times
that much failure before you move on.
So, grit and resilience is like a huge
part. Every single person has a a
business near-death experience. all
these great achievers, right? All of
them have unbelievable setbacks that
they make their way through. And so, you
just have to be willing to embrace the
suck and and fight through it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is like the opposite of
follow your passion. But it's not one or
the other, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't think it is the opposite
because like if what you're fighting
through for is more suck, you're never
going to do it, you know?
If if the pot of gold at the end of the
rainbow is just like another is a job
you hate is just money, I don't think
you're willing to do it. But if you are
passionate about it, then you're going
to be relentless and you you are going
to fight through.

[41:00]
to fight through.
&gt;&gt; And if you find yourself not being
relentless in your job or whatever it
is, then it's a signal that you're not
passionate about it.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, how can someone build grit or
resilience? Like what do you do? You
just go fail. Like
&gt;&gt; that's one of the ways. So both of us
are LDS, both of us serve missions,
right? One of the things that really
helped me was as a missionary, you
experience a ton of failure and
rejection. Like that's the biggest shock
I think for most missionaries is just
the amount you get rejected. And I was
really struggling with that early in my
mission. And one of the things I did
early on that really helped me was I set
a failure goal, which was literally
I need to get rejected
20 times today. And it what it does
rewires your brain a little bit where
you knock on a door and a person says
not interested, slams the door. And
where before that gave you like
it was pain, now like a small part of my

[42:00]
it was pain, now like a small part of my
brain is like
&gt;&gt; check I'm one step closer, right? I got
that's that's one of my 20 rejections
that I need. And so I think that
understanding that rejection is a part
of the process, embracing it as a part
of the process can really help.
&gt;&gt; Especially when you learn that, you
know, every 20 nos equals one yes. Then
it's like, all right, I had 40 nos.
Statistically speaking, two yeses are
right around the corner.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's right. If if someone wanted
to start or grow a local business, like
very specifically, what one or two or
three historical figures would you have
them really just dive deep on? A
Rockefeller would be one, right? Because
this is someone who basically starts
with a local concern, very bluecollar,
very like working with your hands and
you can see how that goes from that to
to scaling the what was the largest
business in the world at the time. I
would say John D. Rockefeller. Who else
would I say? I would say Phil Knight.
Once again, it's it's literally

[43:00]
Once again, it's it's literally
importing someone else's shoes and
selling them out of the back of your van
at uh track meets then to Nike becoming
one of the biggest businesses in the
world. And then I would just say whoever
inspires you and if that's
&gt;&gt; wherever you find energy from,
&gt;&gt; wherever you find energy. And if that's
Alexander the Great and it has no
bearing on your business whatsoever, I
think that's going to be a worthwhile
pursuit. that's going to give you more
energy to like go out there and do great
at your shoe shining business, even
though it has no resemblance to what
Alexander the Great accomplished in his
life. I can't remember if it's Socrates
or Aristotle, but he has a quote about
zeal, the word zeal. Okay? And we have a
certain, you know, when we think of the
word zeal, we just mean someone who's
zealous, someone who's like really
passionate about something, someone
who's fired up. But zeal had the
specific meaning in Greece which was uh
he defines it as zeal is a pain that is
felt when we see in others great and
admirable accomplishments that we are
capable of but do not yet have. There's
this feeling you get when you read about

[44:02]
this feeling you get when you read about
great people especially great people
that you resonate with that you think hm
that's someone who's kind of like me in
character. They've accomplished way more
than I have. But like I kind of do I
feel a connection with this this person
and it's this this insane energy that
that's one of the other things that
links all these great achievers is all
of them have looked to history and found
an example that they were competing with
and that they really believe with and
drew a ton of inspiration from. So I
think finding that feeling of zeal again
he he describes it as a pain. You hear
that in Thomas Edison he's reading about
Michael Faraday and he goes, "Oh, he
accomplished so much by 23. I'm already
23 years old. I haven't accomplished
anything. Julius Caesar, same thing.
He's looking at a statue of Alexander
the Great. Breaks down in tears. Says,
you know, I'm already, how old is he?
He's like 34. Alexander the Great had
conquered the world by my age. I haven't
done anything. And then starts his rise.
You you can see, you know, Steve Jobs is
obsessed with Edwin Land. Everyone has
this this person that they're looking to
this this historical inspiration that

[45:00]
this this historical inspiration that
they draw their energy from. Alex
Hormosi talks about seeing like Kylie
Jenner on the cover of Forbes and seeing
that she was like the youngest
billionaire ever and he's like what
freaking Kylie like how like what did
she do? And he's like oh she had an
audience.
&gt;&gt; I need an audience cuz he he he wanted
to be a billionaire. I need and then
like he went on this war path of
building an audience. You know,
&gt;&gt; while we're talking about inspirations,
I also really like the idea of
anti-inspirations where there are
podcasts that I will listen to just
because they will sometimes pass me in
the charts and I think they're terrible.
This is something Bach would do, the
great composer Johan Sebastian Bach,
which is before he sat down to compose,
he would always like rifle through some
music that he didn't think was very good
because it would start generating ideas
in his head of like,
&gt;&gt; oh, I would do this better. I do this
better. I do this better. And then then
that just starts to juice the Whereas if
you're looking at music that you think
is great, you know, like the generation
before before him are kind of concurrent
with him is like handle. If he's looking
at handle or Vivaldi, he's going to

[46:00]
at handle or Vivaldi, he's going to
start thinking, well, you know, this is
kind of tough to to compete with that.
And so, uh, he would look at bad music
to to get his his juices, his creative
juices flowing. And the same thing like
sometimes, not all the time, not that
often, but I will listen to bad podcasts
because
&gt;&gt; as a podcaster, it gets me thinking
like, "Oh, okay. I can do better than
this. I can do better than this." And it
gets me creatively inspired.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's so true. I mean, I used to
have an e-commerce fulfillment business
and like the the big name was Ship Bob
and they did everything right seemingly
from the outside and I would just look
up to them, man, I should be more like
them. And then there were all these fly
by night guys. He's like, "This guy
doesn't have a website. this guy didn't
and like half of the things that like I
was criticizing him for I wasn't doing
either. And it was like kind of like
this passive aggressive reminder to
myself like, "Yeah, Chris, you're not
doing that either." And then it kicks my
butt and it gears like I don't want to
be like that guy. I want to be like that
guy.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You need to have both
perspectives.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of like in raetball or like in
any like one-on-one sport, you want to
you want a partner that's about your
level. You want someone that kicks your

[47:00]
level. You want someone that kicks your
butt every time and then you want
someone that you kick their butt every
time.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Yes. And you can kind of
if you always play someone that's about
at your skill level, then neither one of
you will really improve.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And it's like it's so true. You see it
in all three that they have respect for
the greats. They have derision for those
that they they think are not
professional and don't have standards.
And then they have this group of peers
that they compete with. You know, you
can think of that with someone like Bach
or Picasso in art. You can think of that
with someone like Napoleon or Caesar in
conquering. You can think of that in
with like Phil Knight or Steve Jobs in
entrepreneurship. Think of it in sports
like every level. You need all three of
those.
&gt;&gt; That's so good. Well, Ben, is there
anything that I should like any story
you wanted to tell that I missed or any
question that I should have asked that I
didn't?
&gt;&gt; I just want to like touch one more time
on this idea of I think the the greatest
resource constraint in the world is

[48:00]
resource constraint in the world is
vision. Like that is the thing. We have
more than enough money and we have more
than enough energy and we have more than
enough everything in the world. We just
have a lack of vision. And you would be
shocked at how much you can get done
with vision and nothing else. And to me
the greatest historical example of that
is Jonavar who she comes along in the
1400s. England has taken over half of
France and the France that is left is
like they don't even hold Paris. It's
just like a little rump state and she
believes that she has seen visions and
she has no experience. She's 16-year-old
girl. She has no experience. She has no
marshall ability. She has no strategic
ability. She has nothing except for
incredible vision and just 100%
commitment to her vision, which is
actually the English are winning and
we're losing and we have nothing. But
our strategy is we march straight at the

[49:00]
our strategy is we march straight at the
English in every battle and all she has
is vision. But it gets everyone
marching to the beat at the same time.
&gt;&gt; It's a reality distortion field.
Everyone buys in. Everyone's behind her
and
she wins. She wins. You know, she's the
one. She's standing right by the the
doofan, the the prince when he gets king
crowned king of France and she has
nothing going for her except for vision.
And I think that's just so true in
whatever you do. It can be the smallest
thing. You can be an entrepreneur with
the smallest business, but vision is the
thing that makes the difference between
great achievement and great success and
failure. So whatever you're doing just
if you really buy into and believe in
that vision I think that's the that's
the difference.
&gt;&gt; How do you flex that muscle? How do you
build that? I think you have to start
with something that you truly believe
in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think start from a
sincere place and then I think you
&gt;&gt; let's say you have that
&gt;&gt; I think you just have to get in the
habit of repeating it

[50:00]
habit of repeating it
&gt;&gt; to others too. I think it's important to
put yourself out there
&gt;&gt; and maybe first to yourself. Maybe
that's where you start but to others.
And I think that takes courage. It can
be embarrassing at first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. to admit that you have you know
like let's say that you are a small
service provider and you do say like no
I want to be the best I want to be the
most professional I provide the most
value I want to whatever whatever your
vision is it can be embarrassing but I
think you just have to get in the habit
of just doing it of just repeating it
&gt;&gt; I mean like imagine if you have like a a
pressure washing business and you you go
to a dinner party and like well what
what are your goals it's like I don't
know like I'd kind of like to be like
the biggest pressure washing business in
DFW. Oh, okay. That guy's going to walk
away from be like, I don't know if he's
got it right. Or same conversation, same
two people. What are your goals for your
business? I'm going to be the biggest
pressure washing business in DFW.
That guy, he might freaking do it. This
guy might just do it. All it is is like
how he said it, right?
But it's it's uh there's a great example

[51:01]
But it's it's uh there's a great example
of this in uh Mission Impossible 3 where
Tom Cruz, you know, secret agent. And so
he's pretend he's pretending at this
dinner party with his wife like a a
traffic analyst. He works for the
government and he analyzes traffic
patterns and he's talking with this
group and these this girl says all these
couples and she says, "What do you do?"
He says, "I I'm a I'm a traffic
analyst." He says, "It's the most
amazing thing." And he's using all his
Tom Cruz charisma. It's it's amazing.
One tap of the brakes can affect traffic
patterns for miles and he walks away and
all the women go, "I'd marry him." Me,
too. You know, and it's you bring that
like that vision, that passion to
something even if people otherwise
consider it boring. And passion is is
always infectious. Vision is always
infectious.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's so good. And if if that man
truly loves his job analyzing traffic
patterns, he's probably going to
describe it that way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if he doesn't, then he won't
because it's not authentic. Right.
&gt;&gt; That's right.

[52:00]
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; So that's it. That's that's my last
thing.
&gt;&gt; Oh man,
&gt;&gt; that's so good.
&gt;&gt; So many clippable moments of this. I
just kept hitting that button on
Riverside. Well, Ben, where can we find
you? Where should we listen to you?
&gt;&gt; How to take over the world, wherever you
get your podcasts. And that's it. Follow
me on on X at Ben Wilson tweets, which I
guess is an outdated handle at this
point, but that's that's what it is.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I uh the Walt Disney episode is my
personal favorite. So
&gt;&gt; awesome. I love that's one of my
favorites, too. I love the story of Walt
Disney.
&gt;&gt; Well, thanks for coming.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; All right. What' you think?