[00:00]
that makes a little over 50 grand a
year. I spent about an hour a month on
it maybe.
&gt;&gt; Jeez.
&gt;&gt; Zero concept or understanding of coding.
I got exposed to expiring domain
auctions. I was like, "Oh my gosh, hang
on. Callers.com." I mean, look at that
domain. You could build some call
tracking application.
&gt;&gt; Golfour.com.
&gt;&gt; Yes, these domains are interesting. Like
this is like the key to the entire
website. I didn't like my livelihood
dictated by someone else. I'd work 9 to5
then I'd come home and work on these
projects in the evening. What are the
tools in your tool belt that you can't
live without?
My friend Peter lives the life. He lives
the dream. He's got a portfolio of niche
websites that just pay him hundreds of
thousands of dollars every year. It took
some time on the front end to build
these up, but today he only spends a few
hours a week managing these projects.
So, I had to know, Peter, as someone
who's been reading your blog for 15
years, following your progress, how do
you do it? What tools do you use? How
can people copy you? He did with onions
what I did with Bies and Texas snacks.

[01:01]
what I did with Bies and Texas snacks.
He just does things, permissionless
things. He partners with people he's
never met. He's cheap like me. He
doesn't spend a ton of money, but he's
patient and he's tactical and he shares
his secrets with us today. So, please
enjoy this conversation with my friend
Peter. I would love to hear this story.
How did this domain name come across
your desk and what made you find it
interesting and end up buying it? At
this point in my career, I I'd been laid
off several several times and that began
to grate on my nerves. I I didn't like
my livelihood dictated by someone else
and if somebody made some and I've lived
through this through several startups.
You know, executives make a horrible
decision and it kneecaps the company and
I'm held responsible. And I had a few
instances where I was at a startup and I
drove like I was in the marketing and I
built a product for the team and it
drove an extra couple million dollars
for the team and they promoted me and
they hired I got an assistant. I trained
the assistant up and then six months
later they lay me off and keep my
assistant for a lower salary.
&gt;&gt; That one really stuck with me and that's

[02:01]
&gt;&gt; That one really stuck with me and that's
when I was like, I got to figure out
this stuff. I don't have a computer
science background. I have a history
degree from Miss. So I was like, I got
to figure this stuff out. I have a
background in SEO, a little bit in SEO,
zero concept or understanding of coding,
but I knew I needed to concentrate on
it. So I started trying to teach myself
to code. Coding led me to start building
sites. Building sites exposed me to like
AdSense and I could monetize the sites a
little bit from AdSense and that started
giving me a little bit of money. I mean,
not a ton of me, 50 bucks a month and
then it got to 300 bucks a month and I
was like, "Wow, this is crazy. A more on
me can generate revenue online." Um, but
there were small like peacemail projects
and the more I kept building at some
point and I always have to think back on
how I got exposed to expired domains. I
was building sites and I realized it
might be faster to acquire a site.
What's stopping me from going into
Google, typing in some highra search
term, reaching out to the owner to see

[03:01]
term, reaching out to the owner to see
if they want to sell the site to me. In
my head, like there's nothing stopping
me from doing that. So, I started
attempting to do that. I'd reach out and
for some strange reason tourism seemed
fun. So I'd search tourism terms. Aruba.
Hooched up for the term Aruba.
&gt;&gt; Buying sites. Do you mean buying domain
names that are just sitting dormant?
&gt;&gt; No. No. Full operating websites that
look like kind of mom and pop design.
Maybe they were built in Dreamweaver and
they hadn't been updated in five or 10
years and but they were ranked number
two or three or maybe number one in
Google for the term Cancun or some
travel-based website. And I could see
within, you know, on AdSense, Google
typically gives you around 70% of that
click value. So I was like, well,
tourism terms are quite expensive.
They're a dollar, $2, $3 a click. So, if
I built out a tourism based website and
somebody clicks on a dollar ad unit,
I'll get 70 cents per click. That's
that's pretty darn good. And heck, I can

[04:01]
that's pretty darn good. And heck, I can
go down to Aruba or go to Cancun or or
go out west on a vacation. So, I started
building these small kind of
travel-based websites. It felt like
didn't feel like work. It was just like
vacation. I'm building vacation
websites. And there's some arbitrage in
here because the owners of these
websites don't know that the cost per
click is higher. You have that
information that they don't have. Right.
Correct. They'd always show I always ask
for analytics and I could look at their
analytics and say, "Oh my gosh, if I got
a 3% click-through rate, 1% clickthrough
rate on these ads, I can make 500, a,000
bucks a month, 2,000 bucks a month, and
their ask price is three grand. Yeah,
I'll I'll buy it and bring it in house."
So, I'd buy the entire content and bring
the domain over. And so, that's when I
started getting exposed to domain. So,
I'd get a deal on a site and my brain
immediately went to the domain and say,
and my brain was telling me, I got to
get control of this domain because if I
control the domain, I control the whole
site because they could waffle and
change their mind, but if I control the
domain and they go back on their word, I

[05:01]
domain and they go back on their word, I
can still screen scrape the information,
pull it over, and rebuild the site, but
I have to own the domain. I was like,
these domains are interesting. I like
these are this is like the key to the
entire website. And some of the sites I
was buying early on were just regular,
you know, just they weren't terribly
descriptive, but they ranked. They were
old, they were trusted, but I kept
coming across these really interesting
new descriptive domain names like one of
the early
&gt;&gt; Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Before you go there, what what
are some examples of some old ones that
that you bought that were interesting
but didn't quite work out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so one was I've since sold this
domain. It was called Travel Envoy and
it was a directory of wineries and
vineyards that you could visit. I bought
this around ' 04 and
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; and then he he transferred all the pages
to me. I bought it for 10 grand and then
I simply just added AdSense to it. Add
it and I did a poor job. I didn't know
how to code very well. So
&gt;&gt; So I added it to the site and then it
started Yeah. throwing me whatever a

[06:00]
started Yeah. throwing me whatever a
grand, two grand a month.
&gt;&gt; And he didn't have any ads on it.
&gt;&gt; Zero ads. nothing on it.
&gt;&gt; So, you bought it like as a business
website and that wasn't even on his
radar. All you did was plug ads on it
and wait.
&gt;&gt; I plugged ads. Yeah. AdSense ads on it
and then and I had one affiliate thing
and that actually worked pretty well.
There was this cool map of all the like
wine varieties where they're sourced
from. And this guy sign up for an
affiliate deal. And so, if you go back
in Internet Archive, you'll see this ad
up in the top right hand side. Uh oh,
yeah. Yeah, you're going to pull it way
back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go
&gt;&gt; 2004. Is this it?
&gt;&gt; This is before I bought it. Isn't that
beautiful? Look at that.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
&gt;&gt; This is This is what you're looking for.
These types of sites still exist today.
&gt;&gt; For those that are listening, it
basically looks like Craigslist. Blue
hyperlinks. Very ugly.
&gt;&gt; And there are still mom and pop
operators out here that that have
websites like this that are very
receptive to straight up offers to buy

[07:01]
receptive to straight up offers to buy
the website.
&gt;&gt; This is before I acquired it. And 10,000
pages on a website, that's a moat.
That's a lot of tedious work.
&gt;&gt; I was kind of spitballing 10,000. It was
a lot. It may have been 5 to 10,000. It
was a tremendous amount of pages because
it took me hours when I did the FTP
transfer. He forwarded all the sites. I
can't I think I did an FTP because there
were so many pages.
&gt;&gt; There was no easy way that I that I was
aware of. So, this may have been me. So,
here top right, that's a link. QPR Wines
paid me. They paid me a few. This one
was like wine ratings. Yeah. They wound
up paying me a month.
&gt;&gt; Is this like a trip down memory lane for
you?
&gt;&gt; Yes, it is. I haven't been it. So, if
you notice this grape to the right of
that was my AdSense ad unit. So, back
then there were no uh AdSense wasn't
including any kind of images within
this. They were straight hyperlinks that
they'd pull. So, I'd always try to add
some kind of imagery. So, that was that
was some free clip art I found
somewhere.

[08:00]
somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Dump it. add the ad on the right and
then included all the normal navigation
to the site.
&gt;&gt; And then wine books. Did that just take
you to Amazon through an affiliate link?
&gt;&gt; I may have left that for him and I just
let him keep all the affiliate stuff
from the wine book. He may that I can't
Yeah, I don't I don't remember ever put
creating my cuz the the affiliates were
so small the revenue shares. So I never
bothered I was making more from the
AdSense. I just focused on AdSense and
and some intriguing affiliate deals.
That little map up on the right
converted quite well. You'd be you'd be
surprised right here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know if they're still in
existence.
&gt;&gt; It looks very intriguing. It looks like
a periodic table.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was really cool. Oh, yeah.
Delong's wine info. It was really cool.
And they'd ship it. They sent me one for
free. Comes in that little just down
memory lane.
&gt;&gt; So, this one was one of the first big
acquisitions I did. I bought it for
10,000 bucks.
&gt;&gt; So, let's talk about the unit economics
of that $10,000. Like, what were you
buying? Was there any revenue from
anything? How did you come up with that

[09:01]
anything? How did you come up with that
price? I don't even know how we came. I
may have asked him what he was
comfortable selling it with. And I
believe he may have come around from
what I remember it was maybe 12 to 14
and I got him down to 10,000 bucks. So I
could use that number and then look at
the analytics and say, "Okay, how long
would it take me?" I was still working a
9 to5 at this. And I'm a big believer of
this. Some of these folks online talk
about this. You know, some online
builders are under the impression that
they need to quit their day job.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And then go all in on their project.
&gt;&gt; Preach.
&gt;&gt; Andreach. I do not subscribe to that at
all. I ran my day job. I'd work 9 to5.
Then I'd come home and work on these
projects in the evening. Also, guys,
real quick, sorry. This is really good,
right? Like Peter's an awesome guest. If
you want to say thanks to me and to
Peter, just hit subscribe and the
notification bell. It would mean a ton.
Thank you. Every day. And I treated it.
I don't know you watch that old robot
show, the Battlebot Show, and I
mentioned this on Twitter sometimes. I
compared it, these two little robots in
it in this death den, and they're

[10:01]
it in this death den, and they're
fighting each other. Which one, my
nineto-5 or these projects that I'm
building, which one can generate more
money? And whenever my little pro side
projects, maybe it never happens, but
whenever my side projects can generate
more money than my nineto-5, that's when
I'll consider it. or maybe when they're
getting close, that's when I'll consider
dropping off and going full-time. So, I
will still working 9 to5 in these
projects.
&gt;&gt; I call it the wing walkers code. For
those listening, I'm showing images of
wing walkers on these airplanes. You
never let go of one railing until you
have control of the other railing.
&gt;&gt; Right. And that's the same thing with
testing side hustles, testing business
ideas. Like, just don't let go of the
thing until you have a better thing in
hand.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because it creates so much stress. I I
see some folks that do this. They'll
quit. I'm giving myself nine months. And
oh my gosh, the pressure. And you know,
these weirdo ideas, in my opinion, don't
come up in that type of pressure tank.

[11:01]
come up in that type of pressure tank.
It's when you're
&gt;&gt; when you're allowed to sit and daydream
and chew. Heck, at 95, you're probably
sitting at your cube
&gt;&gt; five or six hours a day just daydreaming
on different ways to work on your
project at night and doing two or three
hours of actual work at your job. Why
not get paid for that? go home, work on
your project and see where it can lead.
And some of these projects, I mean, they
don't require they require somebody just
to baby them constantly. And sometimes
it's just an hour a day to push it in
the right direction, make sure it's not
going down, and it's fast and
responsive.
&gt;&gt; And you were having a ton of fun. This
was a hobby, correct?
&gt;&gt; This is just fun. And correct, you could
even monetize this fun. So,
&gt;&gt; right. And I was teaching myself to
code. I was like, "Wow, this code
stuff's weird. I'm not very good at it.
I don't know if I have a ton of interest
in it, but I'm fascinated by it. I'm
glad I understand. So, the way I kind of
taught myself to code was I am not a
coder, but I basically just taught
myself how all these puzzle pieces work.

[12:00]
myself how all these puzzle pieces work.
But, so back to Travel Envoy. So, I
built it. I start recognizing this
importance of this domain name. And I
keep running across projects with really
intriguing just descriptive like my
friend north of Atlanta Warren Royal
bought the domain bobbleheads.com
at a domain name auction had no
experience in bobbleheads very similar
to you and me you and Texas Snacks and
me and Vidilia. He had zero experience
in the bobblehead world. Bought it at
auction. I believe he spent 30 grand and
he started a custom bobblehead business
from scratch and he currently now has 15
employees north of Atlanta. I've been to
his warehouse a few times and it's just
the coolest warehouse to go visit
because he has life-siz bobbleheads, you
know, like George Washington hanging
around. And so I was watching what
Warren was doing. I was like, this is
very interesting and fascinating what
he's building. And so he bought that at
auction. I mean, $160. Do you know what

[13:00]
auction. I mean, $160. Do you know what
his revenue is or what kind of volume he
does nowadays from a
&gt;&gt; $30,000? You should get him on the He is
wonderful. Uh he doesn't go on many
podcasts. He He's so heads down on this
business. He rarely he'll show up on a
few domainer podcasts from time to time,
but he's always head heads down on Let's
just use his math. We We produce over
250,000 bobbleheads each year. I'm
looking at his prices. Nothing's under
$100.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So 25 million get two.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; That would be over 25 million a year if
they were each $100, which most of these
are 100 to 200.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; See, and it's funny, Peter, because like
most people wouldn't believe that.
They're going to hear that like, "No,
you don't sell 25 million of bobbleheads
a year." And it's like bobbleheads.
Yeah. Oh, I can I can never get the
domain bobbleheads. All the kind of the
cynical attitude. So, but go ahead. I'm
interrupting you. Yes.
&gt;&gt; No. Like that trap.
&gt;&gt; There's just so many e-commerce
businesses out there. not named
Amazon.com that do millions, tens,
hundreds of millions, and billions of

[14:01]
hundreds of millions, and billions of
dollars a year, many of which have never
been heard of.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I owned an e-commerce fulfillment
company and we would get leads all the
time. Like, I have this makeup brand, I
have this this food brand, this ice
cream brand, we do 36 million, we do 20.
And I'm like, where are you coming from?
How are there so many e-commerce brands?
&gt;&gt; Crazy. In the context of this
conversation, a lot of times, not every
time, it starts with a really good
trustworthy domain name.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, he got bobbleheads and then
bobblehead came up, I think, a year or
two after. So, he owns singular and
plural. He owns the entire, you know,
beach head for this entire industry.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I went to bobblehead.com and it
&gt;&gt; and it should redirect to Bobbleheads.
He tries to redirect everything over. So
when you bought Travel Envoy, that
$10,000 was just kind of goodwill. There
was no really revenue, but you knew what
you could do with it. And that's kind of
how you valued it, right?
&gt;&gt; I valued it based on the traffic. I
could see how much traffic I could
roughly napkin math, a rough

[15:00]
roughly napkin math, a rough
click-through rate for my AdSense units
and maybe some extra revenue from the
affiliate deals. And I thought I could
pay it off within six to nine months,
and I w up paying it off within six
months easily.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. A lot of people are watching
this, and I I know what they're
thinking. A lot of them are thinking,
"Well, this isn't relevant anymore."
Like, you just can't reach out to site
owners and like, "Are you kidding me?
It's 100% still relevant. Is AdSense
brand new?" No, of course not. But
there's there's even more arbitrage
opportunities. I I just bought a bunch
of trees for my front yard and I wanted
to buy them here, uh, you know, close to
me. So, I went to the website to try to
shop around.
&gt;&gt; Cool.
&gt;&gt; This is their website.
&gt;&gt; I love it. I love
&gt;&gt; pockets.com.
And I saw and I'm like, I want to buy
this business. And I go in the business
and like the gentleman helping me is
like 83 and they have this prime real
estate. They've been there for 40 years.
You can't shop online. You don't know
what their inventory is. They don't
answer their phone. And it's like, of
course, this is a much more expensive
version of what we're talking about. But

[16:01]
version of what we're talking about. But
arbitrage opportunities will always
exist. And when you and I are 80 years
old, people are going to be buying sites
from us.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; To do better things with them. Right.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; similar when I did my Videlia project,
the farm I partnered with, no website,
no online presence whatsoever. So when I
started recognizing these domains were
quite interesting, I was like, that's
fascinating. How do I get a domain like
Warren has, like bobbleheads.com,
you know, I wasn't able to register them
in '95. It's 04 at this point. I was
like, oh, I I missed my opportunity. I
didn't have any opportunity to buy these
domains. I the windows closed now. And I
I rarely ever think from that
perspective, but I kept digging through
and at some point I got exposed to the
expiring domain name market. And I think
you're familiar with it. You know,
somebody doesn't renew a domain for
whatever reason, the domain goes back to
the registar and the registar puts it up
for auction for open bid. And roughly
every day 50 to 100,000 domain names
expire. So it's a tremendous amount of

[17:00]
expire. So it's a tremendous amount of
inventory that you can sift through
because at first I tried to buy. So this
is more of a marketplace. try.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What's a good GoDaddy Auctions is a is
one of the biggest. So they built their
own auction platform to sell domains
within there. So if you just do I think
it's auctions.godaddy.com.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Shows some of within the at the
expiring side. All right. So, go to
advanced search right there
&gt;&gt; and then go to type and then do expiring
auctions and then go estimated value and
then go down on say they add uh I'm
sorry on that top search results go down
down a little bit more and right here.
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. And then and then go down do
it and click it again now.
&gt;&gt; Go choosing their own. Check out jtm.com
is expiring.
&gt;&gt; Oh, threeletter domain.
&gt;&gt; Threeletterallers.com.
I mean, look at that domain. You can
build some call tracking applications.
&gt;&gt; Golfour.com.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; that could be a travel website.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. So, this is this is a deep
rabbit hole. So, when I got exposed and

[18:01]
rabbit hole. So, when I got exposed and
this was around 04, I got exposed to
expiring domain auctions. I was like,
"Oh my gosh, hang on." Because I was
trying to buy domains direct from
original registar from original owners
and you know, they'd want I mean, and
they're worth it. They'd want a h 100red
grand, 500 grand. I was like, I can't.
It's too risky for me. And I found this.
This is simply a patience game. If you
simply sit and wait, crownmolding.com,
look at that cool one,
&gt;&gt; dude. You could buy all the interesting
crown molding that the world has to
offer.
&gt;&gt; You could sell crown
directly from the manufacturer. You
don't have to have a big warehouse,
&gt;&gt; dude. You could do the recycled crown
molding out of old historic homes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, man.
&gt;&gt; I know. So, this is this is where I
started looking at them not really with
the intention of building. I was looking
at them from maybe I buy them and flip
them. Maybe I'd try to buy them and make
some AdSense money off of them. But then
some of these other names, Crown Molding
would pop up. I was like, and then
they'd start inspiring me to build
something. I was like, Crown Molding. Oh

[19:00]
something. I was like, Crown Molding. Oh
my gosh.
&gt;&gt; Rentmyhouse.com.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so this I started doing this
every single day and I'd buy some. I'd
buy one, build a small site, figure out
how to monetize it. Maybe it had
existing traffic, maybe it had direct
traffic, maybe it had had a a previous
identity to it and figure out ways to
build on that. So, I'd build a few
there, but it was more peacemail
efforts. And I was like, man, I'm
getting tired of doing these small. I'd
rather wait and find a big one that
expires and maybe just wait. I'm not in
a hurry. I'll just sit maybe and hang
out and just monitor this thing every
single day and wait for an interesting
domain that expires. And that's when
dude ranch.com popped up. It popped up.
Oddly, a ranch up in New York State
owned it. They owned it. Dude Ranch got
sold two or three times and then the
last owner ran it into the ground and
shut it down. Sold the sold the
property. If you want to go into
archive, it's pretty fun to see the old
version of drench.com so you can see it.
&gt;&gt; I'll do that now.
&gt;&gt; And it used to be called Roseland Ranch.

[20:00]
&gt;&gt; And it used to be called Roseland Ranch.
And so they own the domain. They used to
advertise on Wheel of Fortune and
Jeopardy.
&gt;&gt; No way.
&gt;&gt; Vacation. Yeah. I I'll have to forward
you the tweet. I I found one of the ads
that they had. So, I I reposted it on my
Twitter feed somewhere. Here's another
one. It looks Roseland Ranch Resort. And
you'll if you scroll down, you'll see
usually they'll have Oh, you may have
seen us on Wheel of Fortune.
This is 2003 with that. Oh, here it is.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's before. So, they this expired and
went up for auction in ' 09.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So I start I waited when I made
that decision that I was going to sit
and wait almost like catb bird seat and
almost just empty mind and just wait for
something to to pop up that's expired
that inspires me to build. I like the
and that's my first version. I built
&gt;&gt; 2009
&gt;&gt; and I built it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This looks awesome though.
&gt;&gt; I mean I built WordPress. So at that
point I'd gotten exposed to WordPress
&gt;&gt; and I had some rough idea. I had an SEO

[21:01]
&gt;&gt; and I had some rough idea. I had an SEO
and paid search background. love
analytics and I was like okay I'll I'll
build it myself to make sure I can
advertise and then dude rancher started
buying ads from me I was like sweet I
think I can make this work and only then
go ahead yeah advertise
&gt;&gt; how did they start buying ads from you
like how do they find
&gt;&gt; oftent times so it started the easiest
way for me I think I could have done
this via email or phone but they I'm
fortunate they have a yearly conference
every year they hold it at a dude ranch
typically so I was like sweet now this
is kind of killing two birds with one
stone I can start visiting dude ranges
because I need to visit a few to get the
feel of these just cuz I'm I'm basically
representing the industry by owning this
domain. It's it's crazy owning one of
these names and folks will assume you
are an expert in that field. The trust
and authority authority.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With a an exact match
descriptive.com generic exact match is
wildly powerful. So they started
advertising with me from from the

[22:01]
advertising with me from from the
conference and then they started signing
up direct and then I met a friendly
competitor. He ran guest ranches.com and
he and I would notice sometimes a
rancher would cancel me but they'd keep
guestranches.com.
Sometimes they'd cancel guest ranches
and keep me. And I was talking to David
and I was like, "David, hey, what if
what if we uh what if we partner up and
we corner the market or pseudo corner
the market because if they cancel both
of us, they're going to lose about 50%
of their traffic. It's going to be very
difficult for them to consider
cancelling us."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so we partnered up and we did that
for gosh eight years or so, maybe
longer.
&gt;&gt; Wow. He's based in Littleton, Colorado.
So I could always find a Colorado, hang
out at his place, and then we take road
trips and go around to all the dude
ranches nearby.
&gt;&gt; How much did this doium cost?
&gt;&gt; dude ranch.com. So it went up and it was
Yeah. penny delete and it cost 17 18,000

[23:00]
Yeah. penny delete and it cost 17 18,000
bucks basically. Just under 18,000
bucks.
&gt;&gt; And what signals did you look for before
spending a dime on this to tell you that
this was worthwhile?
&gt;&gt; I wanted search volume. I want to fish
where the fish are. So, uh, there was a
lot of search volume for the term Dude
Ranch, but I wanted to make sure there's
an album called Dude Ranch from some
band. So, I want to make sure they're
looking for Dude Ranch Vacation.
&gt;&gt; Isn't that Blink182?
&gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, and then I was like, okay, I need to
really I can look, but maybe a small
percentage of that traffic is looking
for the album, but it's mainly folks
looking for vacations. So, I could look
at Dude Ranch vacations, and that was
still strong search volume. Then I'd
look I'd pull dude ranch Colorado, dude
ranch, Texas, Idaho, all the states, all
still strong search volume. I was like,
"Okay, this is good. I have one side of
the equation. Somebody looking for a
vacation." Then I went to the dude
ranch. I was like, "What's the average
ticket price of a dude ranch vacation
for a family of four?" It roughly ranges
10,000 to 30,000. This is just me
spitballing off the top of my head. I

[24:01]
spitballing off the top of my head. I
was like, "Okay, let's just assume 30%
margin. So, the ranchers making three
grand on one booking. I still have these
rates. I still have 575 as my flat
yearly fee to be included on the site
and it's just a onetime fee. I don't
take any cut of the conversion. I just
drive leads constantly. I have about 60
advertisers. It makes a little over 50
grand a year. And so, I built that over
over the years. Wound up buying David
out of guest ranches. So, I own it and
rebuilt it. So, and it has very very low
overhead. it it has hosting and domain
renewal. And I pay a friend that has
more experience at PHP and and the back
end of WordPress just in case the site
goes offline, it goes sideways, I can
ping her and say, "Please help.
Something's wrong with the site." Or
there's some plug-in update and, you
know, the payment page is broken. Can
you please help?
&gt;&gt; So, I lean on her, but she's I mean,
it's it's only a couple hundred bucks a
year to lean on her, but it makes me
sleep better. So, very good margins.
It's not a million-dollar business, but

[25:00]
It's not a million-dollar business, but
man, very, very fulfilling. But that one
taught me I do enjoy these small,
fulfilling projects. How much time does
it take a week? I'm working on this
right now. I have two other projects,
Videlian Ranchwork, that have kind of
consumed a majority of my time, and I'm
trying to figure out how I can devote
more time or or maybe hire someone to
help me. I spend about a an hour a month
on it, maybe, but it deserves more than
that. So, I'm trying to see if there are
avenues of possibly getting some help,
possibly selling it. Uh, to see if there
are avenues who could do, but I'm kind
of stingy or or in strict on if I
consider selling it. It's going to have
to be somebody who
&gt;&gt; a good buyer.
&gt;&gt; A good buyer. I can't let this thing go
into somebody who's going to put AI
content slop on it or or cover the site
with AdSense. Even though I used to use
AdSense, it isn't built for that. It's
built for leads, for dude ranchers, and
it represents the industry. You feel
like a sense of stewardship over the
industry and you want the next owner to
do the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In a sense.
&gt;&gt; And in short terms, yes.
&gt;&gt; I've been using Beehive for about two

[26:01]
&gt;&gt; I've been using Beehive for about two
years, almost as long as they've been
around. And I got to tell you, watching
other creators stay stuck on basic
newsletter platforms is painful. You're
losing thousands of dollars because you
don't know what your subscribers are
worth. And when potential sponsors ask,
"Who reads your newsletter?" and you
say, "Uh, entrepreneurs or moms?" you
lost the deal. But Beehive has a survey
feature that's brilliant. You can set up
a few questions about demographics and
spending habits that you send them
through right after they subscribe. So
instead of telling sponsors, "Oh, I have
5,000 subscribers." You can say, "I have
$3,750
homeowners making over $75,000 a year
who spend $200 plus per month on home
improvement." And that's proof that
their ideal customers are reading your
newsletter. Go extract your email list
from whatever platform you're stuck on
because it's probably costing you
thousands in lost deals. Beehive makes
migration easy. You can move all your
emails in minutes so you can get paid
what you're actually worth. Head to
beehive.com/chris

[27:01]
beehive.com/chris
for 30% off your first 3 months. That's
beehiv.com/chris.
You'll thank me later. But that one just
taught me. Oh my gosh. Okay, this is
quite interesting. But I always had
Warren, my friend, to run
bobbleheads.com. So I'd run this. I'd
run Dude Ranch, but it's sort of
seasonal, has its peaks and valleys of
traffic. It's like, I still have time. I
was still working 9 to5 when I was
running Dude Ranch. I was like, I still
have open time in my schedule. What else
can I build? Vidilia.com
expires, goes up for auction. I don't
intend to buy it. I write this big long
story on my little blog. But not blog,
my little I write an essay on the
background of of how I acquired Videlia
and I also write about how I acquired
Dude Ranch on I think it's Deep South
Ventures.com is where I have that.
&gt;&gt; Deep South Ventures.com. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Deep South Ventures or you can go
to ask you.org.
&gt;&gt; By the way, I have been a loyal blog
reader for over a decade.
&gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Well, it's mainly I tell
you it's almost therapeutic just to dump
it out of your brain because it gets all

[28:01]
it out of your brain because it gets all
clogged up in there and it helps me to
kind of just dump it out on the page and
then kind of structure it. I have very
short attention spans. So, if it appeals
to me, I hope it would appeal somebody
else because it's very difficult for me
to read or focus. So, if it allows me to
focus on it, it Yeah. But very
therapeutic. So, so if I were to wrap up
the story of Dude Ranch in a sentence to
this is oversimplifying it, but you paid
17,000 for the domain. It was expiring.
You had to 18. You had to be patient,
but you were you bought it. At that
point, you started kind of reaching out
to the industry. You started getting
natural traffic because there was so
much search demand. You love it. You
loved it because there was search demand
and it was high ticket, right? And
that's a great and there was not much
supply meeting that search demand. You
built it on WordPress. You kind of
started reaching out to the industry.
You partnered with another partner
website. And today it does about $50,000
a year from one hour per month of work.

[29:00]
a year from one hour per month of work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct. And I get free
travel and I get to go visit all these.
I've been to 50 dude ranches over the
past 14 years from
&gt;&gt; gosh from Georgia to I mean there are a
few dude ranches in Georgia. I mean
Colorado, Wyoming.
&gt;&gt; That's worth hundreds of thousands of
dollars in and of itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's just it's wonderful
to go meet these folks and and it's some
of the most hardworking. I mean, talk
about a difficult business to run.
Seasonal for them. Some run cattle, not
many, but it's mainly hospitality. It is
summer camp for adults. So, how I
sometimes describe it, but you get to go
chill. If you have a family, you can
take your family and all the kids
unplug. They're out playing in the creek
or going to the campfire and no one's
staring at digital devices. It's
wonderful. You can go trap ski or ride
horses or fly fish, go on river rafting
trips. It's
&gt;&gt; it's one of the coolest vacations I've
ever been exposed to.
&gt;&gt; And we can even dovetail into ranch
work. So, I got ranch work out of which
was my job board from Dude Ranch. my

[30:00]
was my job board from Dude Ranch. my
partner had it and we don't have to talk
long on ranch work, but it's another
blessing where I can help folks get a
job on a ranch, any type of ranch,
cattle ranch, an outfitter, an
equestrian ranch or a farm, and even
dude ranchers. So, I can still I can
double serve my dude ranchers, fill jobs
and fill heads and beds for their
ranches. So, he had it on the side and
sort of abandoned it. I saw it. I had a
friend in Atlanta that built a nursing
job board and had a had a good exit on
it. Shane had a good exit on his nursing
job board. I searched around on
WordPress and there were some
off-the-shelf themes for job boards on
WordPress for like 60 bucks. So, I
bought an off-the-shelf job board theme,
hacked it up on the back end to be just
better like better architecture for SEO.
got out on a super fast server and then
started sourcing jobs from dude ranchers
first and then sourcing them direct from
ranchers maybe on their website and then
slowly organic listings started coming
through and then the seasonality aspect

[31:02]
through and then the seasonality aspect
came back up again for dude ranchers and
then they'd need to hire their crew
again for the next summer then I get a
wave of job listings and then word of
mouth started working and then people
started repeat buying and it started
running and this one has just been one
of the biggest blessings
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And again, this one goes back to
memories and happy. Not a lot of
memories, but it's h I'm helping someone
find gainful employment on a a on a
ranch.
&gt;&gt; And a lot of times it's somebody that
maybe grew up on a ranch and maybe
they're in the big city now. I just
raised prices yesterday. I had that I
added a diamond level yesterday. For
those listening, 100 bucks to post a job
for the cheapest plan. What are what's
the difference between these plans? And
how did you
&gt;&gt; mainly duration? So, uh, silver will run
for 10 days, gold will run for 30 days,
and there's a quick turnaround. I'll
take 24 hours. I hand curate every
single listing. So, I put live in 24
hours because it it goes through my

[32:00]
hours because it it goes through my
eyeballs to make sure it's a legit. If
it seems sketch or something off, it
rarely happens,
&gt;&gt; but if it does, I just refund them to
say, "We're not quite the right fit for
you because we're not going to be able
to drive you good leads." Then we have
free. If it's a ranch that, you know, is
in financial trouble and they need some
help, I like I never want to turn them
away. So, I try to have a free option
that allows them because I know I can
drive a significant amount of traffic.
And I al on this page, I also allow job
seekers. They want to pay me.
&gt;&gt; It looks pretty active.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they do. So, they pay you to put
this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they pay me to extend. And I
filled one this Amy right there. Amy W.
She emailed me this morning saying,
"Peter, can you pull my listing down? I
found something."
&gt;&gt; I was like, and I was like,
&gt;&gt; you helped her find a job?
&gt;&gt; I was, heck yes. August 4th, I found her
a job.
&gt;&gt; What did she pay for this?
&gt;&gt; Huh?
&gt;&gt; She paid 99 bucks.
&gt;&gt; Wow. 99 bucks to get a job. And did you
email all of your job? Like, how did you
promote her?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I I'm listed on the site. We

[33:01]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I I'm listed on the site. We
get 1.3 million visits a year to this
site. So, we get a tremendous amount of
uh of traffic. I have 12,000 people on
our email list. I have 25,000 plus on
our private Facebook job board page.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So, I cross posted on everything.
&gt;&gt; Of all your projects, is this kind of
your your cash cow? One of your
favorites.
&gt;&gt; Probably. Yeah, probably. Right now.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Good for you.
&gt;&gt; If you want a fun one to go into
archive.org, go to archive.org and do
ranch work. You'll see some of the early
versions. I think he just took us off
the ball and it was dormant. Go. Yeah,
maybe a little bit after though. He may
have a version of it on those pages.
Yeah, he probably has. He built it in
98. So, it's a good It looks like that
first like year gardening site. Maybe
some comic sands in there.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like he look he was listing
their first and last names over there.
Jeez Louise. People looking for jobs.
&gt;&gt; But then he pushed it just to a landing
page saying, "Hey, I've kind of shut
ranch work down. Hey, thank goodness he
didn't pull it offline." So, it was

[34:00]
didn't pull it offline." So, it was
still live and active. and he had a link
to another Facebook page that was
deleted at some point. So I said, "What
does this ranch work?" Cuz my my friend
did a nursing job board. Maybe I do. I
was like, "How about this, David?" So
here was my deal to him. I was like,
"Hey, here's what Let me try this.
There's I found a job board theme on
WordPress. Point the name servers to me.
I'll do all the work. I'll build the
whole site and if I get a job listing,
I'll give you 25% and I'll keep 75% for
my hard work. And any money, if I put a
little AdSense on the site, I'll keep
the AdSense revenue. And he is a great
partner. He's always like Richard
Branson. He's like, "Screw it. Let's do
it. Who cares? Yeah, let's do it." Just
like Aries was to me when I came into
Vid I was like, "Screw it. Let's do it.
That sounds fun. Let's try it." So, he
was like, "Yeah, let's try it. Let's
that sounds good to me." So he jumped
in, changed the name servers to me and I
got to work and built the first version
just offtheshelf job board theme and it
started working and it had enough just a
little bit of trust and authority at

[35:01]
little bit of trust and authority at
that point and started driving traffic
to the site and then I started filling
jobs and folks were happy with me and
then I uh the first version of the job
board was trying to force people to set
up an account in order to place a job
and I don't like my rand I don't like
anybody to jump through hoops.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I like projects being like a like a
gumball machine. I sometimes compare
them to. So that was what the page was
right there right before I acquired it.
He was like, "Okay, go to our Facebook
page."
&gt;&gt; If you want to go if you want to look at
some jobs, you guys just talk among talk
amongst yourself over there is basically
what he's saying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You cut this 7525 deal. How long
did that stay in place? Did you ever end
up buying the domain entirely and having
it all to yourself?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. So, if you go to that same
Deep South Ventures, I I write all about
this project as well if you want to hear
the entire backstory. But yes, probably
with David, we had it for
if you go to essays at the top and then
if you scroll down the very bottom, I

[36:01]
if you scroll down the very bottom, I
have like the top I look at traffic and
you can see must ride mule to and from
work location and there that's the one
that's the whole story behind it.
&gt;&gt; So, I think it was I'd have to read this
article again to figure out how long we
had it together. I think it was five or
six years and I could see it was working
every single day. Chris, I wake up, I
look at expired domains and I try my
best to post a job. I like consistency
on my job board to alert folks that this
thing is alive and kicking and there is
somebody babying this site to death and
I like every single day pro hopefully
posting multiple jobs if I can if I have
enough free and paid submissions. So
after six years, David needed some cash.
So I was like, "Hey, how about I buy it
from you?" I think it was 10 grand. I
have it in that article. I'm able to
continue working on these projects. This
is a great year round project where
Videlia is seasonal. Dude Ranch is
seasonalish,
and this one is is year round, and I
like being able to run this one year
round, then kind of move a little bit of

[37:00]
round, then kind of move a little bit of
my attention over to Vidilia when it
needs it in its season,
&gt;&gt; and then move a little bit over to do
ranch in it season. But every audience,
every day throughout the year, I'm kind
of focused on ranch work in this whole
in your realm, the type of stuff that
you're doing with these domain names.
What has you curious today that you
maybe you weren't curious about 5 or 10
years ago? What types of niches or is it
directories or AI tools? Oddly, to your
point earlier, right when we started
this, I'll tell I'll tell you boutique
e-commerce in regards to something you
can spin up very quickly and get
customers. You don't have to wait on
this timing aspect of a directory
marketplace. the fact you can set
something up. Even I'm a I'm a snob on
really good domain names. You really
don't need a great domain. I I lean on
docoms and I suggest.com because folks
default to it, but you don't need an
amazing one. I tend to buy them. But
boutique e-commerce, man, is legit. And
there are so many small niches that you
could run out of a small little you
could run out of your house to start and
then do like my friend Warren Royal at

[38:01]
then do like my friend Warren Royal at
Bobbleheads ran out of his basement and
then when it started justifying larger
expenses. He's got a warehouse and now
he has his own warehouse out in Asia
that is his own custom bobblehead
creating out of his warehouse. but small
boutique channels and you can use search
to justify and it's funny I've been
leaning on a lot of social stuff for
Videlia and man it's powerful creating
really good videos of I created a 30
secondond ad for Videlia and it was
three clips me walking behind the
tractor when we're harvesting me holding
up a Videlia with my hand and then me
walking through our packing shed and
then I just filmed I wung it and I kind
of wrote a quick script and it wound up
being about 30 seconds which seems to be
a good sweet spot. It was like this is a
Videlia onion. You know they're custom
they're boutique onions only grown in
Georgia and we are a Vadelia farm. We
can ship it direct to your door.

[39:00]
can ship it direct to your door.
Consider us. Click the link in bio if
you want to try one of these little
special treats.
&gt;&gt; What are some other examples of boutique
e-commerce outside of the bobbleheads
example that you've seen or heard of
recently?
&gt;&gt; Oh gosh, man. I've seen like individual
this cool one. I don't even know the
name of the business. It was like what
is that little red the little red pull
truck for kids that kids get in, but it
was like a Ritz Carlton version of
&gt;&gt; a pull behind for kids to sit in that
you can pull them behind
&gt;&gt; like a w like a red
&gt;&gt; wagon. Little red wagon. I don't know
why that name come to my head. Little
red wagon, but it was
&gt;&gt; like a Maserati version of a little red
wagon. like individual seats, cup
holders, uh, fancy, and you could pull
your kids around in it. And this guy was
running that business.
&gt;&gt; I'm like, are you
&gt;&gt; And that sells so well with ads, too.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that Andy was his
multi-million dollar business selling
these custom high-end little red wagons.
And to your point earlier, I was like,

[40:00]
And to your point earlier, I was like,
are you kidding me? There is a I was
like, yeah, it would do really well for
in social and you can pull kids behind
it. It sort of looked like that. It was
more looked like a little red wagon, but
like a fancy little red wagon with
custom seats. I can't remember the name.
Maybe I can find it and email it to you
later. But I was like, multi-million
dollar business. I was like, wow. It's
like, what else is out there that you
could
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; add an extra widget to that you could
sell. DTOC is not easy, but you can ramp
it up very quickly if you do if you just
know cursory. So, you don't even have to
lean on search. You could do social and
create some really good video on your
phone and edit it on Cap Cut and get
some good audio and you're off to the
races and it's very inexpensive and
track transactions through Facebook
pixel and you're ready to go at least
test it and see if it sells. That's been
one that's interesting. All kind of food
ones are fascinating. There's a pickle
company I think there I'm fascinated. I

[41:00]
company I think there I'm fascinated. I
haven't bought them yet but they've been
showing up in my feed. I think it's I
love my pickle, but I think it's olive
my pickle and it's a free promotion for
them, but I haven't tried it, but it's
like legit pickles in this. And so
they're touting the health benefits of
these specialty pickles that they send.
So I love kind of foodbased. I mean,
look how well-designed this site is.
&gt;&gt; That's beautiful site.
&gt;&gt; It is. It's beautiful. And so they're
they're touting the health benefits of
theirs. What's different of their pickle
versus the pickles you may get at the uh
grocery store. I think they go into that
maybe down the page like why ours are
different. Ours are better for gut
health. It has all this extra stuff
that's better for Yeah. Yeah. There is
the ultimate gut health bundle.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, let's talk onions.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, this one was an accident.
I monitor expiring domains virtually
every single day. It's just like my
morning paper. I just pull it up. I
started doing it. I just found I never
stopped cuz they're so fun because it's
just like you and I were doing just
looking through the list like oh my gosh
Chris crown molding you can do that is a

[42:00]
Chris crown molding you can do that is a
legit business by the way if somebody
wants to bid on that that is a legit you
could go from new or crown molding from
a historical home I may share that on
Twitter here in the afternoon
&gt;&gt; it only you should and it only has eight
bids so
&gt;&gt; eight bids I mean look at the the
traffic isn't exact scroll up to the top
of the page I can't remember which
column uh there's age look how old it is
it's 27 years It's been owned
continually for 27 years
&gt;&gt; and these traffic stats I think 20 the
20 row or column is reflective of the
traffic that it's receiving. GoDaddy is
isn't it isn't exact, but it gives you a
little bit of an idea if there is some
natural type traffic of people just
typing in looking for crown molding.
&gt;&gt; Crown molding out of historical homes is
a is a legit business. I think people
can't comprehend that that people still
just directly type in domain names. Can
you talk about that before we go into
onions? I got that from Warren Royal. He
shares this on his Twitter feed. He was
sharing listen you don't and no one

[43:00]
sharing listen you don't and no one
quite understands how much type-in
traffic it's one of his largest traffic
sources and it's what allowed him to get
the business off the ground. So when he
started it, I think virtually all of his
traffic was people typing in the term
bobbleheads into the browser. not going
through a search engine and adding.com
at the end and coming direct to his
site. And when he started, he had three
bobbleheads that he was uh selling by
thirds, drop shipping them. And it was
right before
&gt;&gt; it was before Obama, Hillary, and
someone else. I can't remember. He had
three Bob McCain.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And he sold three bobbleheads.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he was selling them out of his
basement. And he started selling them
out. Just selling them out. He was like,
"Holy cow, I got something here. This is
quite interesting. He started sharing
the fact and some of the old school
domainers always share this, but it was
neat to see it because he was sharing
live and or just actual screenshots from
his Google Analytics on direct traffic
from a site that had never been
developed, no backstory, no in links and

[44:02]
developed, no backstory, no in links and
you could see it was just direct
traffic. SEO really hadn't gained any
traction yet. And so I was like, "Okay,
this direct is real." When I got Dude
Ranch, right out of the gate, I was
getting 30 to 50 visits a day from
people typing in Dude Ranch and type in
&gt;&gt; someone wanting a $5,000 vacation.
&gt;&gt; Correct. So, I was like, "Wow." Okay.
What I'm finding here with these great
domains is
&gt;&gt; if I get a good descriptive one, it
gives me some tailwind right out of the
gate. So, I don't have to fully rely on
paid search, Google ads, or Facebook
ads. I can if I want, but if I want to
keep my spend low, I can rely on just
the typein traffic from this wonderful
domain and figure out and maybe ask the
customers, what are you looking for? Are
they maybe I'm providing a product and
they aren't purchasing it? And I can
say, well, maybe they're looking for a
service. Let me maybe offer a service
out here. So, I got that from Dude Ranch
and I started seeing it. I was like,
wow, this is a longer term. It's not
even as good as bobbleheads, but I'm
still getting typeend traffic from this

[45:00]
still getting typeend traffic from this
domain. And I was like, "Okay, type in
traffic's real." No one really studies
it that much, but it is real. And when
Videlia came up, it's a longer term.
Vidilia is tougher to spell. I was like,
I realize it might get a little bit of
type-in traffic, but again, I didn't
intend to buy it. So, I was watching it
just from I was curious about it. It was
up for auction. I was working on
probably working on Dude Ranch and I had
like a different browser tab open
looking at the auction. I thought the
domain was going to sell for like five
to six grand at auction. So the bid was
around 2,000 bucks. So I was going in. I
was like, I'll throw in 2100 bucks. It
was like 19 2,000. So I just threw in I
think it was 2100 2,000. Somebody else
came in 2100. I was like, I still think
this is worth five grand if I but I
posted in 22 and expecting to be outbid
and no one outbids me. And I was like,
"Oh no." I was like, "Okay, I don't I
really I I don't have two thou. I do
have,000, but man, I'll be eating peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches for the next
month."
&gt;&gt; I was like, "Oh no." And and so there's
a timer in these uh auctions where it's

[46:01]
a timer in these uh auctions where it's
it's counting down. I was like, "Oh god,
are you serious?" Like, "Nobody else is
going to bid on this and then it it
counts down and expires and I win." It
and I was like, "Crap, man. I don't have
I don't want to spend 2,000 bucks. It
may take five years for me to sell
this."
&gt;&gt; Was this the most expensive one that you
had bought at up to this point?
&gt;&gt; Dude Ranch was Well, I bought it direct.
&gt;&gt; So, this was after Dude Ranch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I bought Videlia after Dude Ranch.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Dude Ranch was one of the most
expensive. Travel Envoy I bought for 10
grand, but it was a fully developed site
with a lot of traffic. Dude Ranch was a
blank slate, just the domain.
&gt;&gt; And then I built the business around it.
But then I bought it and I was like,
ugh, I'm just going to forget. I just
throw it into my portfolio and keep
working on
&gt;&gt; maybe I'll let it sit and resell it for
a profit one day.
&gt;&gt; Possibly. Maybe I'll put it up for a for
sale page. I never oddly I never put it
up for I just put it in just trying to
forget about it that I bought it and but
it kept it did. This is the only project
I had that that just kept needling me.
It was in my portfolio and I mentioned I

[47:01]
It was in my portfolio and I mentioned I
go out for lunch with some friends in
Atlanta at the time. I'm in Savannah
now, but I was in Atlanta. I meet a
friend for lunch. He's an old, you know,
startup friend of mine in Atlanta and I
was like, "Oh, Allan, dude, I bought the
Fideliaunions.com." Oh, I didn't mean
to. And I'd get the response like,
"Dude, that's a big industry. That is
legit. It is like the
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; know the caviar of sweet onions." and
I'd see people's responses with the
domain and it was you know even before
that I was like there may be something
there but I don't know man so I had it
and I was like well I was like I don't
know what this is but let me just put up
a landing page and uh I'll have just
like an email sign up and say would you
like you know more information about
Videlas it was something rough like that
I think and and then people started
signing up saying hey and I may have had
something hey if you are interested in
having Videlas delivered you know submit
your email. I didn't have any promises.
I was just like, hey, if you have any
interest in having them delivered,
submit your email below. And so people
started submitting their email. And I
was like, well, okay, that's kind of

[48:01]
was like, well, okay, that's kind of
weird. It's like, but I'm not a Videlia
farmer. I don't I don't know how this
works, but I was lucky that Videlia is
only about 3 hours away from Atlanta.
What year was this that you put the
landing page up?
&gt;&gt; I think it was 2014 or 2015. It may I
don't know if it ever got indexed. You
may see the early version of the site
because it was short. I put it up and I
started getting a few nibbles and I was
quick and then I was like, "Well,
Videlia is just three hours down the
road. I'd love to go hang out in Vidia,
Georgia."
&gt;&gt; Videlia, Georgia, correct? In the USA.
So, I was like, "Let me just go down
there for a day." So, I just jumped in
the car. They have a committee that
represents all the Videlia farmers. So,
I called them up and said, "Hey, number
one, I just want to make sure you know
you guys know I'm I'm a good guy. I'm
not trying to I'm not trying to hijack
the name of your industry. I'm a real
person. mess around with big onion,
Peter. Don't mess with and it's a
trademark term by the state law. I
almost needed their blessing to use it.
So, I typically I thought it was
generic, but then I wound up finding out
it's a trademark term. I was like, "Oh
crap, I sort of need their blessing."

[49:01]
crap, I sort of need their blessing."
&gt;&gt; But like, let me just go talk to them
&gt;&gt; and if they get all huffing a puff, I'll
just give them a domain, you know, or
you know, just give it to somebody. But
I went down just saying, "Hey, I happen
to acquire this thing at auction. My
background is building web projects and
sometimes e-commerce, sometimes
directory marketplace, informationbased
stuff. I'm trying to see if there's an a
business here for possibly shipping, but
I don't know any farmers. Like, could
you can I come just come talk to you
guys? The the committee. They were super
just welcoming. And so, I went down and
just met with the committee. Met with
them. And then they when they realized I
wasn't a huge weirdo, they said, "Okay,
let's drive around. We'll just introduce
you to a few Videlia farmers. Yeah, this
is an old WordPress theme. For some
strange reason, the CSS isn't loading
correctly within archive, but this was
an early version of the site. I think
our second or third year after 2016. I
think we were shipping I think two years
at that point. I acquired in o in 14 and
I believe the 15 crop is the first one

[50:01]
I believe the 15 crop is the first one
that we started shipping. Yeah, because
we just celebrated our 10th year of
shipping or 10th or 11th. But this was
the fancyish logo. I was still designing
the site at this point. I hadn't hired
it out, but I had hired a logo.
&gt;&gt; That was That's the rough onion design
that I created.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like that looks like they're
planted.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I kind of I did that kind of that
design, but it's just rough the rough
design that I included
&gt;&gt; and that's the front. The old name of
the site of the farm was Mnt and my
partner bought the farm out so he
changed the initials to A and his name's
Aries and Megan is his wife. So, they
changed the farm to A&M Farms.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so yeah. So they started taking me
around just introduced me to farmers. I
met the first farmer and you know they
had some reps up front then just saying
oh they were like oh direct consumer. No
they like it's they told me quote it was
like it's the biggest thorn in their
side. They did a little bit of it and
they hated it.
&gt;&gt; To you this is opportunity right sweet
off your hands.

[51:00]
off your hands.
&gt;&gt; That means they aren't really a
competition because I know they're going
to treat their customer like garbage.
But I can see where they're coming from
after running Videlia for 10 years. It's
challenging. I mean D TOC is challenging
but so I go to a second farm they were
standoffish and then I went to Aries
third one and we met a few others but I
went to the Aries he got it immediately
he was like yeah I get it and he was the
general manager at that point and he was
like yeah I get it uh you want to ship I
was like yeah I got the site I haven't
even built a really full version of the
site yet I was like here's what I can
offer you I have the name of the
industry and I can promote your name a
mnt at the time I'll build you a website
for free you have to pay me a penny and
then let's just see if we can ship some
onions and put you I was like do you
have boxes? Do you have storage or I
didn't even understand the concept of
because we have climate control storage
which allows us to ship throughout the
summer. I just had to ask like do you
have boxes already here? Do we have to
order so we already had boxes a packing
shed and storage? So he has a crew in
the packing sh that can pack for us so I

[52:01]
the packing sh that can pack for us so I
can just focus on front end and
operations and marketing sales and
social media.
&gt;&gt; He had nothing to lose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So we did a handshake deal, dude.
We and we operated off of a handshake
deal for 10 years and then I had some
silent friends in that deal. We had just
some fun money where I used to buy and
sell domains. So they were in on Videlia
with me in the early days. So Aries and
I just bought them out. I owned like 40%
at that time. They own 60. So Aries and
I came out and bought 100% of it out
about a year ago. So Aries and I are now
100% on the deal. But we operated
Handshake deal. Whether that's the best
idea, I don't know. But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it worked great for us. And we just
trust and it was I mean I my job was,
you know, was sales generation. If I
don't generate any sales, I don't get
paid. And I wanted to be no risk to
Aries. And I wanted to be and I still
kind of treat it this day. I want to be
just some quiet church mouse just doing
my job in the background where he can
focus on growing this very special onion

[53:02]
focus on growing this very special onion
and I'm doing my job and he doesn't have
to worry about me and I don't want to
give him any drama. But I give sometimes
feedback if the customers and he wants
to know if the if an onion was damaged.
Sometimes it's tough for us to see if
the an inner layer of the vidilia is is
rotten. It's tough to see on the grading
line. So feedback from like that from
customers is always helpful if we notice
a certain variety of Vidilia. So I
always pass that information along. Go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; How does the split between you guys look
as far as the revenue is concerned?
&gt;&gt; We're still working that out. Right now
it's just we run the business. I pay all
the expenses and at the end of the year
we figure out what how much cash he
needs and how much cash I need because
I'm kind of the employee of the
business. And so we'll just figure out
some spread. I mean, we we hit we've
already hit 100,000, which is a new
record for us this year. 100,000 pounds
shipped. And it's weird on the revenue
side because I know you're always good
on jumping into revenue numbers and
stuff, but it's weird for farmers. We I

[54:00]
stuff, but it's weird for farmers. We I
rarely share like revenue numbers
because it's it's interesting hanging
around farmers. It's similar to the dude
ranch industry. It's I don't want to
call it tacky, but it's like farmers,
they they don't think in that frame of
mind. This is their way of life.
&gt;&gt; That's what makes it pure. And it's such
a humble and rewarding, you know,
industry. And and yes, revenue is very,
very important. So what I decided from
an early point in that industry, I was
like, I'll just share how much we ship
every year. That's you can share do your
own math. You can figure it out. But it
it's
&gt;&gt; we ship 100,000 pounds. And we and we
we've done that just by hopefully we are
not the cheapest option around, but we
try we try our best to take care of our
customers and we ship UPS has done a
great job with us. So, the farm manages
all the fulfillment and logistics and
stuff and you're just on the website
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well,
&gt;&gt; I just made it and it's only for
business starters and business builders.
It's called TK Owners and it's basically

[55:00]
It's called TK Owners and it's basically
like having me and 100 other business
geniuses as your business partner. Also,
there's going to be exclusive new
trends, growth hacks, business ideas,
and a database of everything I've ever
talked about. You'll find thousands of
startup case studies. You'll have weekly
ask me anythings with me while I'll
answer your questions directly. You can
join now at tkowners.com. Link in the
show notes.
&gt;&gt; I'm website. I have the UPS. Yes. So I
have Yes. Website's on WordPress. And
then I have Shopify for the transaction
shipstation to manage the boxes going in
and out. I have a bad tendency of
putting too much on my plate. So next
year we have a lot to do in our
offseason.
We have a crew now in our packing show.
I'm going to try to I'm still doing
customer support, Chris, and it about
broke my brain this year. So, I'm going
to have to delegate. But I can step away
from the screen and go hang out with
these farmers that have such a wonder.
They're so friendly and just have a
wonderful perspective on on the world
and what what's important and not
slowing down, but understanding, you

[56:01]
slowing down, but understanding, you
know, farming you have to slow yourself
down. And it slows my somewhat frantic
brain. It forces me to slow down.
&gt;&gt; Like most people don't realize that you
can have both. Like business doesn't
have to just be business and money and
profits and numbers and spreadsheets.
Like you can feel good about what you do
as well. And once you I'm hearing like
two big unlocks in your brain. Number
one was two decades ago when you're
like, "Oh, I can make money for myself.
Interesting." And then it was kind of
like, "Oh, I can actually take pride in
what I do and not just move pixels
around on a screen all day." Oh, very
interesting. And it just makes for a
fulfilling life, right? Yeah. And
building kind of these humble projects
where I rarely set goals. I'll just
build a project that seems to have
opportunity and let it it's very similar
to that Bill Walsh book. You know, the
score is going to takes care of itself.
I don't have any goals. I don't have I
don't have some stretch goal for Videlia
on we need to hit 120,000 pounds next
year. We just rinse and repeat and start

[57:01]
year. We just rinse and repeat and start
again next season to make sure the crop
is taken care of and see where it takes
us. If we take care of our customers and
we have a fast site, an easy way to
order and if we ship quickly and we s we
give them a great onion, then they
should come back. I don't need to set
some stupid goal because some guru told
me I need to set goals. I always compare
it to almost like nature like you know
some big redwood isn't setting up some
goal to be 200 feet tall by this. It's
it just grows every single year and and
when it's done and it's top it stops and
maybe then the branches start going out
and so we may hit a top for Videlia and
then maybe the branches are maybe some
interesting partnerships that we can
&gt;&gt; you become more loyal with your
customers
&gt;&gt; more loyal maybe there's an interesting
social aspect to it we could get some
customers through the social channel or
yeah just growing slow and treating my
projects almost like kind of a farming
aspect of just slow growth let them go
as fast as they want to go. I'm just the
the dork behind the screen that is

[58:01]
the dork behind the screen that is
trying my best to oversee everything and
and lightly push it in the right
direction.
&gt;&gt; And that seemed to work well with me
over the years. So, I was like, I'm just
going to stick with it. I don't there's
no reason to change. It works great for
me.
&gt;&gt; I think people set goals because it
makes them feel like they've already
accomplished something, right? So, if I
set a goal, then I've done something.
Well, no. Doing something is the goal.
Like, that's what you have to complete
at the end of it. But just writing
something down is good, but sometimes it
gives us a false sense of accomplishment
and we're like, "All right, now I can
move on." And then we don't actually do
the goal, which is the whole point.
Yeah. Correct. Or you put some
unnecessary stress or pressure on
yourself and then, you know, let's just
say your goal was 120. You only
delivered 115.
&gt;&gt; I failed failed to hit my 120. It's
like, I don't care about these stupid
goals. Or one thing I love about this
story is you bought the domain name, you
spent more than you thought you should
have, and you just start talking to
people and guy number one doesn't get
it, guy number two doesn't get it, guy
number three doesn't get it. With this
story, even more than my Texas snack

[59:01]
story, even more than my Texas snack
story, it reminds me of my Heartland
bread story where I had a friend that
had a bread company that only sold bread
to 200 stores within DFW. People wanted
to buy it online and I said, "Keith, let
me just put an ad in your bread because
10,000 Texans buy it every day."
&gt;&gt; Wow. Let's give them an ad so that they
can tell their friend in Indiana who was
there for Thanksgiving and fell in love
with your bread that they can buy it
online now. Let's just do it as an
experiment. Don't pay me anything. If it
fails, it's all on me. If it succeeds,
we'll split it some way. That's fair.
And it succeeded. And that led into Send
Eats, which led into Texas Snacks. And
it all started with a question. And it
was all possible because I found a guy
that just got it right. And so sometimes
you just have to keep talking to people
until you don't have to try to convince
anyone because sometimes we think of
sales as convincing someone, but we just
need to find the person that just gets
it and that just gets us and they just
basically say, "Shut up. I got it. Let's
let's try to do something here." Right?
&gt;&gt; It's a magical thing. And then this
another similarity is his online sales

[1:00:02]
another similarity is his online sales
from me were like 3% of their overall
sales, but it was like 30% of their
margins because it was direct to
consumer. I have to think in your sense
you're probably a small percent of their
total volume, but they're not selling
through a distributor and then a grocery
store. They're selling direct to
consumer. So, they love you and we have
a direct relationship with our buyers.
So, they lose the customer when they
sell through the chains and they sell I
mean they sell millions of pounds.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And yeah, much higher margin and
we have a direct relationship with them
&gt;&gt; and that's been tons of fun. But uh it
is just yeah trying small things and and
not beating yourself up if something
doesn't work is what you learn early
when you start doing this iterative
process and building projects. I
sometimes call it you know some failure
callous it doesn't hurt anymore. You
keep doing it enough you keep failing
enough that callous is going to form and
then the future failures it doesn't
matter. It just flows off and you're
right on to the next project because it
doesn't hurt anymore. And that's what I

[1:01:00]
doesn't hurt anymore. And that's what I
kept doing. and I kept building and and
and things would break or it get burnt
down or it get de-indexed or or it just
wouldn't work. It wouldn't make any
money and I wouldn't necessarily beat
myself up. I was like, "Oh, let me just
try another project. See where this one
goes." But then like slowly a path
started to emerge. But it took years. I
mean it was 04 is when I started. I got
uh Dude Ranch in '09. So that was five
years of just tinkering and figuring out
what models might work well for me. and
that I didn't buy Vidilion until uh
2014. What was the story of finally
buying onions.com? How much did that
cost and did it did it move the needle
much on your traffic? It was more of a
vanity. So, my friend Warren at
Bobbleheads uh he at first it went up
for auction. So, I saw it. I'll try to
get the short version of this. So, and
this was uh Videlia had already gotten
some traction and I was tweeting about
it saying just sharing what these weird
projects and sharing it on Twitter just
to share it. And the domain went up for

[1:02:00]
to share it. And the domain went up for
auction. Uh somebody had it and I think
they put it on Flippa and I saw it and I
was like, eh, I don't sell onions. I
sell Videlia. It's a boutique product.
You can only grow it and ship it and
sell it from here in Georgia. I don't
sell onions. I sell Videlas. it's, you
know, I don't sell a commodity. I sell
this, you know, boutique product. And I
was like, ah, it went up for auction, so
I just didn't buy it. Somebody else
bought it with the idea that I wasn't
washing the auction that they could get
it and flip it to me. So, they buy it
for I can't reme it was 17 or 18,000,
maybe 18,000 bucks. It's in name bio on,
but it they bought it for 18. Like a day
or two later, they emailed me, "Hey, Mr.
ask you, "We just happen to own this
this high-end domain name." And I was
like, "Yeah, I was watching that
auction. Yeah, I'm not interested." And
and then it was my whole business plan.
They were like, I'm sure they were like,
"Dang, I thought I was going to be able
to flip it to them for 50 or something."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it sits on there.
&gt;&gt; And so about 6 months later, it goes

[1:03:01]
&gt;&gt; And so about 6 months later, it goes
back up for sale on Flippa. The highest
bid it gets is like five grand. Doesn't
even hit the reserve. I see it. I'm
like, "Okay, that's interesting." They
put it up for sale, I think, on BIS by
Sell. almost no takers. They put it back
up again on
&gt;&gt; flippa.
&gt;&gt; Flippa with a high reserve. And that's
when my friend I was at a domainer
conference and I passed my Warren Royal
and I and he was like, "Hey, you see
that onions.com?" And I was like, "Yeah,
Warren, but I don't I don't sell onions.
I I sell Videlas." He was like, "I get
it." He was like, "I get it. But
understand, there's one time in our
lifetime that domain's going to be for
sale. one time that in this reasonable
range of price right now, the next time
it's for sale, it's going to be a h
100red 200 $500,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; if you have an interest in that domain,
this is your opportunity to get it.
&gt;&gt; And I was like, yeah, I guess I didn't
think about that. I was like, you're
right. I was like, I don't have a
purpose for it right now. And that's
what was holding me back. And I was
like, I don't have a purpose for it.

[1:04:02]
like, I don't have a purpose for it.
What do I do with it? And and then my
answer was, I don't care. I was like,
who cares? just just see if I can buy
it. Maybe I get it for a little bit less
than 18. He bought it. So, he had
reached out to me. So, I just emailed
him direct. I was like, "Hey, I saw your
thing on Flippa. I'm interested, but I
can't make the numbers work. Can you do
whatever like 10 or 12 on this?" He was
like, "Uh, I can do, you know what?" He
did the negotiation thing, and he came
down to 15. I was like, "Hey, if you
could do like 15, 14 or 15,000." I think
we came to 15. And he paid escro fees,
which are 200 bucks. So, it was 14,800.
And so I bought it for 14 and I didn't
really have an idea what I was like, let
me just buy it, see what happens. I'm
pretty sure it's going to have solid
type-in traffic. And it does. It's 50 a
day, maybe more of people typing, but
it's a little bit of everything. It gets
some from the satire website. They own
the onion. They own onion.com.
I own onions with a plural. So I get a
little bit of from them. But honestly,

[1:05:01]
little bit of from them. But honestly,
the biggest purpose of that site, it may
have a further purpose two or three
years from now because we may branch out
into organic Peruvian onions. But
honestly, the biggest thing it served
right now is Aries. So Aries has his
email is Ariesunions.com.
And I per that was the first thing I
did. I was like, Aries, his first
domain, the domain they had used for
their farm before they had a website was
m and a ntfarms.net.
And I was like, Aries, I hate your email
address. Let's get you a let's just get
you a better email. I get you
Ariesunions.com.
And so we set him up with an account at
fastmail and hooked it up to onions.com.
And then, you know, I go over probably
at least once a month in season,
probably two or three times a month. And
he was like, "Peter, Peter, I went to a
conference and somebody a farming
conference, somebody asked my email."
And I said, "Aarizonies.com."
And the other person, they didn't have
an answer. Then they said, "How did you
get that domain?" And he was like, "I

[1:06:00]
get that domain?" And he was like, "I
got a I got a web guy. He just got me
the domain." He said 100% of the time.
It floors people that he as a small
medium-sized farmer, we have this
gorilla.com
domain that allows him. We're not the
biggest Videlia farmers, but that domain
allows us to look like the biggest,
strongest Videlia farm out there. And we
primarily use it for email right now.
Everybody at the packingshed has their
own custom email. John atun onions,
peterunions.com.
And we have our own custom, but right
now it's like a landing page that just
gives an overview of the farm. I have a
big thing for our YouTube channel. Like
if they want to go subscribe to our
YouTube channel, uh gives background,
but we may eventually build it out to
sell other potentially other farming
project. We may go down the citrus path.
We may plant some citrus trees and we
may just kind of take even though it's
onions.com. We may just say, you know,
we we farm everything under the sun,
onions included. Just like monster.com

[1:07:00]
onions included. Just like monster.com
used to be didn't have anything to do
with jobs. It was just monster.com. And
onions is like we So we do everything
farming, but it's primarily for email
right now. And we'll figure out another
purpose for it down the road.
&gt;&gt; It's hard to put a a dollar value on
that, but it's valuable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's fun to Yeah. showcase
and put around. It's easier to put in my
Twitter profile. I'll just put
onions.com versus Videlia. Even like if
I'm talking to a customer on the phone
who is trying to visit our website, if
it's an elderly c customer, sometimes
it's tough to type Videlia. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And sometimes they spell with an a v a d
v i d a l i a. And I just tell them go
to onions.com. I got a big button there.
Just click the button to go to Videlia
and it'll take you right to then you
play click the big green button on our
homepage. You can go place an order and
we'll get a we'll pack and ship tomorrow
or the day after. Well, one pattern I've
seen with all your stuff is you always
work with partners, critical partners
that you couldn't, you know, you
couldn't make this project work without.
&gt;&gt; And I didn't anticipate that. I don't
want to interrupt you, but you're right.
I didn't I always thought I was a solo

[1:08:00]
I didn't I always thought I was a solo
builder. I'm a solo build. I'll do
everything myself. I'll put all this on
my plate. And then lo and behold, I did
dude ranch and then I wind up partnering
with somebody. I found Videlia. I
partnered with somebody. I only found
ranch work because of my partner. And I
have found I do look for that now. If I
It's more challenging. I sorry to
interrupt you, but you're you're exactly
right. I was fooled into thinking I was
a solar builder and I'm not. I I work
really well with a partner. It's tough
to find a really good partner, though.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you
want to go far, go together.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But what I was saying is you're like
you're much better at sales than you
might give yourself credit for because
you're selling your partners on this
opportunity and you're doing it in like
a no-brainer offer way, right? Good
salesmen offer no-brainer offers. with
Dude Ranch, it was I I know they didn't
go for the pay-per lead aspect, but that
was one of your first offers. It was
like, don't take any risks. I'll find
you a lead and then you buy it from me,
right? And then that evolved over time,
but that at least got your foot in the
door. And then with Videlia, it was
listen uh like let's just split this and

[1:09:02]
listen uh like let's just split this and
I'll do all the online stuff. I'll be
the distribution, you be the
fulfillment. And then with Ranchwork, it
was 7525. You take no risk. Keep your
domain name. I don't need it. Point it
here, but keep it. and let's just see if
this works. And you had to find the
right people, but you also had to give
them the right offer and you were able
to do that. So, it worked.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is accurate. Yeah. What
are the tools in your tool belt that you
can't live without? Like websites, like
for doing research, finding expiring
domains. What's like a rapidfired list
of tools? I love clicky analytics is
what I use to monitor.
&gt;&gt; Clicky. Clicky.com. Okay. It's better
than stupid GA4.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've never I got rid of GA
probably five or six years maybe longer
than that. I rely on click for
everything. SEO and paid search were
very beneficial to me. Earn learn the
basics of SEO. It can still ignore what
everybody's saying about you know
artificial intelligence SEO. It all
leans on the same principles in my
opinion. It's still going to rank and
pull up content that matches your niche.

[1:10:01]
pull up content that matches your niche.
I don't use a ton of me. I have Shopify
for the transaction for Vidilia Ship
Station to manage our tens of thousands
of orders every single year because I
got to make sure these things land and
our customers get it. And I'd like to
find out that the box has been lost
before the customer realizes that the
box has been lost so I can ask UPS or
just ship them a make good before it
even lands and then even recognize that
the original box was lost. What about
like for looking at domain traffic and
expiring domains? Is GoDaddy auctions
your go-to for that?
&gt;&gt; If an old domain that was registered in
95 is failed to renewed, it pops up. It
does not pop up over at GoDaddy. It only
pops up at NameJet or Snapnames. So,
I'll look at GoDaddy, NameJet,
Snapnames. NameCheep created their own
auction platform to auction their own
names. So, they have their own those
three and drop catch. I used Amaze as an
inspiration to build. I tried to build
on ideas first and I never seemed to get
anywhere. When I shifted my perspective

[1:11:01]
anywhere. When I shifted my perspective
to build and be inspired by domains,
things started working. I was like,
"Okay, I'll just use the trust and
authority from this name, see if I can
build something
&gt;&gt; and let it do some of the heavy lifting
and I can be the dude behind the
keyboard."
&gt;&gt; I like to say the same thing. I like to
start with like a marketing channel and
then work backwards from that. And
that's essentially what you're saying,
right? Your domain name is the the
grandfather of your marketing channel.
You start there and then work backwards.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Other tools. Let's see. So,
it's those are the primary from the
expiration process. There's a site
called expired domains. Is it.net? I'd
use it sometimes, but it's a pretty good
it's a fire hose. Let me pull it up and
make sure I have the domain. It's anet.
Expired domains.net.
And it is just a almost a wall of text
on the website, but you can set up a
free account. There's no cost. And and
they do searches across properties. So
you can do searches across NameJet,
Snapnames, GoDaddy, Namechep, sometimes
Drop Catch, and try to see if a name

[1:12:01]
Drop Catch, and try to see if a name
pops up through those. I'm kind of old
school. I just go direct. I just go to
Drop Catch, see what's up there. Go to
Goody and see what's up there. Do you
think directory businesses are still
viable today in the age of AI?
&gt;&gt; Yes, Dude Ranch is a good example
because my site's providing photographs,
video, background information. So, the
photographs have been helpful and they
want a kind of a trusted source to look
at. What I'm seeing, I mean, the my
traffic's up almost 40%. It was 39%
year-over-year on that project. My
rebuild helped, but AI is helping as
well because AI is making suggestions on
here are some ranches, but hey, here's
dude ranch.com. It's a pretty trusted
authority. You can also go search on
dude ranches with pickle ball that are
an hour away from a major airport. AI is
kind of the cliffnotes version. They can
kind of point you in the right
direction. I don't know if they'll ever
be I mean yeah if there is if there was
a directory business for sale that was

[1:13:01]
a directory business for sale that was
in my price range. I would seriously
consider acquiring it and looking into
the numbers to see if it might fit into
my portfolio. But I'm pretty happy with
my little three projects. Dude Ranch has
such interesting social media potential
and I'm not doing a very good job
promoting it from that aspect. So I'm
trying to see if there might be an
interesting person to either buy the
whole thing out or or I am it's so low
touch for me. I'm you can tell I can I
love the industry and enamored with it
and I I don't mind keeping it if there's
a good partner who can help either write
content, do great social media that has
experience with that and doesn't mind
going visiting some of the ranches and
and kind of getting feet on the street.
&gt;&gt; You're searchbound on Twitter, deep
south.com for your blog. Where else can
people find you?
&gt;&gt; Asku.org
is kind of ogw.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, askew.org RG is kind of just the
just the little home base. Links to some
of my art my essays that I've written,
links to projects, links to failed

[1:14:00]
links to projects, links to failed
projects that I've built. Most
importantly, things I've tried, domains
I've bought and donated. I bought
miss.com and donated to Miss.
&gt;&gt; That's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Roll tide. All right, Peter. Well, thank
you. This was awesome.
&gt;&gt; No, I appreciate the invite. All right.
What' you think? Please share it with a
friend and we'll see you next time on
the Kerner