[00:00]
They've got over 500 customers. Let's
say only 500. That's $100,000 a month.
So, you're telling me that these people
have a business just because most real
estate agents have never heard of or
don't know how to use it? Exactly.
That's exactly what I'm telling you. You
could totally copy and paste this.
Digital companies that are making
between $10,000 and a million a month.
There's so much you can do. These are
big businesses. Million, 10 million, 100
million plus dollar businesses. They're
just copying and pasting. So, how do we
reverse engineer them?
Every few months, I like to shake things
up a bit. I like to stir the pot, if you
will. And if you remember last summer, I
posted this video right here where I
found a website that lets you reverse
engineer companies, digital companies
that are making between $10,000 and a
million dollars a month. You know how
much they're making, and I know how to
reverse engineer them. So, today I'm
going to do that all over again, except
with different businesses and different
tactics. And by the end of this video,
you are going to have more ideas of than

[01:00]
you are going to have more ideas of than
you will know what to do with. So
without further ado, let's get going.
Oh, and just in case you don't care
about reverse engineering any of these
businesses I'm about to cover, at the
end of this video, I'm going to give you
17 other tools for reverse engineering
any business you'd ever want to reverse
engineer on the internet. Okay, so by
way of backstory, there's a company out
there called High Level. And every year
they have awards, and these awards are
given to people that have built the
biggest businesses on High Level. And
HighLevel is a software platform that
you can use to manage your customers,
manage your relationships, you can run
automations, or what we'll be talking
about today is building an entire
business on top of Highle, which is
called white labeling as if you were
Highle. So, to break it down even more
simply, let's say I want to build text
messaging software for real estate
agents. Well, there's a problem. I don't
know how to do that. I don't know how to
code, and I never have, and I'll never
learn cuz now I don't have to learn. So,
I'm just going to go use Highle and
their text messaging platform, brand it
as my own, call it my own, and sell it

[02:00]
as my own, call it my own, and sell it
for a monthly fee to all of the
customers that I might happen to find.
Rinse and repeat that with CRM, customer
relationship management software, AI
voice agents, funnels, appointment
setting, form builders, on and on and
on. You get the idea. So they have this
conference and if you win a gold
SASpreneur award it means you have over
a 100 sub accounts which means you have
over a 100 customers. Platinum is over
500 customers and diamond is over a,000
customers. Now the craziest thing about
this is that almost all of these
businesses built on top of gohigh level
are charging between 50 and $5,000 per
month per customer. So these numbers
start to get pretty silly after a while.
Now, what are you paying HighLevel for
the privilege of white labeling their
software? Between $200 and $500 a month.
So, High Level is nice enough to list
out all these award winners, and we're
smart enough to use Google to go to
their websites and see what they charge,
which means that these 20some companies
right here each have over a,000

[03:00]
right here each have over a,000
customers paying them between 50 and
$5,000 a month. These are big
businesses. Million, 10 million, hundred
million plus dollar businesses. It's not
often that you can know the revenue of a
privately held business. And with the
tricks I'm about to show you, it's not
often that you can find out how they
acquired their customers, how they got
to where they are today. What learning
curves and headaches did they already go
through that you're going to be able to
skip. So, enough talking. Let's get into
it. There's been an update. I originally
posted this video yesterday and it was a
banger. You guys were loving it and then
YouTube deleted it. So, let me get this
disclaimer out of the way to cover my
butt. This video is for educational
purposes only. I'm not giving you
financial advice and I'm not promising
you'll get any results. Everything here
is based on what I've observed from
publicly available data. Use this video
to understand how these businesses work
and get inspired to build your own.
Sorry for the annoying disclaimer, but I
have to do this to get this video
published. All right, let's get to it.
I'm just going to start picking these
willy-nilly at random. No audience
plants. One bite. Everyone knows the

[04:01]
plants. One bite. Everyone knows the
rules. Now, I'm going to go straight to
platinum first. These are over 500
customers. And I'm just going to start
looking for names that look interesting.
So, Astro Blaster, that looks like a
game that my dad might have played in
high school. I'm going to copy it. I'm
going to open a new tab and I'm just
going to Google it. Astro Blaster. Okay,
first of all, that's their preview text
on Google. Not great. The number one
automation and text messaging platform
for real estate professionals. Okay, I
have to laugh as I see this because do
you know how many texting automation
platforms for real estate professionals
websites that I've seen? There are so
many hundreds thousands of them. And I
bet you anything 70 to 90% of them are
all built on top of GoHigh Level. So
you're telling me that these people have
a business just because most real estate
agents have never heard of High Level or
don't know how to use it? Exactly.
That's exactly what I'm telling you.
That's how business works. Isn't it
beautiful? Okay. So I'm looking at their
website. I know nothing about these
guys. They've got some testimonials.

[05:01]
guys. They've got some testimonials.
Awesome. They're selling uh the
time-saving features, customuilt
dashboard. They're just copying and
pasting highle snapshots. You scroll all
the way down. Okay.
$1,000 plus $100 a month. So, they're
doing $50,000 a month recurring, not
including the $1,000 that they charge up
front. That's at a bare minimum because
they have over 500 customers. They could
have 997 for all I know. And what are
their costs on that? Almost nothing. So,
how do we reverse engineer them? How did
they do this? Well, we're going to go to
one of my favorite websites of all time,
the Meta Ads library. Meta as in Mark
Zuckerberg, as in Facebook and Instagram
and WhatsApp, etc. We're going to go to
ad category, all ads, and we're going to
type in Astro Blaster. Okay, that's a VR
thing. Okay, they're not running any
Facebook ads. That's interesting. Then
we're going to go to my second favorite
website, the Wayback Machine. We're
going to type in their domain name, The

[06:01]
going to type in their domain name, The
Astro Blaster. Oo, even better. They're
doing between 50 and $100,000 a month
very profitably, and they've only been
around for 2 years. Okay, so we're going
to go and see what did their homepage
look like on day one. And this is
important because anytime we're reverse
engineering someone, we want to see how
they got to where they are today because
their pricing may have started out as a
flat fee or as $10 a month or as $1,000
a month. We need to see how they learned
because that's going to help frame the
why. The why of why we should copy what
we're going to copy because some things
we're going to leave. We don't want to
infringe on their trademarks,
intellectual property, trade secrets,
etc. We're not here to be unethical.
We're here because we are growth mindset
people. We believe that the pie is
plenty big enough for everyone. And
these guys, Astro Blasters in this case,
even if we crush it, they're never even
going to know we exist because there are
2 million real estate agents. And these
guys only have a few hundred of them as
customers. And in fact, when someone

[07:01]
customers. And in fact, when someone
copies your business, often times, if
not most of the time, it makes your
business grow even faster because it
increases the awareness of your
business. Two examples with my Porch
Pumpkins video right here. I posted
about this lady's porch pumpkin
business. She was the only one doing it.
Now there are hundreds if not thousands
of women doing it, which increased the
awareness that you can actually pay
someone $600 to put porch pumpkins on
your porch. And now more women are like,
"Oh, that's a thing. I want that." So
the original woman that I posted about,
even though now she has hundreds of
competitors, her business is growing
faster than ever because the awareness
has increased. The same is true with
appliance rental. Now that people know
you can rent an appliance for 60 bucks a
month on Facebook Marketplace, there's
much more room for all the competitors
that are now out there because of this
video that I posted. And real quick, I'm
clearly a fan of High Lee, otherwise I
wouldn't be talking about it. If you
want to say thanks for the value you're
about to see in this video, just use my
affiliate link. You get 30 days free
instead of 14. It buys you a little more
time to test it out before you buy it.
Okay, here's what their website used to

[08:00]
Okay, here's what their website used to
look like. It looks about the same. They
still had customer testimonials,
same style of website, 81 US markets,
and their pricing, which is the most
important part. Same. Okay, so it looks
like their pricing has been the same
pretty much from day one, which is good
to know. If I were you copying this, I
would not change the pricing. This
sounds like it's the sweet spot.
Sometimes you can even do yourself a
disservice by not charging enough
because you're not conveying the value
of what you're offering well enough.
It's very easy to say, "Oh, they're 97 a
month. That should be 77 a month and 500
upfront instead of a,000. No, stop.
Don't do that. Just copy it. Let's go to
our handy friend Chad GBT and say, "Tell
me everything you know about how Astro
Blaster grew and found customers. They
are an SMS platform for real estate
agents." All right, so looks like
they're founded by a guy named Jal. He
has an audience for wholesaling. In case
you're unfamiliar, wholesaling is
basically finding homes or other pieces
of real estate, getting them under
contract, and then selling the contract

[09:01]
contract, and then selling the contract
for a profit instead of actually buying
the property yourself. Okay? So, it
looks like they're doing like a done for
you system. They actually go out and
scrape data and provide it to you
alongside the software instead of just
saying, "Hey, here's the software. Good
luck on all that data." This is them
strategically removing friction, which
is a first principle. It's what you want
to do in any business, in any setting.
remove the friction to get customers and
increase the friction for customers to
leave you. Okay, it looks like they have
a handful of affiliates selling this for
them. They do regular calls, which is
smart. They're selling the outcome, not
the features. Now, I know what you might
be thinking right now. You're like, "Oh,
okay. This guy has an audience. He's a
real estate guru. I can't copy him."
Stop. Stop. Of course. Of course you
can. Listen, anytime you're trying to
reverse engineer a business that was
founded by a guy or girl that has an
audience, you could still reverse
engineer that. You just need to bring
that same product or service to someone
that already has an audience, partner
with them, and make it happen. So, in
this case, if I wanted to copy this

[10:00]
this case, if I wanted to copy this
verbatim, I'm going to go find any of
the hundreds of or thousands of people
out there that already have an audience
but don't regularly use or know about
Highle or all the SASPreneur awards or
what white labeling even is. You build
this same thing, partner with them, and
say, "Hey, I built this awesome SMS
automation platform, and I know for a
fact that we can get five to 10 percent
of your audience to pay you $100 a month
for this, plus $1,000 upfront. How's
about we split that revenue? I manage
the software, the hard part, the
fulfillment, the offer, the website
building, customer service, everything.
All you got to do is talk about it."
That framework exists for any
creator-led business. You don't have to
be the creator. In fact, I would suggest
that you probably don't even try cuz
it's hard. But you can partner with
them. How do you find them? Slide into
their DMs on platforms where they are
not actively posting that much. Cuz if
they're actively posting on Instagram,
their DMs are flooded, right? You are
not going to stand out. But Strava,
Twitter, Facebook, like their personal

[11:00]
Twitter, Facebook, like their personal
Facebook account, not their business
account. Those are places where they
probably get notifications for their
DMs, but they're not crowded. You're not
competing with other people trying to
sell them stuff. Okay, let's go to the
next one. Real quick, before you keep
watching, please just subscribe to this.
You think you're subscribed, you're
probably not. Please just check. All
right, we're going back to the awards
page here. We're going to keep looking
under platinum and event rental systems.
All right, that sounds like a very
corporate type business. So, let's just
go ahead and Google it. Event rental
systems. Cool. Event rental software.
Event rental systems. Looks like they're
paying for Google Ads. That's good to
know. We don't need a special ad library
to see that. Party rental software.
Okay, we're not going to click on their
paid ad because we don't want to charge
them money. We're not that mean. Good
looking website. I like it a lot. Book a
free demo. Stock photos.
Got some animations here. Really
good-look website. Here's a secret. This
website's on high level. You could
totally copy and paste this. All right.
150 a month, 250, $400 a month. I love
this so much. Okay. I There's nothing to

[12:01]
this so much. Okay. I There's nothing to
dog on about this website. They've got
testimonials. It's very clean. They have
animations. It's up todate. Good footer,
social links, nothing hate about this.
Now go to solutions. Now go to features.
It's just like it's like booking
software for bounce house rental
businesses or catering companies.
Something this is like features 101 for
high level. Very basic stuff. Now we go
to their pricing. Let's assume, you
know, 70% of their customers are
probably going to be in here. 20% are
going to be in here. 10% will be in
here, give or take. Let's just say it's
200 bucks a month on average. They've
got over 500 customers. Let's say only
500. That's $100,000 a month. $100,000
a month for reselling high level. But
how are they finding customers? You
already know what we're going to do.
We're going to go to the meta ads
library event rental systems.
Okay, beautiful. Ooh, very beautiful.
They have four active ads. Oh my gosh.

[13:03]
They have four active ads. Oh my gosh.
Oh, this is good. Okay, this active ad
has been running for 14 months. 14
months. You don't understand how rare
that is. Facebook ad creatives go stale.
So, this means one of two things, and I
love both of them. Number one, they're
not babysitting their Facebook ads. Huge
mistake. You will run out of money fast,
which means they're not on top of the
ball. That could be the case, but I'm
betting it's actually case number two,
which is this first ad crushes. This ad
crushes. I almost never see ads that are
running for over four months, much less
14 months. It's simple. It's a simple
image. Usually video ads crush in this
case. Again, either they don't know what
they're doing, which they probably do.
Every time I underestimate a business, I
regret it. So, I'm going to overestimate
them. They probably know what they're
doing. And sometimes simple text,
transparent background, stock photo ads
work. Usually, video ads work even
better. So, this is one of those rare
cases where I would actually suggest

[14:00]
cases where I would actually suggest
that you change part of their ad
strategy and make just selfie videos
with before and after, like before
before a bounce house is inflated and
after. Even though you're not selling to
people that are going to rent a bounce
house, it's still going to pop in the
eyes of a bounce house video owner.
That's the point of this before and
after. And then these three ads have
been running since June 2025, which as
of the time I'm recording this, that is
about 4 months old. So, AI generated. I
mean, the emojis are dead giveaway. It's
beautiful. It tells me that they're
finding customers with Facebook ads,
which really anyone can, but if you can
find customers in a software business
charging $2 to $400 a month with
Facebook ads, you are money. I would bet
you anything that when we look at the
2025 SASPreneur list, these guys are
going to be in the platinum category
with over a,000 customers. What is
stopping you from starting an event
rental software business? selling to
bounce house rental companies, selling
to people that rent mobile kitchens. I
had a video about that, too. Guy crushes

[15:00]
had a video about that, too. Guy crushes
it. Six figures a year renting out
mobile kitchens, ranges to catering
companies. Let's see how long they've
been in business. Back to the web
archive. Okay, been in business for
about 15 16 years. Not bad. Let's see
what their website looked like
originally. Oh man, that is an ugly
website. They have come a long way. And
you know what? High Level didn't even
exist back then, which is very, very
interesting. So, they discovered High
Lee. They probably had their own custom
software and they said, "Actually, this
is better than what we built through our
blood, sweat, and tears." This is a very
interesting case study. Now, I love the
offer here. If you don't love our
software, after your site has been live
for 90 days, we'll give you a check for
$100 or we'll donate 150 to the charity
of your choice. That offer just crushes,
by the way. Offering to donate money to
the charity of your choice if they don't
love it crushes. I've yet to see an uh
industry where that offer just doesn't
crush. Usually the higher ticket the
better. Also, in case you didn't know by
now, in my private community, TK Owners,
we have a Slack channel all about
building on GoHigh Level. So, check out

[16:01]
building on GoHigh Level. So, check out
tkowners.com. Come join us if you want
to build businesses with cool people.
But, as they say, we're not here for the
small boy stuff. Let's go ahead and see
what some of these diamond award winners
are doing because the only thing better
than 500 customers is 1,000 customers.
All right, let's go to Pipeline Pro. Is
this going to be sales pipeline? Is this
going to be like an oil pipeline
software? Let's see. We're on the
website. Don't love the website. You've
got a 43minute VSSL video sales letter
here.
&gt;&gt; You want to know what the number one
thing is that separates profitable
businesses from?
&gt;&gt; Once again, I'm going to assume that the
conversion rate on this 43minute video
is good. That's why they have it. I
could be wrong. We're about to see how
long they've been in business, but
&gt;&gt; struggling businesses day in and
&gt;&gt; they're leading with a problem. It's a
professional video. You get the idea.
Okay, that's just very valuable real
estate here at the top. Never ever ever
underestimate how valuable the before
the scroll real estate is. Look at this.
All this white space that's wasted. That
serves me no value. 73% of people are

[17:00]
serves me no value. 73% of people are
never going to scroll. They're just
going to say, uh, nope, not for me. You
got to use that to hook them in. Okay,
so Pipeline Pro is an award-winning
platform. Okay, cool. Inc. 5000. That's
cool. fastest growing. I imagine they've
been around for a while because in order
to win that award, you have to have like
multiple years of growth in your track
record. Okay. Lifetime access for $67.
So, honestly, it doesn't look like
they're trying to specialize in
anything. It's just like sales and
marketing platform, which is what High
Lee is. Lifetime access for $67. I click
on it. I'm taken to this like squeeze
page. Very standard $13 upsell here.
That's 100% profit margin. It's just a
PDF basically. Not bad. I don't hate it.
No questions asked. 100% money back
guarantee. Okay, you already know what
we're going to do. Facebook Ads Library
Pipeline Pro. They have five ads active.
Launched last month and 2 months ago.
Cool. Not much of a priority for them.
We go to the web archive. We can see
that this domain name has been active

[18:00]
that this domain name has been active
since well for a long long time 2003.
But it looks like it's only been doing
this since like 2015. It used to be
appraisal workflow management. That's
interesting. So instead of getting more
niche, they've gotten more broad. Yeah,
that's a very, very bad website. So at
some point, they went from appraisal
management software to software. And I
did a little digging around and their
lifetime price used to be $35. Today,
it's $65. So they've almost doubled
their price. Now, we don't really know
what their monthly recurring revenue is
because it's a lifetime price. But
here's the genius of this. There's
multiple ways to skin the cat. Okay?
Most of these SASPreneur award winners
have a monthly price because everyone
loves monthly recurring revenue. But
that also means that they don't stand
out from each other. If you're the guy
that offers a $67 lifetime price, then
you look a lot more attractive than all
of the other companies selling the exact
same white labelled software for $1 to
$500 a month. Right? And here's the big
secret. Pipeline Pro pays $500 to $600 a

[19:01]
secret. Pipeline Pro pays $500 to $600 a
month to High Lee to have thousands of
customers. like they add a customer,
they add zero dollars in cost. So, a
lifetime price makes sense when you're
white labeling software that's a flat
fee no matter how many sub accounts, aka
customers, that you have. So, I love
that this became an example because
they're not all monthly recurring.
There's other ways to do it. And this
guy probably stands out because it is a
one-time fee. And honestly, with the
advent of these vibe coding tools, Chad
GBT software becoming easier than ever
to build, I think a lot more companies
are going to be forced to offer lifetime
deals because the age of SAS software as
a service is slowly shrinking because
the developers, the coders are no longer
in the driver's seat as much as they
used to be. The cost of everything is
going down, down, down. So, you can milk
that sweet, sweet monthly recurring
revenue as long as you can, or you can
get ahead of it and say from day one,
I'm just going to offer a lifetime price
for pipeline software that other
companies charge tens or hundreds of
dollars a month for. Okay, so let's do a

[20:01]
dollars a month for. Okay, so let's do a
rapid fire just to see what some of
these other businesses are doing cuz I'm
very curious. All right, which one
stands out? Let's say REI Reply. Okay,
boom. Here we go. Oh man, that is one of
the worst websites I've ever seen in my
life. And these guys are one of the
biggest companies using High Level.
Again, it's more real estate like
software, automation software, which is
fine. No shade. It works. There's 2
million real estate agents. You could
insert that meme right here where it's
just Woody looking over and it's like
everywhere. It's all just high level.
All the software that we use and see on
a regular basis, it's all white label,
high level on the background. Crazy.
Here's another one. CRM Voice. It's just
an AI calling feature. It's just
something that you can create in a few
clicks on High Level. I did it right
here in this video. Link in the show
notes. AI voice agents are everything
right now. Here's another one in the
platinum tier. FG funnels. There's just
using High Level to build funnel
builder. Over a,000 customers a month,
129 bucks a month, six figures a month,

[21:00]
129 bucks a month, six figures a month,
7 figures a year, plus making funnels.
All right, we only covered a small
handful of all of the kind of reverse
engineering tips and tricks I have up my
sleeve, but I'm just going to like
bullet point list out a ton of others
that I use on a regular basis. So, let's
say you want to find out the tech that a
business is built with, the type of
website that they use to build it, the
type of pixels or APIs or yada yada yada
other tech jargon that companies use
that you want to copy. Number one is
built with. They have a Chrome extension
that's free. You can use the website one
at a time. for free or you can pay them
way too much money, 450 bucks a month to
like scrape millions of websites that
are built with Shopify, Wix, WordPress,
whatever. That's like the gold standard.
If you want to skip the line, go to
Upwork or Fiverr and say, "Hey, I'm
looking for someone that has a $450 a
month bill with Pro account to scrape
results for me. I'll give you $20 per
spreadsheet that you scrape." Total life
hack. But an alternative to BuiltWith
that's even cheaper, Rapalizer. Another
one, CRFT lookup stack crawler does

[22:03]
one, CRFT lookup stack crawler does
pretty much the same thing. And if you
want to know how much traffic a website
gets, similar web, that is the only one,
similar web. If you want to get even
more technical on like what types of
databases a website uses, use what runs
and nerdy data. Okay. If you want to
look at like market intelligence,
company insights, there's this company
called Ibisworld. They have these $3,000
reports that I would never pay for, but
if you go to another company called
SearchFunder, you can get all of the
IBIS World reports for free. And it's a
free account. Actually, Search Fun might
cost a hundred bucks or something. I
don't remember, but it's basically you
pay 100 and you get thousands of $3,000
reports for free. Deal Room, similar to
Crunchb
insights on like startup data,
fundraising data. CB Insights and
Pitchbook, very expensive, very good.
Also use Fiverr or Upwork to find
someone that already has an account that
can run a quick search or two for you.
Oowler is really good for finding
competitors or alternatives. If you ever
Google like alternatives to X, Y, or Z,

[23:01]
Google like alternatives to X, Y, or Z,
Owler is usually what pops up.
AlphaSense and Data Brier are also good.
If you want to know how much money a
franchiseor makes, like let's say you
see a landscaping franchise driving by
or McDonald's and you want to know, man,
how much does a McDonald's franchisee
make? Just Google WI Franchise Search,
which stands for Wisconsin Franchise
Search. The state of Wisconsin requires
that all franchises publicly disclose
all of the financials of the parent
company, which in turn tells you about
what the franchises are making. As well,
if you want to know how many app
downloads an app is getting on the
iPhone or Android app store, you're
going to want to use Sensor Tower. With
a free account, you can see, wow, this
app that identifies trees is making
$300,000 a month. Then you go vibe code
to copy. If you want to see reviews for
software and like upload all those
reviews to chat GPT and say what
features is this product missing that I
can copy, G2 G2 is the best for that.
Bomba Boom M B O R A is also really good

[24:00]
Bomba Boom M B O R A is also really good
for stuff like that. And if you want to
see if a website changes, like let's say
you want tickets to a sporting event and
you need to see when they go live, or
you want to see if your competitors
pricing changes at any point, you can
use something like Distill Visual Ping
or Change Tower to basically track tiny
little changes on any website on the
internet. Super cool. Other more general
things you can do is look at another
company's job listings. They'll often
announce like new products or new
features or new initiatives inside their
job listings or job descriptions. Their
ad spying tools, ad espresso, big spy,
social petta, you can use those to spy
on your competitor's ads, which is much
more granular and specific than the meta
ads library. There's so much you can do.
Just got to be a little creative. If
this video was valuable to you at all,
please say thanks by hitting subscribe,
sharing with a friend, leaving a
comment, and of course, use my affiliate
link so I can get a little kickback. I
use High Level every single day. It's
genuinely something that I love and
believe in.