[00:00]
She's making $10 million per year in
revenue and she doesn't exist.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They scaled from 0 to 20 million
in annual recurring revenue just with AI
ads. The app didn't exist 12 months ago.
&gt;&gt; If you were to be a user trying to make
10 grand a month as soon as possible and
you didn't have much money to work with,
which path would you take?
&gt;&gt; If you want to do 10K, like I mean
that's easy. Like really easy. I will
create 20 ads a month for you for
$2,000. These people will have the
budget because they already spend 500k
per month on meta ads. I will just do
that for 100 companies. That's probably
the easiest way to get to 20K a month.
What is this world coming to? Did you
guys know that there are AI influencers
making millions of dollars a year? Yes,
that's real. Some dude in his mom's
basement is generating AI images and
videos and posting them to Instagram,
Tik Tok, and everywhere and getting big,
huge sponsorship deals. So, with this
new AI short form video generation

[01:00]
new AI short form video generation
technology blowing up like crazy, how do
you profit from it? Cuz we can shake our
heads at these AI influencers or we can
go create some and monetize them in our
paid ads, in organic social, etc. So, I
had Roma Torres on today and he is one
of the biggest experts in the world when
it comes to AI generated video
specifically for making AI ads and AI
influencers. Your brain might explode on
this one. Please enjoy. Initially the
main use case was paid ads but very
quickly we realized that was a huge
opportunity to create these AI
influencers that will basically live on
Instagram. Maybe I can share my screen
and show a couple of examples. please.
&gt;&gt; Um, but you know there is this famous
influencer right here, Mikuela.
Apparently, she's making $10 million per
year in revenue and she doesn't exist.
And there are more.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; All of that. Yeah. this girl. All the
pictures that we see here, all are AI
generated and bronze are paying hundreds

[02:03]
generated and bronze are paying hundreds
of thousands to get a a story from her
or just a real and really the limitation
until recently was you could build very
good static images of AI influencers,
but having them talk was very hard.
&gt;&gt; And that's basically what we solved.
&gt;&gt; And uh a lot of people now
have used our technology to create
either a clone of themselves. So let's
say you Chris, you want to create
content on Instagram and you want to
grow your Instagram channel, but you
don't want to spend too much time
talking to the camera. You could create
clone of yourself with archads and make
video ress where you will do a video
edit and at the bottom of the video for
example you'll see your clone and at the
top of the video you'll see a video
about whatever you are talking about and
as you can see these videos do pretty
well right 2 million views here 2

[03:02]
well right 2 million views here 2
million views and all of these videos
were created using his AI avatar
&gt;&gt; concept to working prototype in just 7
months humanoid
&gt;&gt; and obviously there already is a lot to
be done like to make the video very
dynamic and stuff but um
&gt;&gt; you'll basically save the time of
talking to the camera using this
technique.
&gt;&gt; How much of your tool helps generate the
video and the voice and how much of it
like helps actually edit the video.
&gt;&gt; So an on creating very good and very
realistic talking actors. Maybe I can
just do a quick demo of the tool by the
way and just show you how it looks like
very quickly and
&gt;&gt; so so it's clearer for the audience.
&gt;&gt; We really focus on like helping you
writing a script selecting an actor and
this actor can be either yourself or
another AI actor that is from our
existing library and generating the
video. So basically the way this will
work is you will type your script right

[04:00]
work is you will type your script right
here. You can add tags to control the
emotion
&gt;&gt; because what we realized in our data is
that the voice has a ton of impact on
how real the AI avatar will look.
&gt;&gt; If the voice too robotic, it's going to
be very hard for people to engage with
the content. So you can add tags with
the emotions you want. You you can even
control the accent. You can like add a
tag that says, I don't know, French. I
don't know why would want that but maybe
you want a French
accent
and then the AI voice will basically
talk with a French accent. So you will
like write script and then select an AI
actor through our library of thousands
of existing AI actors or you can just
create your own. So you can just click
here type a description of the perfect
AI actor. So I don't know a 23 years old
female influencer in a coffee shop. You

[05:00]
female influencer in a coffee shop. You
can just like iterate and start a first
version or person based on the prompt
&gt;&gt; and then you will be able to edit this
person with perfect consistency.
&gt;&gt; So you are going to be able to generate
her in different situations, different
backgrounds. You're going to be able to
change the color of the hair, change
every single detail that you would want
to change to get the perfect AI
influencer. And then when you are happy
with the image that you generate because
it will start with an image, you can
then turn this person into a talking
actor. So you would write the
description of your AI actor or choose
an existing AI actor in the platform,
write a script, listen to the audio and
then basically click generate and you
will get a video of someone who will be
talking to the camera with like perfect
lip sync emotions. So my connection is
really bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow.
Oh wait, am I really AI generated? And

[06:00]
Oh wait, am I really AI generated? And
then basically you can like have the
person in tons of different situations,
do all the scripts that you write and
then Mika here create videos for social
media and at some point when you get a
big enough audience, brands will come
and pay you to create content um to
promote that stuff.
&gt;&gt; Now you and I see these videos and we
can tell it's AI. What what percentage
of the general public do you think can
tell? And if so, does it really matter
that much? So it's a very good question.
My initial answer was the younger the
audience the the more they will notice
its AI. Right now we have a lot of
clients and that's actually a big
secret. A lot of clients would target
older audiences with with their content
because if you are 55 years old there is
a much higher chance that that much
interested in technology and AI and you
will engage much more with this type of
content. So that was my in in thought
&gt;&gt; but um really the technology is
progressing super fast and there is this
tech influencer right here Olivia Mo she

[07:02]
tech influencer right here Olivia Mo she
is like a partner in the top US VC fund
and she actually yesterday or two days
ago she made an experiment where she
created an account on Tik Tok on a very
specific niche that will actually target
very young people and she created an
account for the niche of Walmart. It's
funny she's quote at the University of
Alabama because I was there yesterday on
campus.
&gt;&gt; Saw people who were following this AI
profile that she created. So basically
she she created a a profile about like
admissions at Alabama. She started
posting content on Tik Tok with this AI
influencer
and 20 years old girls were commenting
stuff like hey you will get there no
worries you will get your admission
because she was making a video where the
AI
&gt;&gt; and we can see some examples here and
actually the account is public we can
find her on Tik Tok and she makes a lot

[08:02]
find her on Tik Tok and she makes a lot
of views some of her videos make like
hundreds of thousands of views. Fun
fact, 80% of the people that watch my
YouTube videos are not subscribed to me.
And most of them think they are. They
see them in the feed, but they're not
subscribed to me. So, please, it'll take
half a second, just click subscribe, and
it would mean a ton to me. She did this
experiment very recently, and it's very
interesting the way she created this. By
the way, she she used this tool from Tik
Tok where you can see for each keyword
how many posts are done and are the
hashtags trending. So you can basically
find any hashtag that you are interested
about and see if there is an opportunity
to create content and just start
creating content for this niche and in a
matter of weeks she managed to get a ton
of views. But yeah, it's kind of insane
how how much you can
&gt;&gt; that's insane.
&gt;&gt; I think I think it's going to just get
better every every week. uh if you look
at AI 6 months ago honestly the progress

[09:01]
at AI 6 months ago honestly the progress
has been insane. So I think that's a
huge opportunity either to create your
own AI influencer in a very specific
niche like she did here or clone
yourself if you are already a content
creator and you want to post more
content. And maybe the third big
opportunity here would be go find
existing influencers who have accounts,
people like you basically say and say,
"Hey Chris, you want to create more
content? Everyone who creates content
wants to be creating more content. How
about instead of you recording yourself?
I will create content for you with your
avatar and you will validate the the
script. You will validate everything but
uh instead of having to record yourself,
I'll just like create the content with
your avatar for you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Do you have customers that
are using it for that purpose for as an
agency basically?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, a ton a ton of customers.
&gt;&gt; What are they charging?
&gt;&gt; We have two types of cases. The first

[10:00]
&gt;&gt; We have two types of cases. The first
type will be see like doing this service
for influencers and typically they will
charge less because influencers will
have a lower budget. But the other big
use case is finding a company that is
already spending money on ads and
helping them create content. So I'm
going to show you what I did here with
an example. So
&gt;&gt; like look kind of scrolling on the
Facebook ads library seeing people have
a lot of active ads reaching out to them
and saying hey I can help 10x your
output with AI generated ads more
creative.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah that that was exactly what
I was about to to show. So on the
Facebook ads library which is the public
data of like all the ads active right
now you can find any app any kind of
product depending on what you are
interested about. So obviously I'm
interested in tech so I'm going to be t
like biased towards apps but I'm going
to also show you an example of a more
traditional business where you can do
that. So find an app. This app for
example they scale from zero to I think

[11:00]
example they scale from zero to I think
like 12 or 20 million in annual
recurring revenue. This data is public.
We can look at it just with AI ads.
Basically they created the app 12 months
ago. The the app didn't exist 12 months
ago. They only started the app run it.
They started running Facebook ads with
AI influencers created with our ads and
they scaled more than 10 million in
revenue only through paid ad. And as you
can see they are testing a ton of ads.
So they are like testing 650 ads right
now.
&gt;&gt; This is really interesting to me. I
think that it's critical that when
people do this they pick the right niche
or the right industry in which AI
generated ads are more likely to work
better. Right? This is an English
learning app, which means they're
probably showing this ads to an
international audience. I'm guessing
that the international audience is less
AI savvy. They're not as AI sensitive,
like AI generated video sensitive,
therefore the ads are more effective. Or
maybe they think the ads are
automatically transcribed into English

[12:00]
automatically transcribed into English
or into whatever language, and they're
used to seeing that because English is
not their first language. Would you
agree that like using AI generated ads
in the right industry could have like a
multiplier effect on how effective they
are? That's a very very good point.
Another example of that would be this
company. They are running a ton of AI
generated ads. So it's called disability
path and basically they serve. So maybe
I can show you an ad by the way. So this
is an ad that they created with arads.
$4,18
a month to cover your grocery bills.
Yes, you heard that right. If you're
over 50 and can't work because of a
health issue, you could be eligible for
up to four.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, these people, they basically
sell leads to these disability companies
where uh they will do the admin work for
you to get you this allowance that you
can get if you have an a disability and
you are over 50. And these people need

[13:01]
you are over 50. And these people need
to get leads. So basically need people
over 50 to sign up to their services.
And people over 50 will most of the in
most cases just like not be triggered by
the fact that an ad is AI generated.
Honestly, even in some ads UI, we cannot
even see that it's AI anymore. Like uh
we are getting to this point already.
It's it it requires some skills and we
can even talk about that if you want at
some point. What are the skills that
help you make a very good AI ad that
make it very look very realistic? But
I'm pretty sure like in six months like
everyone will be able to do a perfect
like 100% perfect AI UC ad where it's
going to be impossible to distinguish
between a real ad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But right now I agree like 100%. It's
like the biggest opportunity is to go
find these types of companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I look at this in like two
different ways. So, let's take a super
competitive category to a somewhat
sophisticated audience. Creatine

[14:01]
sophisticated audience. Creatine
gummies, right? There's hundreds of or
if not thousands of Shopify stores
selling different types of creatine
gummies that are probably all made in
one to three different factories, right?
&gt;&gt; If I, a 38-year-old white male in North
America, see an AI generated video ad
for creatine gummies, I'm likely to be
uninterested, turned off, you know,
because it's like, ah, low effort, AI
generated. Nope. Whereas, if I see like
a more professional ad that's, you know,
handmade for creatine gummies, I might
have a bias to click on it more, right?
But let's say I'm looking for, and this
was something I actually ordered from
the internet. I ordered trees, like I
literally like 4 foot tall trees I
ordered from the internet from South
Carolina and I saw Facebook ads for
them. If I was that tree company and AI
generated video ads helped me scale my
creative 10x. If I really need a tree
from the internet and I'm having a hard
time finding it and they're able to make
10 times more ads because of AI and that
puts it in front of me or it's more

[15:01]
puts it in front of me or it's more
likely to get in front of me, then I'm
going to buy it whether it's AI or or
not just like I listen to what chat GBT
says because it answers a question I
need even though I know it's chat GBT,
right? So there's kind of two schools of
thought like, "Oh, they're not going to
take it seriously because it's AI." And
then the second school of thought is
doesn't matter if it's AI. If you're
solving a problem, they're going to
click and or they're going to buy,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that's the whole story of
advertising. Like when you watch a video
ad from George Clooney telling you
Nespresso is the best coffee in the
world. I mean, do you really believe
George Clooney will drink Nespresso
every single morning? No. But it doesn't
matter because now you know about
Nespresso. Now you saw an ad that is
entertaining, that is a good story about
Nespresso, that is funny.
&gt;&gt; I think to your point, I really agree
that
&gt;&gt; people who sell services where it
doesn't really matter if you trust or
not the person who will promote the
service will have better results for
sure. Like if you are selling like
buying create creating games, I I guess

[16:01]
buying create creating games, I I guess
you would want to have someone who has
some sort of knowledge about the topic
telling you to buy them, right? You want
to have a doctor, you want to have maybe
an influencer you love talking about it.
&gt;&gt; If I saw like a Matthew McConna ad for
creatine gummies, it's like, nah, he's
fine. I could take them or leave him.
Not my favorite actor, not, you know,
not the worst actor. But if I saw Tim
Robinson, like my favorite comedian
actor, do an ad for creatine gummies. I
I use these. I like these. I'm going to
be more likely to buy just cuz I like
him. It's the same product, right? And
so the same principle applies for AI
generated verse otherwise. Like in this
example, Tim Robinson is higher quality
for me because it's more relevant. It's
there those are synonyms in this
context, right? Just like AI generated
is lower quality aka less relevant. And
I think also something that's going to
happen to our initial uh point on AI
influencers is at some point some AI
influencers will be so good at creating
content that people will actually be
attached to to them. Like people are

[17:00]
attached to to them. Like people are
attached to Spider-Man, right? and he
doesn't exist. But um
&gt;&gt; it's a good point. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you can be very attached to to
personalities that don't exist.
&gt;&gt; I sorry, I think it's interesting the
first two examples you showed me of like
these AI generated ads that are crushing
it are those two international, you
know, English as a second language
speakers and people with disabilities,
right? Like I I think there's a
correlation there that both of those
categories of people would be less
likely to recognize it by no fault of
their own. It's just not something they
come across on a regular basis. Whereas
30ome year old white dude playing around
with chat GPT and Grock all day. It's
second nature for us to see an AI
generated video. You know
&gt;&gt; that's a very good and there is I think
a third category which is very
interesting. Unfortunately, I I won't be
able to show you this example because
the person asked me not to because they
are making so much money.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Which I guess is a good teaser. But uh

[18:01]
&gt;&gt; Which I guess is a good teaser. But uh
so it's products where people are
already aware that the service that will
buy is AI. And what I mean by that and
the example I had in mind here is
&gt;&gt; you probably saw these new AI voice
agent technology companies.
So, yep.
&gt;&gt; Basically, you could go and I think it's
a very good business to start when I see
the numbers of people who use Arcas to
promote these. You could go say, "Okay,
I'm going to create
a voice agent that will do appointments
for hairdressers, for example." That's
probably an idea you already discussed
on the podcast. I don't know. But if you
are a hairdresser, people call you to
get appointments. Or if you are a
dentist, people call you to get
appointments and you have to pay a
secretary to answer those calls, to book
and everything. This can be done by an
AI voice agent. Now, there are a lot of
technology and software that lets you do
that. Is drop shipping still a thing?
Yes, but unless you have the right

[19:00]
Yes, but unless you have the right
tools, you are going to have a really
hard time finding success. Luckily, I
found a genius tool that can build an
entire drop shipping site from scratch.
This platform has people hitting 10
grand their first month. And others have
used it to build over 30 grand per month
businesses in their first year. AutoDS
is making this possible for over a
100,000 entrepreneurs with zero
inventory sitting in their garage. Zero
warehouse headaches. Just pure profit
margins from products that they never
even have to touch. AutoDS makes drop
shipping crazy easy. We're talking
complete automation, product research,
order fulfillment, inventory tracking.
Everything runs 24/7 while you sleep.
You get access to 500 million products
from suppliers all over the globe who
handle all of the inventory and storage.
So, here's exactly what you need to do.
Click the link below to try AutoDS for
30 days for just one buck. AutoDS lets
you create a Shopify store from scratch
in minutes directly through the platform
and then you can start selling

[20:00]
and then you can start selling
immediately because remember, you can
just do things. So go get on AutoDS
because the best time to start building
wealth was yesterday. The second best
time is right now.
&gt;&gt; So a lot of people have packaged a
service on top of these AI voice agent
companies. They package the service and
they found dentists or hairdressers or
whatever the niche they are targeting
and they sold a service a package
service where they will tell them you
don't have to do anything. I will just
replace your secretary for like a half
like not even half like a tenth of the
cost. The only difference is the person
who will be taking the appointments will
be AI, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so we have a lot of customers who
have created a service like that
&gt;&gt; and then they run paid ads to acquire
customers. So let's say you are selling
this
&gt;&gt; I've recently heard this called dog
fooding. You're dog fooding it. You're
eating your own dog food, right? You're
using your own thing to sell your own
thing. Therefore, all cards are on the
table. No one's turned off by it because

[21:00]
table. No one's turned off by it because
your ad is showing that it works.
Exactly. That's the point. Yeah. I think
that's the third. And then by the way,
the the AI language learning app, so it
it has both actually because it targets
people from other countries who don't
speak the language perfectly, but also
it uses AI to train you and learn this
new language. So yeah, I think that's a
a very good point like choosing the
right target audience will increase a
ton the likelihood of the ads doing well
basically. What other kind of trends are
you seeing from the back end of your
company that people could could learn
from like industries or offers or the
duration of videos that people find the
most success with etc.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point. So, and
by the way, we mentioned like the
possibility of creating your own service
like just creating a service and selling
it through the AI ads, but you can also
just sell this service to other
companies. That's probably the easiest
way to get to, I don't know, 20K a month

[22:03]
way to get to, I don't know, 20K a month
because you were asking me how much
people would pay for these AIG videos.
You could reach out to Learner, this
language learning app, and tell them,
"Hey guys, I will create your ads, the
ads for you, and I will like package it
like I don't know, maybe that's 20 ads.
I will create 20 ads a month for you for
two $2,000." So, you'll pay me basically
$100 per ad. And that's already going to
be cheaper than working with actual UGC
creators. These people will have the
budget because these people, they
already spend 500k per months on meta
ads. So, for them spending 2K is like
less than 1% of the ad budget they have.
So, that's a big big trend that we are
seeing. People are subscribing to our
software to create these ads, developing
the the skills that it takes to make
very good ads and we are going to talk
about that like the trends we are seeing
right now. But developing the skills to
make very good ads and then sell that as

[23:01]
make very good ads and then sell that as
a service to other companies who already
have a product. You don't have to even
build your own product. You can just
like serve existing companies who who
have needs.
&gt;&gt; How can you see that they're spending
500k a month? So you don't have public
data about the spend of an app but you
can see that revenue and it's very for
example in the app industry or mobile
apps it's a pretty common knowledge that
people are spending 70%
60 to 70% of their re monthly revenue in
paid ads because when you create an app
you have very low costs of running the
app the main cost is
&gt;&gt; if you look at this language learning
app we were just talking about
&gt;&gt; so if to see to go to this website
Sensor Tower. It's public data.
&gt;&gt; You'll see the revenue that they do on a
monthly basis on iOS and Android. So do
the stuff.
&gt;&gt; I've never thought to to do that to take
their monthly revenue and just multiply
it by.7. That's very smart.
&gt;&gt; It's very specific to the app industry.

[24:01]
&gt;&gt; It's very specific to the app industry.
I guess it can also be true for Shopify
maybe.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, apps are public. Uh the
revenue is public. So that's very that
makes it easier. And there are a ton of
apps you can reach out to and sell these
services to. It's becoming more and more
of a a real skill to be able to use AI
the right way to create ads. And you
were asking me about the trends, the
techniques to make very good ads that
will perform. Really AI can pretty much
do everything you imagine now if you use
it the right way. So I don't know an
example uh of like something that will
make a lot of difference will be how do
you make the first second of the video
visually appealing and how do you make
sure that when people are scrolling they
will be interested to watch more the
video
&gt;&gt; and
&gt;&gt; one way to do that is to have an AI
actor dressed in a funny way. So we took
this AI actor that is already in the
platform right here. So that's uh a
traditional video we will do with this

[25:01]
traditional video we will do with this
AI actor.
&gt;&gt; Hey, looking at you camera.
&gt;&gt; Did you know I'm not real?
&gt;&gt; Now that that one looks very real. That
sounds real, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he he is pretty good, right?
&gt;&gt; That one's legit. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, a couple of things you can do. You
can do a gesture, a movement. Uh and we
we can do that with the platform. So you
can say at the beginning she points at
the camera because when you say it looks
real, it's obviously because of the
looks, but it's also because of the
gestures and the voice. So you can say
at the beginning he will be pointing at
the camera.
&gt;&gt; Hey, you looking at you
&gt;&gt; and that's what we call a visual hook.
So you will increase the chances much of
the person like stop scrolling because
you kind of do this gesture. Another way
you can do that is you will take this
actor and then now you will say he's
wearing a cosmonote
&gt;&gt; banana just sculpt released by
&gt;&gt; and I mean probably this cosmonote ID is
not the best ID but um at least it's

[26:01]
not the best ID but um at least it's
something that is very unique that will
make people have an additional chance of
stop scrolling and then AB test the same
thing where instead of like wearing a
cosmonaut suit he will be wearing like
kind
an Indiana Jones style suit.
&gt;&gt; Have you seen that guy on Instagram that
has his videos? He's like laying down on
a skateboard rolling down a hill. Have
you seen that?
&gt;&gt; No, actually. No.
&gt;&gt; The camera is positioned on his chest
and he's laying on some sort of rolly
device like a skateboard and going
downhill on a sidewalk and like
screaming into the camera about
something irrelevant to what he's doing.
and his videos get millions and millions
of views because the visual hook a and
the retention b cuz you just you're
thinking he's going to crash the whole
time, right? And I think people making
content underestimate how important
their setting is, right? Like just a
snake around your neck or just something
for someone to look at as you're talking

[27:01]
for someone to look at as you're talking
is so critical. There was one of our
clients who did an ad where the AI actor
was driving and they were not looking at
the road.
&gt;&gt; Everyone was like, "When are they going
to start looking at the roads and people
got scared that they got an accident?"
So, you can do that with AI. Obviously,
you don't want to be recording that in
real life because it's so dangerous, but
you can do that with AI,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And that's one of the things with AI
also. You can just do things that would
require an entire production team. Not
only can you do like just test different
audiences. If you are a 25 years old and
you want to target people who have
disabilities and are over 50, obviously
you are not going to be very relevant
when you record yourself and do a video.
But now you can use an AI actor with a
filter and say I want to have this guy
who will be I don't know senior and you
will only see AI actors who are over 50

[28:02]
will only see AI actors who are over 50
years old or 40 years old and
&gt;&gt; interesting
&gt;&gt; but also you can just like do something
crazy if you don't want to target a
different audience than yourself but you
just want to catch the people attention
maybe you can create an avatar that is
on the skateboard as you said and as
they are talking
&gt;&gt; there will be riding on the skateboards
and any just be creative and then it's
about like doing these unique things
that the other ones don't do.
&gt;&gt; If you were to take your customer base
and put them into like three to five
different buckets of like all right
these guys use them for AI influencers,
these guys use them for AI generated
video ads, what would those buckets be?
What are people using your service for?
&gt;&gt; The first one is mainly ads. So
promoting either their own services or
selling AI UDC to other people. The
second one is AI intrinsers.
And inside if we take ads inside this
bucket we have three main verticals

[29:00]
bucket we have three main verticals
really. The first one will be mobile
apps. We have a lot of them. People
would create an app on Lovable and then
guess what? You need to get users to the
app. So you need to run ads and to in a
very competitive world you need to be
very creative about the ads you do. So
the first one is mobile apps. The second
one is ecom. So you are selling a
physical product. And by the way you can
do that with a you can have them like
actually hold your product while they
talk
&gt;&gt; about it. So the second one is ecom and
the third one is services uh like the
disability path I showed you. It can be
lead generation in a very broad sense
where you will sell leads to any types
of services. So hair salon, dentists,
even entrances, people will like run ads
on like why you should like try this new
entrance and then sell the leads to
entrance companies.

[30:00]
entrance companies.
&gt;&gt; Okay. When it comes to AI influencers, I
have to think there's a lot of
survivorship bias where it's easy to
point to the handful that have millions
of followers making all this money, but
nobody sees or knows about the ones that
just never did well, never got any
followers, it didn't work. Where are
people failing when trying to create and
grow AI influencer accounts, and what
could they do better?
&gt;&gt; So, I would say lack of consistency and
lack of creativity. It's very similar to
content creation
without AI, right? There are probably
thousands of people who would want to be
YouTubers or Tik Tokers and create
content, but they only post a couple of
weeks and then they give up. That's the
main one. Uh with AI, the same
principles will apply. If you just go
ahead try a tool like ours generate one
or two video post them I can guarantee
that there is 99% chance that they will
not perform and then the second thing is

[31:00]
not perform and then the second thing is
creativity right when you create content
you need to be creative you need to have
good ideas I showed you the example of
um the VC who created content for
sophomores in the University of Alabama
was very smart about picking the right
niche so she saw that there was this
trend right now on Tik Tok because Tik
Tok lets you find this with the Tik Tok
creator search insight which is an
inside like a feature inside Tik Tok
where you can see the trends that are
rising right now. So she was very smart
in choosing the right trend and then she
was very smart in the content that she
did. She was very creative like by
having emotion in the script. The top
video was a video where the AI
influencer was crying. She also played
with the looks of the person. And maybe
one last thing is which actually will be
contra contradictory to what I just
said, but I think a lot of your content
will be looking at what's already doing
well and trying to replicate that with
AI. And that's one of the key advantages

[32:01]
AI. And that's one of the key advantages
of AI, right? You can like take
something existing and redo it in a
different way.
&gt;&gt; Quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK owners
and it's basically like having me and a
hundred other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com, link in the show notes. I
think the creativity part is is super
key. Like people,
from what I've experienced, people that
want to create content, they don't want
to show their face. No one wants to,
right? Like that's normal. And so like,
oh my gosh, AI influencer. That's
exactly what I've always been looking
for, right? Because I don't have to show
my face. It can be a different person or
it can be an AI generated version of my
face. And so they think that now they

[33:01]
face. And so they think that now they
found the solution to all their problems
when really they need creativity. They
still need a good hook. They still need
something to keep people retained
throughout the whole video. I think
people also get hung up on consistency.
They're like, "If I'm just consistent,
if I just put out one video a day or two
videos a day, I'll get there. It's just
a matter of time." But if you're not
improving every video or if you're not
being creative enough or if you don't
have good hooks, if you're not learning
from your mistakes, there's a lot of
accounts out there with thousands of
videos and 82 followers because, you
know, consistency is just one factor.
You've really got to become a student of
the game. like you said, learn what's
working with other people and be super
creative whether using AI or not
&gt;&gt; and to be tactical the tools you can use
to that. So if you are doing ads
basically Facebook ads library just
looking at the ads the other people in
your industry are doing you al also have
some tools built on top of the Facebook
ad library like foreplay where you can
create boards and you can save the ads
that you see from your competitors

[34:00]
that you see from your competitors
basically create inspiration. The Tik
Tok search creator insight is really
really good. It will literally tell you
which pieces of content are lacking from
the platform. It will tell you okay
there are so many searches for this
keyword and only these number of videos.
So if you make a video about this very
specific topic, there is a very high
chance that it's going to do well. also
going on Tik Tok, Instagram, if this is
what you are doing, downloading a lot of
videos of people who did well, you know,
there there is this concept of outliers.
So basically, you will take a Tik Tok
account, you will look at all the videos
that they posted
&gt;&gt; and one of those videos will probably
have done 10x better than the other
ones.
&gt;&gt; Step like why did they do 10x better and
then bring them to a Google sheet and
try to replicate them with AI. I truly
believe the revolution of AI is you can
create more faster, you can test more
things and also it opens up the
opportunity for people who are not

[35:00]
opportunity for people who are not
necessarily the most good-looking who
don't necessarily speak the language
perfectly and we'll see more and more of
these accounts knowing everything you
know now about your own software, how
people are using it. If you were to be a
user of your own product and log in,
create an account, and trying to make 10
grand a month as soon as possible, what
would be and you didn't have much money
to work with, what would be your go-to
action items to use your own software to
get to that 10 grand a month. Which path
would you take?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 10 grand. And let's say I'm not
like techsavvy and I cannot code. I
cannot even like use viol. I don't want
to do a tech product.
&gt;&gt; You got a thousand bucks to work with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I will just like go to the
Facebook ads library. I will open the
Facebook ads library, look at companies
that seem to be running lots of ads,
find their LinkedIn account, and I will
target like smaller company because you

[36:00]
target like smaller company because you
don't want to be targeting companies
with 200 people plus with a lot of
&gt;&gt; can't find the decision maker.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I would want to to basically be
able to reach out to the CEO. So I will
find their LinkedIn. I will then go to
ARC ads, create an ad very similar to
one ad they are already running. Maybe
they are running existing UGC ads with
UGC actors. I will tell them, okay, this
UC ad that you probably paid $500 for
and that took you three weeks to to get,
I will do it for you. And actually, the
first one will be free. Here is it. Here
it is. Like I I did this video for you
and I I did it with AI. That's the only
difference. But I did it for you. And I
will just do that for a 100 companies.
And then if I do that for 100 companies,
I will probably get calls like phone
calls with 20 30 of them. And then a
third of them will pay for my services
and I will sell them the services 3 to

[37:02]
and I will sell them the services 3 to
5K per month. Yeah, that's already 15K
in revenue. And I mean I think in I can
pull this off in one month. In one month
I can me be making 15k in revenue doing
that with like zero network just
LinkedIn and uh reaching out to people.
&gt;&gt; That's perfect. Yeah, it's just an it's
just a numbers game. You need more shots
on goal
&gt;&gt; if you want to really make a $100,000 in
revenue. Probably build a product or
create an AI influencer and try to
become the next Mikla because there are
going to be a ton of them in the next
years. If you want to get 100K or a
million a month, if you want to do 10K,
like I mean that's easy. Like really
easy.
&gt;&gt; I love it. You could do both at the same
time. Create an AI influencer and start,
you know, start an agency at the same
time. Why not?
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is there anything I didn't ask you that
I should have asked you? Like anything
interesting about how this works or any
interesting I think this has already
been amazing, but is there anything I

[38:00]
been amazing, but is there anything I
missed?
&gt;&gt; We can talk about like the advanced
level. I mean I don't know if uh this is
something uh you guys might be
interested but the like level one would
be you go to the platform you create ads
and you write your scripts and you
brainstorm you create the perfect actor
level advanced level would be okay now
actually instead of like me
brainstorming ideas and me creating one
or five videos a day I will create
Google sheets with lots of existing ads
sends this data to chat GPT. Let ChatGpt
read the transcript of the transcript of
these ads. Ask Chpt to recreate a new
script for another for my service that
I'm selling and then connect to our API
through an automation tool like Zapier,
Make.com, NA10, Gumloop and create these
ads automatically. And instead of like
making one to five a day, I might be
doing 100 to 500 a day. And then I would

[39:03]
doing 100 to 500 a day. And then I would
like really increase the chances of
finding this viral ad that will bring a
lot of profit not by brainstorming but
by letting AI do the whole flow. This is
a little bit more advanced but um I'm
seeing more and more people getting
insane results with with these uh flows
and that's probably a very big
opportunity as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, because everything you
described with that automation example
could could be automated, right? Or not
with the automation, with the agency
example. Everything you described with
the agency example could be automated,
right? Every morning at 9:00 a.m. your
agent wakes up and just starts browsing
the Facebook ads library. It assigns
more weight to ads that have been
running for the longest because that
sends a signal that they're more
effective. It recreates them. It finds
the owner on LinkedIn. It messages them.
message back. It only creates the UGC ad

[40:00]
message back. It only creates the UGC ad
once the owner has reached out and said,
"Yeah, sure. Send me a free sample." You
know, like you could have it do all
kinds of things.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I think that's how you
can scale services have the repetition
of not being scalable. I think that's a
good way to scale them without having to
hire an army of 100 people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, anything scalable, it's a
question of how scalable is it? How hard
will it be to scale?
&gt;&gt; Right. Correct.
&gt;&gt; That's how I look at it.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Roma, this was perfect. Where can
we find you?
&gt;&gt; I post content on LinkedIn. I post
content on X as well. Roma Torres,
founder of Ards. Feel free to reach out,
ask questions. I will try to look at the
comments as well. Happy to help.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Arcads.ai. All right. What' you
think? Please share it with a friend and
we'll see you next time on the Kerner