[00:00]
As a red-blooded American millennial
male, I have a tendency to log on to
Robin Hood and make some degenerate
stock investing moves. I hope you can
relate with this, but that's not
necessarily good. How can I use AI and
AI vibe coding tools to help me develop
a stock investing strategy so I can beat
the market without risking my family's
financial future? Well, today I did
that. I just built it in Replet. And if
you're not familiar with vibe coding, it
just means using natural language like
the language I'm using right now to code
apps because most of us don't know how
to code. So, I'm pretty hyped about what
I just built and I want to show you and
I want to show you how I got there so
you could build something like this for
yourself. And at the end of this, I'm
going to give you about a dozen really
cool prompts that you can use in ChatGpt
or any other ChatG clone out there to
find cool investing strategies that fit
your risk profile or income level. So,
let me start by telling you what
assumption I led with. I led with the
assumption that companies that still
have the founder as the leader and
companies that enjoy network effects,

[01:00]
companies that enjoy network effects,
and I'll get to what that is in a
minute, outperform the market. And by
outperform the market, I mean provide
better returns than just investing in
the entire S&P 500. Now, what are
network effects? Well, network effects
are when a company gets more valuable
with every new user that they add. For
instance, eBay. eBay is a buyell
marketplace. The more sellers they have,
the more legitimate their marketplace
appears to buyers, therefore the more
buyers flood to the market and it just
grows and grows from there. Facebook,
the more friends you have on Facebook,
the more likely you are to be on
Facebook. That's a network effect. It's
a moat. It makes companies very
resilient. Tesla has their supercharger
network. That's a network effect. Other
companies can use their superchargers.
Tesla owners rely on them. StubHub has
network effects because it's also a
marketplace like eBay. You get the idea.
So if a company has network effects and
is still led by the founder, then it
will outperform the market. That was my
thesis. So Replet is one of my favorite
vibe coding tools and they just came out
with this new thing called Agent 3 where

[02:00]
with this new thing called Agent 3 where
you can vibe code a tool and then it
will start stress testing your tool,
breaking it, fixing it, breaking it,
fixing it, all while you just sit there
and wait. Whereas before you would have
to break it and then figure out how to
prompt it in the right way to get it to
fix itself. Those days are gone. It's
amazing. So, let me share my screen,
show you how I built what I built, show
you the final product, and then give you
these prompts so you can develop your
own thesis for stock market investing.
All right, my first prompt was, I want a
portfolio tracker that I can benchmark
against the S&P. In other words, that I
can compare against the stock market as
a whole, and upload via spreadsheet all
of my historical trades. Here is the
spreadsheet in question. I want to see
one day, one week, one month, one year,
5year, 10 year, 20-year performance in a
sleek chart like Robin Hood shows.
Here's the spreadsheet. So, to get this
spreadsheet, I went to chat GPT. I used
deep research and I said, "Find me all
of the companies in the S&P 500 that
have both network effects and are still
founderled." There were 26 of them. And

[03:01]
founderled." There were 26 of them. And
then I said, make a spreadsheet that
would show what my returns would look
like today in 2025 if on the day those
companies went public, I invested $100
in that company and $100 in the S&P in
the market. So then I can track over
time how much money would I have today
because really we're talking about
investing $2,600. 26 companies times
$100. So one scenario is $100 in each of
the 26 companies and the other scenario
is $100 in the S&P 500 on the same day
that each of those companies went
public. So it spit out this spreadsheet
and then I uploaded the spreadsheet into
Replet because that's how I started this
project. I wanted to just visualize this
data that my spreadsheet was showing me.
But then it evolved into something much
cooler. So I did. I uploaded the
spreadsheet. I hardcoded it in the app
and it showed me something kind of like
this like this chart right here which is
really cool. But I had no way of knowing
if it was actually accurate. So, it gave
me a rough draft of my app. It told me
everything it was doing and it worked.

[04:01]
everything it was doing and it worked.
One shot prompted it. It worked right
off the get-go. But then I realized,
okay, I need more data than this. I need
to know what days all of these companies
went public. I need to know what their
share price was when it went public. And
that was a lot more tedious to find. But
I did. I eventually found it. Most of it
was in Wikipedia. And then I had to
supplement it with some other AI tools.
And I ended up with this Google sheet
right here. I'll share this with you as
well. Called all S&P 500 stocks. You can
see the name of the company, the ticker,
the IPO price, how many shares you would
need to buy $100 worth, today's price,
and if you look at the formula right
here, I'm just using the Google Finance
formula. So, this updates every minute
or two. the current market cap, the PE
ratio, the year it was founded, the date
it was added to the S&P 500, because
that's usually not the same day that it
had an IPO, and the exchange it's on, if
it's founder led, if it has network
effects. And then I did something
really, really cool that I'm proud of. I
used this tool called GPT for Sheets
right here. Okay? And GPT for sheets is

[05:02]
right here. Okay? And GPT for sheets is
what it sounds like. You can basically
use any AI tool inside of a Google
sheet. And so over here I had a prompt
that said tell me on a scale of 1 to 10
and then I inserted the name of the
company how much in this case Kagra
Brands enjoys network effects. One is
not at all. Maybe they just sell
widgets. There's no network effects
there. 10 is very strong network
effects. And then I did basically the
same prompt for founder. You would think
that it's binary. Either a company is
led by its founder or it's not. But it's
not because sometimes the company's
founder sits on the board and they have
a strong influence over the board or
over the company but they're not
technically the founder. Sometimes like
Meta, Mark Zuckerberg is the literal
founder and the literal CEO of Meta. So
that's a 10 out of 10. So I wanted to
rank these. So it did. I just drugg it
down. It cost me like 15 bucks in
credits and I got this sliding scale of
how much a company has network effects
and how much they are founder led or
not. So then I took the editable link

[06:00]
not. So then I took the editable link
for this Google sheet and I went back to
Replet and I said, "Hey, forget that
spreadsheet I uploaded with only 26
stocks. Here's the whole S&P 500. Here's
what each of the columns mean. I want
this to be your database that you pull
from when displaying data." And it was
like, "No problem. It did it for me
exactly." Because not only did I want to
see what stock should I invest in, but
what does it look like? How much does my
thesis beat the market? And I was pretty
shocked. I also wanted to see like
should I invest in companies that have a
five plus network effect score only 8
plus 5 plus founder etc. Mix of the
both? How does market cap come into
play? I kind of over complicated a
little bit but I was really happy with
what came out. I also wanted to see a
timew weighted returns and unweighted
returns. Let's say I invested in one
stock that fits these criteria 10 years
ago and one that fits it 15 years ago.
Well, I want to see a weighted average
return of the S&P if I invested $100 on
each of those two dates that are five

[07:00]
each of those two dates that are five
years apart and an unweighted like what
is the S&P 500 in total done over the
last 15 years. So, I wanted to see both
of those on the chart. Here was my
prompt. Okay, we need to revamp the app.
Ignore the stocks in the upload
entirely. Pull the data from this live
Google sheet. And you can see I told it
what each column meant. Now, it can
surmise what each column means, but I
don't want to assume that it knows. I
would rather get ahead of it, take a few
more extra minutes to tell it just to
reduce the potential for error. And then
I did little things like I want a comma
in all of my numbers. I only want one
decimal point on my percentages. And it
fixed all those really easily. I wanted
to check the math of the chart and show
me the stocks at the bottom of all this
so I can make sure that it was filtering
correctly. And I was shocked at how
accurate it was just from the jump. And
so at the end of the day to see the
final product, this probably took 45
minutes of prompting. All in all, boom,
right here. It's called Neil Stocks,
NEL, Network Effects, Founderled. And if

[08:00]
NEL, Network Effects, Founderled. And if
I rank it, let's go 8 to 10 on network
effects, 8 to 10 on founder. I won't
touch the PE ratios or the market cap
ranges. The default is a 10-year time
horizon. And I can change that on this
dropown right here. And it's loading.
You can see right here, six companies
match your filters. Five of those six
have valid IPO price data because some
of them I just wasn't able to get all
the data for. And now look at this. The
S&P has returned 9% over this time frame
weighted and 12% unweed and this
portfolio would have returned 22.4%.
Which is over twice the weighted return.
Crazy. The red line is the S&P, the
green is this portfolio. And then it
shows you the six stocks that have it
filtered here. And then you can verify
that the IPO prices were correct on all
those. How cool is that? All right, as
promised, if you want to find cool
stocks to invest in, here are some of my
favorite prompts. Or, you know, teach a
man to fish, yada yada yada. If you want

[09:00]
man to fish, yada yada yada. If you want
to come up with your own frameworks to
pick your own stocks to invest in, here
are the best prompts. Number one, show
me small micro caps with moat, high
ROIC, return on invested capital, but
low analyst coverage. In other words,
really small, obscure, unknown companies
that analysts are not covering, which is
kind of similar to the thesis that I had
with John McAfee when I launched that
crypto company. Companies that had a lot
of hype but very little market cap were
about to go up in value. People that had
low hype but a high market cap were
about to go down in value. Number two,
companies where insiders are buying
materially over the last 6 months, but
stock is down over 20%. Wow, I love that
one. Holy cow, cuz it's public
information if an insider is buying a
stock. So, what stock are all the
employees buying? Because they know
something we don't know, but they're
still down. Aka, the stock hasn't been
reflected of these impending awesome
things yet. Number three, stocks with
high free cash flow yields of over X%
but PE price to earnings below peer

[10:02]
but PE price to earnings below peer
median. In other words, stocks that are
outperforming their peers that aren't
reflected yet in their share price.
Number four, businesses in structural
secular tailwinds that the market is
ignoring. This is going to be like a new
regulation or demographic shift,
tariffs, etc. Number five, industries
undergoing disruption. List incumbents
with weak balance sheets versus
disruptors with strong balance sheets.
This is like a valuation mismatch. Kind
of like Nvidia, the chip company.
Everyone's investing in them. Everyone
knows them. It's the most valuable
company in the world. And then you've
got AMD, which is a direct competitor of
Nvidia, but they're not as hot. They're
not as sexy, but they're still doing
awesome things with AI. Number seven,
look for companies where short interest
is high, but fundamentals are improving.
In other words, investors are predicting
it's going to go down in value, but the
underlying fundamentals of the business
are looking stronger than ever. Number
seven, companies with recurring revenue,
customer stickiness, operating leverage,
but market giving little credit. It's
kind of self-explanatory. The next one,

[11:00]
kind of self-explanatory. The next one,
find underfollowed stocks with improving
margins, and growth inflection. List
stocks trading below their private
market value or liquidation value. This
happened with Coinbase like 3 years ago.
Coinbase had more cash on their balance
sheet than they were worth as a company.
That's a fact. And I looked at it and I
was like, "Huh?" And some people were
tweeting about it. It was a thing. But
crypto was still risky in the eyes of
many investors today and then. So, I
took that risk. I went in hard on
Coinbase. And it's my biggest holding
and my best performing holding right
now, which is a great little pair.
Companies with high barriers to entry,
scale advantages, but currently in
boring sectors. I en I really like that
stock right now because it has it's a
data center stock that used to be in
Bitcoin mining and now is in AI. Very
high barrier to entry riding an insanely
large title wave and is pretty boring
and unsexy. All right, that should be
plenty to get you going. Also, you know,
I couldn't help myself. I went and
bought a domain name, ntocks.com.

[12:01]
bought a domain name, ntocks.com.
I put this free website behind an email
form. So, if you want to use it for
free, it's completely free. There's
nothing to pay for. You just got to put
in your email and you can play around
with it. And maybe one day I'll build
more stuff on