[00:00]
I want the product experience when you
land on my website to be an AI voice
agent. All right, it looks like it's
done. 66 seconds. Let's try it. Hey,
how's it going?
&gt;&gt; It's going well. Thanks for asking.
Could I get your full name, email
address, and company name?
&gt;&gt; Okay, my mind is buzzing with the
possibilities. How big is the
opportunity to have like an agency that
helps implement these tools into small
businesses? I was at a an event in Santa
Barbara last week. The top executives in
the world from Fortune 200 companies and
even these top executives don't know how
to use AI tools. You're 10 prompts away
from the home run. Could you imagine how
arrogant that advice would sound 3 years
ago? Just launch 50 different things.
Now it's like, no, that's 50 prompts.
You can do that. You're literally going
from like, ah, I have that idea to
deploying the thing in literally 90
seconds. And like the cost and barrier
to entry is literally free.
All right, guys. I just recorded a
banger of an episode and I feel the need
to issue a public apology. What apology?
Well, in the past, I've talked a little

[01:01]
Well, in the past, I've talked a little
bit of crap about Gemini and/or Google's
AI products. I'm a changed man. Today, I
chat with Logan Kilpatrick. He is from
Google's Deep Mind team. He knows a ton
about all of Google's AI products and
about what ideas you should vibe code,
what AI tools you should use to vibe
what types of ideas. He shared his
screen and we vibecoded two different
apps with one prompt each. This is not a
sponsored episode. Google paid me zero
dollars to publish this, but I am a
shareholder of Google and a personal fan
of their company and I think there's a
lot that we can learn and a lot that we
can build on top of Google's AI
products. So today we covered V3, Nano
Banana, Gemini, AI search and more. So
if you are here for ideas and tactics
and tools, this is the episode for you.
Please share with a friend and enjoy. My
name is Logan Kopatrick. I lead the
developer product team for AI Studio and
the Gemini API at Google Deepbind. And
we're really focused on how do we take
the latest AI capabilities coming from
Google and coming out of DeepMind and
put those in the hands of people who

[02:00]
put those in the hands of people who
want to build stuff and the whole sort
of spectrum of builders these days from
everyone from you know developers at
enterprises who are like building
massive companies and products to like
hey I just have this idea and I want to
build my first AI app or build my first
app at all and you know share with a
friend or someone in my family. So we're
building for all of those people which
is challenging but also a lot of fun.
That's exciting. What of like all the
products within Google's AI studio, what
are like the main ones? Why don't you
just list them off?
&gt;&gt; The fun part about Google is we have a
massive spectrum of products. You get
everything from, if folks have heard of
of the Gemini app. So the Gemini app is
like Google's personal assistant powered
by Gemini to, you know, all of the
Gemini integrations that you might find
in like other Google product services.
So that's everything like Google Docs
and Sheets and Drive, etc. all have
Gemini integrations to search with AI
overviews and AI mode uh folks haven't
tried is like an awesome experience
inside of search to as you mentioned

[03:01]
inside of search to as you mentioned
like actually custombuilt a like almost
like AI native products and that's
notebook LM which is sort of like a
research assistant that takes all this
like content that you have and makes it
infinitely repurposable to AI studio
which is a sort of AI builder platform
if you want to create software and you
want to build something powered by AI
and put it in the hands of users as the
platform for you to Google Labs which
has all these like early stage bets and
things like Opal and and others. So
there's there's a huge spectrum. The
simple answer to your question, Chris,
is you can go to Google.ai and it has
sort of like the suite of all of these
different products that are available
and you can sort of look through and
find what maybe is most exciting to you.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you've got a really unique
insight into all of Google's AI
products. If you were forced, heaven
forbid, to have to pick one of them to
build a business with or to start a
business with, only one of them, what
would you choose and why?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. I'm biased
because I spend my time thinking about
AI Studio. So, probably AI Studio. If

[04:00]
AI Studio. So, probably AI Studio. If
you want to build a product and build a
business, I think the my pitch to you
would be build AI products. And the
reason for this is like AI is both
extremely monetizable. There's edges
everywhere you look. like there's all of
these emerging interesting product
experiences that you could potentially
build and actually the barrier to entry
is pretty pretty minimal. The beauty is
you don't need to be an AI expert to go
and like build AI products. You just
need to have some problem that you're
trying to solve and like there's a
probably a good chance if it's at least
a digital problem that AI can help solve
that for you. is this like unique
combination of all these things plus
like consumer interest is increasing,
consumer willingness to pay for AI
products is increasing, costs are going
down, the technology is improving. So
there's like all of these very unique
tailwinds that are happening at the same
time, which I think makes this like such
a exciting moment to build AI products
in AI Studio. You've probably seen a lot
of people building cool stuff with
Google products. What are like some
interesting stories or case studies of

[05:00]
interesting stories or case studies of
people that have used your products to
build something awesome or something
simple or something profitable or any
and all of the above? I'll give sort of
two ends of the spectrum from from an
answer perspective. So on one hand like
in AI studio today teams across Google
are like prototyping the next versions
of a flow which is our video editing
creation product for creatives like
experiences around Google search and
YouTube and other things like that. So
it is really like becoming sort of the
engine room for Google to prototype and
like build nextg AI experiences. So I
see like one end of like you know these
experiences might end up impacting
billions of users. to with the Nano
Banana launch a few weeks ago. On day
one of the Nano Banana launch, users
inside of AI Studio were vibe coding
literally tens of thousands of AI
powered apps using that new model and
like much thinner experiences, things
that are like kind of goofy but also
like interesting like haircut AI and
like all these like photo restoration

[06:00]
like all these like photo restoration
product these like very very vertical
use cases but like you're literally
going from like ah I have that idea. I
could see why people would want that to
deploying the thing into production and
like putting in front of users in
literally 90 seconds and like the cost
and barrier to entry is is literally
free. It's paid when you deploy and you
have to like you know service external
users and stuff but to actually build
the thing is doesn't cost anything which
is just such a unique moment that I
don't think like if you look at the arc
of what's happened in AI historically
there's this lag of like new
capabilities relative to products on the
market actually being available. And I
think what vibe coding is enabling is
this like compression of like new
capability to there's a thousand new
products built on top of that capability
on day one literally being deployed
which is a really unique combination.
Now if someone's hearing that you know
tens of thousands of products being
tested or deployed on day one or week
one give me reasons why and I'm I'm in
your camp here. Give me reasons why
people should not feel discouraged by

[07:00]
people should not feel discouraged by
that like oh it's I'm already too late.
Oh there's haircut AI. I had that idea
like
what are you seeing out there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's such a great question. I
think a couple of things like one the
thing that gets me excited about this
experience that we're building in AI
studio is how easy it is to go and
remix. So like yeah maybe somebody has
like generally the same idea but like
you're like oh actually you know I am a
hair stylist and like I have some unique
insight or like I get my haircut and I
hate these four things about that
experience and like therefore I'm going
to put a unique twist and a unique spin
and like that's literally like one
that's a prompt away. So you're a prompt
away from like yeah maybe like roughly
there's other people doing the same
thing but like you have some unique
differentiated perspective. So I think
even if you take like all of those like
very basic verticals, there's like this
massive like tree explosion at the
bottom end of like how to make it
different and how to keep adding
features and like discoverability and
how you position and how you make the

[08:01]
how you position and how you make the
experience fun. So I really think it's
like every at every one of those
different thousand 10,000 things
there's, you know, maybe a thousand
other additional options that like could
be interesting and fun and exciting
products.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's important that
people start with what they know. Let's
say you're a hairdresser, right? And you
just hear anecdotally, you know, what's
that going to look like? What's it going
to Well, do you want your hair like
this? What is it going to look like? And
you have a unique insight into the
market that makes you want to do haircut
AI, right? But if you're just listening
to this and you have no background in in
working in a salon, you're probably not
the person to do this. But if you do a
quick audit of your own life and
experience, you could have ideas that
are 10 times more valuable than that,
right? Like when we solve our own
problems with these vibe coding tools,
it has the greatest likelihood of
succeeding because we know it more
intimately than anyone else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; believe it or not, 67% of the people
that watch my YouTube videos don't
subscribe to me and over 90% think that
they're subscribed to me. So, do me a

[09:00]
they're subscribed to me. So, do me a
quick favor and check that you're
subscribed to me. If you're not, please
do. It would mean a lot.
&gt;&gt; It is also fun. I I think while at the
same time that that's true, Chris, it is
also fun to just like take random shots
at things that I know nothing about. I'm
like here
&gt;&gt; I do it all the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That it's like both things are
true at the same time that like while
the value of your expertise and your
edge is like very real. It's like also
so much more approachable to like go
into domains in which you're not an
expert and like maybe you actually just
get lucky and stumble upon the thing
that's like really interesting or you
have some like random unique insight
that actually is super valuable. So it
is just another another plus in my book
for this vibe coding moment being like
such an interesting experience.
&gt;&gt; Have you ever read the book range?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm
thinking of as we talk about this
because they did a study and a lot of
times the experts have like the worst
insight because they're so biased and
they look at something a very specific
and narrow way. Whereas an quote unquote
ignorant outsider comes in and they, you

[10:00]
ignorant outsider comes in and they, you
know, it's like the midwip meme. They
look at it like a caveman and they have
this big unlock because they're not
biased by their previous history. So I
do think there's there's a range there,
right, between like what you know, what
you recognize, you being able to see
opportunities more clearly than others
and like you being way too biased,
right? You being like the old fogy in
the room that's like, "Oh, that would
never work because I've been in that
business for 10 years." Like I've had
people tell me that and I've launched
anyway and it's gone great, right? So, I
think it's a matter of finding where
your place is on that spectrum and just
taking wild home runs on
either.
&gt;&gt; I think you're 100% right. And it's also
because of how accessible this is now.
Literally, you could be doing and taking
a shot at building something every
single day, which is awesome. And like
that's how I feel. Like I I wish I had
more time in the day, but like there's a
thousand things I want to build. And
like you actually could be building one
AI app every day with like probably 30
minutes of work or something like that.
And like again, maybe the first 50

[11:00]
And like again, maybe the first 50
things you build aren't interesting and
no one cares, but like the 51st might
be. And like again,
&gt;&gt; you spent zero dollars in that whole
process to get to the point where like
you actually built something that you're
really excited about. So such a special
moment again from that perspective.
&gt;&gt; Well, and could you imagine how arrogant
that advice would sound three years ago?
Like just launch 50 different things.
It's like what? like I don't have
unlimited time and money and now it's
like no that's 50 prompts like you can
do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's something interesting
about if folks follow like Levels IO and
some of these like people online who
talk about like you know they had like
20 ideas and only three of them worked
and the three that worked are now like
you know $100,000 a month businesses or
whatever. Like that experience probably
doesn't perfectly generalize across
everyone who tries to do this but like
that is now like more in reach than it's
ever been. you can literally take shots
at it and like yeah you should be
thoughtful and deliberate about what
shots you want to take but like the
barrier is like basically non-existent
which is really exciting like it really
is just like do you have agency you know

[12:01]
is just like do you have agency you know
are you interested are you spending your
time doing this or is like there's
something that's more high value in the
world that you're spending your time on
instead
&gt;&gt; yeah that's beautifully said and I ask
you this next question more as like
someone who I know is a student of the
game and like in the startup community
ecosystem seeing what's happening How
are you seeing people find success at
actually marketing these apps that they
vibe coded and not just building them?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, one of the interesting things is
this goes back to like what is the edge
that you have? Like I'm somewhat biased
because I spend a lot of time on like
seeing what people are building on
social which I think is like one version
of this of this like flywheel of like
how people are coming to market these
days is like you could basically for
free social first engage and go and do
that. I think there's another angle of
this which I've seen more and more
startups and this is like more in like
the indie hacker bootstrapped space but
people are building these like packages
of not just a single tool but it's like
hey you're a student or hey you are x y

[13:00]
hey you're a student or hey you are x y
and z persona here's the package of like
10 AI tools that you need. So it's not
like
&gt;&gt; I I'm trying to make the tool to rule
all tools. It's like actually no, you
have 10 different needs as a student or
as a as a lawyer or as a whatever your
your persona is and like I'm going to
package all these things up. I think
some of the challenge is like how you go
to market with that package looks very
different than how you would go to
market with one of those individual
tools. like the search volume for
example for like you know haircut AI
might be extremely thin but you sort of
package together the like seven
different tools in some specific domain
and then all of a sudden like you've
actually reached a critical mass where
there might be a business that you can
build. So, I think that's one of the
things that I've been most interested in
and I I don't know if like I haven't
seen a lot of people doing this and
could be an interesting edge to like try
to to try to come up with what that
package would look like for like a
getting to a wider audience. Well, I
just interviewed a guy John Rush. Do you
follow him at all?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm not sure.

[14:00]
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm not sure.
&gt;&gt; It was episode 228 and he he makes three
million bucks a year from a dozen AI
tools. Maybe like 20 AI tools and it's
definitely 8020, right? like most of
them don't make much money, but he has
like an an AI SEO tool and a marketing
tool and all these other tools. And it's
all like he's selling them to startup
guys to indie hackers, etc. But he's
able to cross-ell and crossromote
between all of his email lists and he's
able to triple down on his same like
meta ad accounts and he's able to, you
know, share all these resources, his AWS
account and all these things. He just
has a lot of surface area for learning
what people want and what they're asking
for or not asking for. And he's able to
take all these shots on goal. And you
know, if I might have signed up for
this, you know, AI SEO tool for 100
bucks a month, but never actually paid
for it or I churned out, but then I end
up spending $200 a month for this other
tool that he offered me. I think that's
a really smart idea. Like there's no
point in building something and not
hitting publish on it, right? Or telling

[15:00]
hitting publish on it, right? Or telling
people how or why you're building it.
like it's very little incremental
friction to publish what you're doing
compared to actually doing the thing,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think there's also something
which is an interesting point that
you're making Chris, which is I also
think there's just like a level of
complexity in what you have to build.
And if you think about like if you're
just getting started doing this stuff
like again building the like full
endto-end AI marketer that does SEO and
outbound and ads and five other it's
just like really daunting and I think
for a lot of people like your experience
is like probably not
&gt;&gt; broad enough that you would have enough
domain expertise to like really have a
point of view on like what's the right
product experience for all those things.
But like you can maybe build the like
sliver again like thin version of like
three of those products pretty easily.
It makes me ponder what the future is
going to look like as as people sort of
you know there maybe will be these like
all the like big companies or maybe not
all of them but like all these companies
are trying to build the everything app
and at the same time that everyone's
trying to build the everything app like

[16:00]
trying to build the everything app like
it's now becoming easier and easier to
also build the like just one thing app
and I think users actually appreciate
that sometimes like I don't want all
this complexity I just want to stick a
picture of myself into an app and like
see what I look like with different
haircuts I don't need a bunch of other
stuff
&gt;&gt; like I mean Elon Musk isn't even really
finding success at building an
everything app, but you're you're out
there trying to build the next HubSpot,
you know, like what what do you just
build a tool that puts furniture in
people's empty rooms and go from there?
&gt;&gt; There's like very specific niches of
this. Like I love the furniture one, but
like I was helping my girlfriend with
this. She wanted curtains. That was the
only thing that she cared about. She was
like, I don't need to redesign my whole
room with AI. I just want to see seven
different types of curtains. and like
going deep on that experience. Like
again, it's maybe it's maybe the funnel
to your, you know, furniture AI
business, but like really the thing that
people are trying to solve is like some
very specific problem and you can win on
the niche and like then get people back
into the larger funnel.
&gt;&gt; Um, I love that. Like I just wish people
had more of a bias towards like that's

[17:00]
had more of a bias towards like that's
not niche enough as opposed to that's
too niche. AI curtains, you know, like
that's not too niche.
&gt;&gt; It's not too niche. But I I do think and
it's interesting. I think this like bias
comes from like the historical cognitive
dissonance of like the cost to build
software being high. So like all the
conventional wisdom the way that
humanity has been programmed is like you
have to take a big enough swing for it
to be worth it to build software because
the cost of building software is high
and I think it is like not trivial I
think for a lot of people that go
through the like flipping the switch
that like actually the cost of building
software is now trivial and like the
strategy in which you should employ in
that world looks very different than the
conventional wisdom. I genuinely think
the way that the flip happens is you
like experience it firsthand. Like you
go build 15 different furniture apps
powered by AI in a single day and you're
like, "Wait, holy crap. The limitations
are all different than what I thought
they were."
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. You spoke on a a different
interview about I forget which product
it was that watched like a 30 minute
museum video and pulled out a list of

[18:00]
museum video and pulled out a list of
exhibits. What are you seeing with AI
tools that can quote unquote watch
video, even if it's just frame by frame?
And what applications do you think are
exciting around that technology?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. Do you
want to build stuff or I can I can
answer this question, but we should I'm
happy to I'll sort of give vibecoded
answers to all of these questions and
then and then we'll try and I'll also
talk while it while it writes the app.
And this is a fairly selfish question
because this is something that I've been
trying to do personally. Like I want a
tool that can like watch short form
videos for me and like extract
interesting points from it where I can
ask it questions that can go out a
aentically and find interesting short
form videos that I might be able to post
content about. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I love that. So I'll kick off
building something and then I'll give
you my answer. So, we want to build
let's do and maybe I'll try I'll see if
it's speech to text on a podcast. Does
it work? Let's see. Build me an app that
takes in a video and then parses out

[19:02]
takes in a video and then parses out
perhaps the most interesting stuff from
the video, picks up on the trends, gives
me sort of maybe an entire analysis of
what happened, what the gist of the
video is, what the takeaway should be,
10 insights, but make it so that I can
actually use AI to customize that report
that's being generated in addition to
using AI to analyze the video as it's
processed. What a prompt. It's like
watching Picasso in his prime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my my word vomit of uh watching
that doing that prompt live without
being thought more thoughtful about it.
But
&gt;&gt; no, that's great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what to answer the question
like that example that I was ref
referring to about a tool that can like
take videos and you know in the example
I was giving it was a museum and you can
sort of extract all of the exhibits in
the museum. The beauty is it's just
Gemini. Like literally that is just like
the Gemini model out of the box. So you
can actually do this in AI Studio. So if
you just go to AI.studio, you upload a

[20:00]
you just go to AI.studio, you upload a
video, you ask the prompt is like
extract all of the different scenes from
this video, it will literally go and do
that for you. So it's like very simple
that works out of the box. The question
then is like what is the product
experience that you sort of build around
that model? And I think that's where the
magic is. I've just seen like Gemini has
state-of-the-art image and video
understanding. It's it's one of the only
models that has native video
understanding as well. And it's more
than just like the frame like it's not
just if you were to like pull sample a
specific frame. It's more than that.
It's like the interled frame and audio
coming together and like the context
that it's shared on a like a frame and
audio by audio basis. So it's a little
bit more complicated than that.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
got an AI video analysis engine. Now I
need to see do I actually have a video
on my desktop that I can use for this.
All right, 270 megabytes. Let's see if
it says I can do supposedly up to 1
gigabyte. So let me drag this in and

[21:03]
gigabyte. So let me drag this in and
analyze video. Let's see. And so just to
give context on this, you know, the
prompt was build an application that
takes a video, parses it, application
should identify the most interesting,
etc., etc. You can see it in the top
lefthand corner. Gemini 2.5 Pro went and
you know did a plan, wrote all the code
for this and actually made me an AI
video analysis engine. I just copy and
dragged this and was able to get an
analysis was able to get 10 key
takeaways and then the cool thing is we
can actually again and this is powered
by AI in real time. We could change what
we want from this analysis. So, Chris, I
don't know if you if you have
suggestions of like how we would
potentially change this analysis, but we
can change it if you want.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What about videos that have no
text or no audio? It's just
&gt;&gt; just like pure video.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh-huh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We can also do that. So, I
think it's it has this goes to like
Gemini has like native image
understanding and video understanding.

[22:00]
understanding and video understanding.
So, it can if there's no audio like it's
perfectly fine. We could find a video
that has no audio and it'll actually
like look
&gt;&gt; okay. My mind is just like buzzing with
the possibilities. I don't know why I've
never had much success with like an AI
watching videos, but I just haven't. But
this
&gt;&gt; I think it works really really well. So
this is we have like tons of customers
who are super successfully doing like AI
watching videos. And there's this
interesting loop now where it's like AI
watching video that is then AI
generating video with V3 which is then
like using NO Banana to do something
like I've seen a lot more of this
activity where you can sort of take this
full suite of models stitch them all up
together and we have some examples of
this where it's like can you yeah can
you stitch all these things up together
and these are just a bunch of the like
random examples in our in our gallery
right now but yeah lots of cool stuff
and like I genuinely think you're
probably three prompts away from
something that works really well. And
again, it's like critically the Gemini
model that's enabling that analysis.
&gt;&gt; What are some other use cases for
watching videos that you've seen people

[23:00]
watching videos that you've seen people
use?
&gt;&gt; That's a good question. I think one of
the one of the most interesting ones is
like there's all of this intelligence in
videos and it's just like how do you
extract intelligence from videos? Like I
talked to a lot of companies that just
like have lots of video data internally
inside of the company and they're like,
"Yeah, wouldn't it be nice?" And I think
like content creators actually is like
another great example where like I you
know very inactively do my own podcast
and like for that I'm like you know if I
wanted some montage I did this in the
past where like I basically uploaded all
of the data and I built this pipeline
that would just like go through the
video and I would ask a question and it
would like search across all of my
videos completely vibecoded and like
pull out interesting insights that like
I didn't even know that I talked about
that on one of my podcasts. M they're
super cool.
&gt;&gt; All right, I've talked about this
company before and why? Because you can
make a lot of money with it. You can
start with nothing and have no
experience. Right now, local businesses
are drowning in software subscriptions.
CRM here, email there, booking system.

[24:01]
CRM here, email there, booking system.
What if you could just solve all of that
for other business owners with one tool
that they pay you for every month? And
you don't even need to build the tool.
Highlevel lets you white label their
entire platform. You brand it, you sell
it, you keep the monthly recurring
revenue. I have watched people build
six-figure businesses doing exactly
this. And I know of others that built
seven or eight figure businesses doing
exactly this. So check out
gohighlevel.com/chris
for 30 days free. Seriously guys, this
could be your next move. You can just do
things. What are mistakes that you're
seeing people make when it comes to
prompting andor vibe coding that are
easily fixed? Yeah, I think the big one
is like people and I actually think like
building software is very much like this
as well. It requires persistence, you
know, in this example of that we were
just looking at like it kind of worked.
It like kind of didn't like maybe it
kind of like missed the point of like
the second part of what I wanted, but
like the beauty is the cost to continue
to iterate is literally just like
putting something in the prompt box. And
we even added a bunch of, you know,

[25:01]
we even added a bunch of, you know,
suggested downloading the report as text
or clearing error messages or refining
report sections. a bunch of pre-made
prompts that will like show up here
based on the context of what you're
building. So, I think people oftentimes
if that first one doesn't just like hit
the home run, they're like, "Ah, this
thing doesn't work." But I think it's
like really, you know, you're 10 prompts
away from the home run. And the
important part is that you do the 10
prompts to get there. I think that's the
biggest mistake right now. With
everything changing so fast, what skills
or habits do you think will stay
valuable throughout all these changes
that we're seeing with AI?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's funny. And like back to the a
similar thread of the last question you
asked. I think everyone talks about like
oh building soft you know being a
software engineer is this like
diminishing thing that you should be
doing. And it's it's funny because I
think about the skills that I learned as
somebody who's like traditionally
trained in building software as a you
know computer science undergrad and
someone who was formerly a software
engineer. I think about almost none of

[26:01]
engineer. I think about almost none of
that of what I learned having to be like
typing typing letters into a key into a
keyboard that then translates into code.
And like I think almost all of it is
like how to think about solving
problems, how to be resilient. And I
don't know about you all or other folks
who have built software, but like my
experience of building software is error
messages.
And I think that's like a spending years
of your life just seeing error messages.
I think like things basically not
working I think trains you in a very
different way of like how to be
resilient and I think the reality is
like how to be resilient and how to have
agency and like go and take initiative I
think are like the two determining
factors in all of this and just life in
general. The challenge is like how do
you put yourself into an environment
where you can do both of those things.
The nice thing is like for AI is sort of
enabling you to be have more agency like
you now have all these tools at your
disposal. the floor is sort of is
leveled up so that you don't have to
worry about like the drudgery of a lot

[27:01]
worry about like the drudgery of a lot
of the tasks that you were doing before.
I think it's a beautiful moment from
that perspective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean a more agency can make or
break people depending on the person,
right? It could drive us to be our best
selves or more of our worst selves, but
I think the people listening to andor
watching this are are in the the former
category. What are some overhyped like
AI use cases that you're seeing right
now that you're you're not bullish on?
&gt;&gt; Travel. I hate the idea that I'm gonna
be booking my flights with uh and this
is as somebody who travels too much. We
were talking before this off camera. I
travel too much. I wish I wasn't
traveling, but I just think it's like
the most quintessential like demo use
case that is like not actually valuable
that much. I think it's also because my
the form factor that I've seen like I do
think there's something interesting in
AI, you know, enabled travel planning,
but I think the product experience that
most people are building is like AI to
book your flight ticket. I'm like, I
don't know about you, but the United
website is like pretty simple to use.
Like I don't actually need AI to book my

[28:01]
Like I don't actually need AI to book my
flight. I need AI to like orchestrate
the like actual complexity of traveling.
And like the most of the products are
not doing that. So, it's just like the
easy thing they're actually helping me
solve and I'm like, I don't need the
easy thing to be solved. I need the hard
thing to be solved.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. People are trying to to solve a
problem that's not a problem. And the
cost of AI getting it wrong is quite
high. If I have AI book me a flight to
Vegas with a layover anywhere, you know,
is really messed up.
&gt;&gt; There's like 50 non-stop flights from
DFW to Vegas every day. But that would
happen like something in the logic would
happen to save me $3. it would it would
have me lay over in uh Miami or
something and that's to save me three
minutes. What are some travel AI use
cases that you think could be useful if
any? There's something interesting about
like how do you bring together all of
these like disperate sources across the
internet? Like you know I think there's
some amount of useful signal that you
get from like main travel websites as an
example, but there's also like you kind
of want to discount the opinions that

[29:00]
of want to discount the opinions that
you get like depending on what
experience you're looking for. If you
want like a nuanced travel experience,
choose your favorite like rating website
that that rates like places on travel.
Like oftentimes you might actually get
like, you know, it's four and a half
stars, but it's like very biased because
it's like a bunch of, you know, US
travelers or it's like some, you know,
specific persona that is like maybe not
the persona that you're looking for,
even though you might be a US traveler
yourself, which is the irony. So, I
think there's something that like how do
you sort of connect all of this stuff
together and have like real sort of like
travel intelligence of like where you're
going and like the places that you
should be going to that like maybe are
haven't bubbled up to the top level of
like you know the the hottest place to
be and also like discounting a lot of
those places like if you want to avoid
those things and also just like the
logistics I think about this like
traveling places that have like public
transportation systems that are like
knew I was in London a few weeks ago and
hadn't used the like London train system

[30:02]
hadn't used the like London train system
to get from the airport before and I was
like halfway through this process of
like walking around to the airport. I
was like I sure hope I'm going the right
way. The information about how these
systems work is like out there on the
internet. You just need to like build an
experience that make if I had gotten
like a email from my AI travel agent
saying like hey by the way you're in
London here are your three options for
how to travel and like here's literally
the map of how to do that. Like that
wouldn't even be that hard. I could have
probably viodated it beforehand, but I
just didn't send it set it up.
&gt;&gt; What if it was like a travel companion
that texted you like it was it tracked
you like Uber might and texted you as
you got to different spots along your
journey like, "Hey, I see you. I see you
landed. You're going to head to Terminal
4 because that's where the new, you
know, subway is, right? Oh, cool. You
found the subway. Awesome. I know you
love Lebanese food. There's a fivestar
rated place right at this stop, right?"
like just kind of like text along the
way and you could tell it to stop at any
point, but it's it's tracking you.
&gt;&gt; Text as the form factor is is something

[31:00]
&gt;&gt; Text as the form factor is is something
that I'm like overly I'm overly excited
and bullish on.
&gt;&gt; 100% 100%. I don't want more
notifications, but I can handle it if
it's all within my messages app.
&gt;&gt; And like you're traveling with your
friends and like all of a sudden now
it's multiplayer in the conversation.
And like I want to put my sort of travel
companion into the group chat and like
I'm I'm traveling with my family in a
few in a few weeks and like I would love
to be able to like just not have to be
the arbiter of information about like
what's our plan and our like all this
like conversation toil that you have to
have like put my companion in there drop
the little thing and then whoever
forgets to check the Google sheet that
has all the list of the itinerary just
text in the group chat and like the
companion is going to answer. like
technologically like it's actually not
that hard to build that which is
awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, abs. It's a Twilio integration.
What other cool things like are you like
did we not get to that you're just
excited like a proud parent to show me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good question. So,
there's two that are top of mind and
I'll show one of them and the other one
we're working on like a great showcase

[32:01]
we're working on like a great showcase
for. I think like voice AI agents and
like computer use agents I think are two
things that are really exciting.
computer use agents. We just launched at
the time of this recording like
literally yesterday a state-of-the-art
model that's able to sort of like
navigate browsers and do all this stuff
for you. And it's like a really helpful
if you if you're somebody who's like
thinking about building agents, it's
really helpful as like a supplemental
mechanism to like go and gather
information or to like automate
repetitive like UI tasks that you're
potentially doing. So really excited
about that. The other one which is like
adjacent to this is like voice agents. I
think there's a huge amount of alpha in
this. Like if folks have like tracked
the voice AI market, the like amount of
companies, the model quality, the like
investment, the use cases are all like
up and to the right. There's like a huge
amount of potential impact. And like
it's actually not that hard to build.
And the fun thing is like you can
literally go and vibe code voice AI
experiences inside of AI Studio, which

[33:01]
experiences inside of AI Studio, which
is really cool. So, I'm going to show
you this demo and then we'll I'm trying
to think of like what do what do we want
to build that's like voice AI
&gt;&gt; powered. I will say I had this lead
magnet that was just a form for this
initiative I have and I just swapped it
out with a voice AI agent and I'm
upfront that it's a voice AI agent and I
see every day like the transcripts of
whoever having a conversation with my
agent and I've talked to them like
afterwards and they love it. Like they
know it's AI. It's a great experience. I
think we have this perception that a
voice AI agent is taking over and people
aren't going to like it and it's more
frustrating than being on hold with
AT&T, but it's a better experience. And
if you know it's AI and you don't feel
tricked, it's just superior. Extremely
bullish on that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's actually a
great thing. Let me try vibe coding
this. So, I'll I'll describe what I
understand of what this is doing and
we'll see if the model can we'll see if
AI Studio can actually build me an app
that does this out of the box.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. I want a landing page

[34:00]
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. I want a landing page
for my website where we sell we actually
sell AI services and I want the product
experience when you land on my website
to be an AI voice agent powered by the
live API and basically the whole
experience is going to be a it's you
know it's a veneer on top of a lead
genen form behind so the user will talk
to the live API and behind the scenes
the model will actually just be filling
out a form And then once the model has
the information that it needs, which
let's say that it's like the name and
the email address and the company that
the the person works at, the model will
say thanks. It'll end the conversation
and then it'll kick off a workflow
behind the scenes to email that person
and like create a lead genen in and some
database. So let's do all that. Let's
powered by the live API and let's make
the website look futuristic. I want a
little bit of uh I want to feel like I'm
in the future for this. And my nickname
for this is yap. Yap to app. So we'll
we'll see if uh

[35:00]
we'll see if uh
&gt;&gt; let's see how good it is. This is a
fairly involved. So like this might be
an example to you know level set my own
expectations. This might be an example
where like it doesn't work the first
time because we're actually I didn't
think deeply about my prompt and I was
truly just yapping. But we'll see
whether or not we get anything
interesting from this. But yeah, I'm I'm
not surprised there's that like not you
as you were describing Chris that like
experience that a lot of the users have.
I also think there's this like novelty
effect where like you might be able to
like it's people are surprised and
interested in this because they don't
see that experience everywhere. And like
I do maybe there's a
&gt;&gt; there's a time window of like when
that's true but like it feels like it's
right now where like people are open and
willing to try because they know how AI
is changing stuff.
&gt;&gt; Well, and the bar is pretty low. Like if
I need to call customer support for
anything, my day is ruined. I'm I'm
yelling at my kids. It's I'm on hold.
I'm gonna get hung up on. Like, that's
what AI has to be. We will never be on
hold ever again, right? It's either that

[36:00]
hold ever again, right? It's either that
or I'm calling a restaurant to make a
reservation and they don't answer,
right? Like, that's kind of what we're
up against here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. It looks like it's
done. 66 seconds. I have low confidence
it's going to work, but let's try it.
Hey, how's it going?
&gt;&gt; It's going well. Thanks for asking. I'm
here to help you with Stellar AI. Could
I get your full name, email address, and
company name?
&gt;&gt; Yes, my name's Logan Kilpatrick. My
email is email@xyz.com,
and I work for Google.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Logan Fitzpatrick, for
providing your full name, email address,
and company. I have noted that you work
for Google. Is there anything else I can
help you with today?
&gt;&gt; Nope, I'm all good. Can you contact
Stellar AI and let them know that I'm
interested? We were so close. almost
almost zero shot experience accepted. Uh
&gt;&gt; that's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm curious.
&gt;&gt; But I think it you sort of close like
I'm like two prompts away from this
thing being what I need.
&gt;&gt; Is it like a walled garden? Like if you
said what's the capital of of Kansas,

[37:01]
said what's the capital of of Kansas,
would it answer you or would it be like
uh I'm not trained on that? You know,
&gt;&gt; that's a good question. So I think my my
hypothesis is like the guard actually.
So this is where looking at the code is
actually helpful. So if I go to code and
then I go to see notvoice agent.tsx.
Oh no, here it is. Yeah, actually system
instructions. You are helpful, friendly
and personal AI agent for seller AI.
Your primary goal is to collect the
user's full name, email, and company
name. Be conversational and in be
conversational and engaging. Once you
successfully collect all the pieces of
information, you must call the submit
leads form function. Do not ask for
other personal information. Give the
user an introduction to yourself before
starting. So my guess is like this
system instruction doesn't say anything
about like don't answer other questions.
My so my guess is it'll answer right
now. We can try and then we could try
adding in like only talk about stellar
AI do not talk about anything else and
see how much it works. But my assumption
is that works out of the box as well.
The pause the latency is so much better

[38:00]
The pause the latency is so much better
than even a year ago. Right. It was it
was awkwardly long. I didn't notice it
at all there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't it feels it feels
extremely natural. It it is actually
always surprising to me how quick it is.
But yeah, it is it's it's very fast. So,
I'm going to keep playing around this. I
might maybe I'll add a Voice AI agent to
my personal website and see if people uh
want to talk to my voice AI agent and
I'll just have it make up random stuff
and confuse people just to throw them
off my trail.
Oh man, that is really cool. What are
some things that you're excited about
that feels like still very underexplored
like unexploited by the everyday person?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good question.
&gt;&gt; Let me ask a follow-up which is related.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How big is the opportunity to have like
an AI automation andor implementation
business or agency that helps implement
these tools into small businesses? Cuz
you and I toy around with them and it's
easy. You oneshot prompt it. Cool. It
doesn't matter how easy it is, right? It

[39:01]
doesn't matter how easy it is, right? It
doesn't matter how easy Google ads or
Facebook ads or building websites are.
Like there will always be business
owners that just want someone to do it
for them. Quick question. What if there
were a private community out there of
people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
Owners and it's basically like having me
and 100 other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
It's not about the the complexity, it's
about the brain space and like the the
perception of difficulty. Do you see
that as being a a big opportunity? Well,
so I I'll give my bias, which is like I
don't know what the actual numbers look
like. My intuition and like my personal
experience engaging with people and I'll

[40:00]
experience engaging with people and I'll
share I was at a was an event in Santa
Barbara last week and it was like some
of the top executives in the world from
like all the like Fortune 200 companies
and even these top executives who I
think are like obviously extremely smart
like in the know they they're they have
teams that are telling them how
important AI is. if you like actually
get into the nitty-gritty, like a lot of
folks don't know how to use AI tools and
like they would need to go and delegate
to like go and do a bunch of these
things and they're like extremely well-
paid like at the frontier of sort of
knowledge.
&gt;&gt; They can talk the talk but that's about
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And they're like and it's
like really interesting to see this and
then they actually like need a lot of
handholding in order to make progress on
this stuff. So I think like you take
small businesses that are like just
trying to get by and like go and make,
you know, move the needle on, you know,
their family business or some small
business with only a few people. Like I
think there's just not enough time in
the day to be deeply embedded. And like
you show them these three experiences.

[41:01]
you show them these three experiences.
Like I was on a call with a clothing
brand and they were talking about how
they like want to do all these ideas
with mood boarding and like using AI and
virtual tryon. And I was literally on
this call just like vibe coding the
things that they're saying. And I was
like, "Yeah, uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh."
And like we were just like, "Here,
here's the app that actually does that."
And they're like, "How is that possible
that you already have this thing ready?"
And like you can give people like the
timeline, the like fact that it took 66
seconds to build this thing. And again,
it wasn't perfect, but like you get the
point across of like this is within
reach, which I think is a lot of the
cognitive dissonance that folks have
right now is like they don't actually
believe that it's in reach. And I think
there's a world where like you can
actually just go and the experience
sells itself. so much because you can go
and take this vibecoded experience, you
can go find this com company website
that you want to work with, you can take
their product or their website,
reimagine it with AI and like that's
your lead genen and like the cost to you
is like basically zero. But you can do
that outreach and instead of being like,
"Hey, I'm blah blah blah and I do AI

[42:01]
"Hey, I'm blah blah blah and I do AI
stuff," you can be like, "Hey, I
redesigned your website using AI. Here
it is. If this seems interesting to you,
let me know. If not, like your marginal
cost was basically nothing." So it's
like on both ends of the spectrum of
building this type of like AI agency,
you can do really targeted, really rich,
really deep outreach and at the same
time like you have a customer base
that's like potentially really excited
and interested. And again, I'll my
caveat to this I don't know how big the
actual market is, but like I would
imagine it's large and there's a lot of
people who want this as a as a service.
So well, I mean there's there's 400
million small businesses around the
world. All of them need AI to some
extent. Maybe not all of them can afford
$1,000 a month, but um I'm insanely
bullish about that. What do you think V3
is going to look like in five years?
&gt;&gt; I think it'll look like a toy, but also
like an important like to me V3 and this
is from from conversations that I've
seen like V3 was the GBT4 moment for
generative media. I think there's like
all of these companies that are engaged
in that space have now realized like, oh

[43:01]
in that space have now realized like, oh
no, this technology is actually possible
and going to be good enough and like
it's basically here right now. the
exponential increase in like sort of
maybe not exponential but the increase
in like capabilities and how good the
models are becoming I think has made
like lots of folks across the ecosystem
aware. So I think there'll be like a
huge amount of investment over the next
three years and it will be like a
massive accelerant of like the media and
entertainment industry which is which is
exciting and sort of like the outcome
that you would want as yeah as a as a
fan of the space. Will we be in a in a
cinear theater in 5 years watching a a
Tom Cruz movie that cost 500,000 to
produce with V3? Is that realistic?
&gt;&gt; It's a good question. I don't know. My
my sense is like actually what's more
realistic to me is that there's this
like infinite canvas of media that I
think is really interesting. So, I think
I think my my expectation is like the
Tom Cruz movie will still have a high,
you know, maybe some like roughly the
production cost will go down, but it'll

[44:00]
production cost will go down, but it'll
still be expensive. It'll still, you
know, they'll still really deeply like
art and craft put into making this an
experience that both like the people
producing it and also the audience is
going to love. The thing that will be
net new is the the content lifespan with
this like infinite repurposing and
adventure is going to dramatically
change. So the way you experience
content is like you'll have a base video
and you'll be able to be like wait this
is f I love this story but what would
happen if you know Tom Cruz decided not
to hang out on the side of an airplane
and to do something else instead and
like you can go and see what what's
possible. So I think there they'll and I
don't know it'll be interesting to see
how like the platforms adopt this but
like I think this infinite content
remixing and like exploration is going
to be very much possible which is
exciting. I completely agree and I'm not
of the mindset that like V3 is going to
replace Hollywood, right? The Kindle
didn't replace books. There's going to
be a world for both but I just think

[45:01]
be a world for both but I just think
it's going to look so different and what
we see on V3 today is going to look
laughable in a few years. And it today
it looks amazing.
It's pretty good today.
&gt;&gt; What What's like a Google product that
you wish everyone knew existed that is
just completely slept on and ignored and
underrated?
&gt;&gt; And it'll sound counterintuitive, but AI
mode and Google search despite it being
such a big product surface like has
actually gotten like the the user
journey of like I ask a query, it's sort
of I get an AI overview, I want to sort
of go deeper and like look at the you
know look at the links and have a deeper
conversation. one click into AI mode.
The AI mode experience is like so fast.
They're like constantly rolling it out
into new countries and languages and all
that stuff. So I think also specifically
like the US where like the prevalence of
like all of these AI tools is so large.
Like we don't think about AI mode that
much in the US, but actually like it is
likely the first experience that
billions of people are going to have
using AI and it's actually like

[46:02]
using AI and it's actually like
comparable against the rest of the AI
ecosystem. Like it's a frontier AI
experience. It's like the quality is
really great. It's super fast. I'm proud
for the Google search team who was able
to build that because like I think
they've actually built like a really top
tier experience and it's great that that
also gets to be the experience that like
billions of people who haven't used AI
before will will get to feel. Yeah. I
feel like those that are on like the
online tech bubble or the Twitter bubble
think that chat GBD is king and then
that is secondary. But when I talk to my
friends that are not on Twitter, which
is honestly most of them, like my real
world friends, they're not on Twitter.
They're using Gemini and they're using
AI search through Google as they should,
like we're millennials and we've been
using Google our whole lives. It's the
it's the most frictionless way to
experience it. With that in mind, and
this I don't know this is kind of a
different question, but what is your
bold thesis for Google as a company in
an age of, you know, Google's Google ads
being eaten by other LLMs? Yeah, it's an
interesting question. I think my

[47:01]
interesting question. I think my
worldview is everywhere I look, I get
excited about Google and there's there's
so many interesting places where like
Google has built and like search I think
is one of these where like Google has
this like steward responsibility in the
ecosystem and like if you look at what
that means from a product perspective,
it means that like our obligation to the
world is to not like snap our fingers
and then all of a sudden everything
changes inside of Google because
actually in a lot of ways Google is the
front door to the internet and the
internet economy. So I think like how
you approach building that product and
the responsibility that Google has to
build that product looks very different
than in other domains where like it's a
complete completely green field like
Google's basically competing against you
know all of these like other top
companies and like it's super
competitive and like it's a you know no
there's no clear winner yet. And so I
think it it's been interesting to see us
make bets across the board. I think the
thing that gets me like I I'll make two
like small comments about what gets me

[48:00]
like small comments about what gets me
most excited. I think Deep Mind helping
solve all of these scientific problems
is like a very real potential positive
outcome for the world. And I don't know
if you saw this, but sort of folks at
Google, we just got our third Nobel
Prize in in two years, which is awesome.
So like Google really is this like home
of frontier science that's taking place.
Demis and John John Jumper won last year
and then we just won one for a bunch of
the the guy who runs our our the Google
AI quantum lab and so there's like so
much frontier science work that's
happening is really exciting. The other
angle is infrastructure and I think
Google builds the world's best
infrastructure. So for me as like
somebody who if you think about the
future like ultimately dependent on this
AI infrastructure that's being built out
Google is like well integrated in that
world and we have our TPUs which are
sort of on the frontier of what's
possible with with computing hardware
and like I actually have two TPUs behind
me if you can see which is really fun.
So yeah, I I think there's everywhere I

[49:01]
So yeah, I I think there's everywhere I
look, there's reasons to be bullish in
addition to, you know, Whimo and all
these other experiences. Like it's just
yeah, it's a ton of fun to be at Google
these days. And I think it's we're just
getting started, which is funny to say
given how how great things have gone for
Google. You only realize how early you
are decades later, right? It's easy to
feel that you're late at anything, but
usually when you look back on it, you
were early like most of the time, right?
And we're very early. Is there anything
that I should have asked you that you
just find super interesting that people
would find helpful? Before we go,
&gt;&gt; I'll make one last pitch that
ai.studio/build
get started vibe coding for free. If
folks have product feedback or questions
or need us to build things for you, let
me know. We're we're very much like
building AI studio in public, which is
what I'd love to do. So, you're on the
internet, on email, Twitter, whatever.
Send us feedback, send a suggestion uh
suggestions. And Chris, thank you for
for having me on and for taking the time
to chat. I would love to. We got to vibe
code some stuff together and would love
feedback.

[50:00]
feedback.
&gt;&gt; I would love that. And uh where can we
find you, Logan, if anyone wants to
reach out?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm on Twitter, LinkedIn, Logan
Kapatrick. You can find me find me all
over the internet where people are
talking about AI.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, thanks Logan.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; All right. What' you think? Please share
it with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner