[00:00]
How much did you make before you even quit
your job on this? And I did nine grand of
revenue with the full-time $32,000 in the first
two months. It's one stump sitting there. I have
a $200 minimum. 200 bucks for 5 minutes of work.
I didn't even have to Google my business till like
month four or five. And worst case scenario, this
business, the grinders don't really lose value.
Trailers don't lose value. I would have had a
truck that I would have drove to my new job.
If someone's watching this and they're like,
I'm broke, but I love this business. What is
the most costefficient way to start it? You
could rent a truck, you could rent a trailer,
incredible that you spend $0 to send a text. You
spend $0 to call them and that 5minute investment
pays you hundreds to thousands of dollars per
month. Can I tell you my number one contractor
how much he gave me this summer? Yeah, I think he
gave me 25 grand in four or five months. I'm out
of here. It's ridiculous. Whoever said that money
doesn't grow on trees never thought to check in
the stump. So, today I'm going to tell you about
Tyler. Tyler is a 28-year-old that one year ago
was listening to my podcast where Nick and I were
talking about the stump grinding business and how
profitable it would be. He liked that segment so
much he listened to it a hundred times. 2 months

[01:03]
later he had quit his job and made $26,000
of net profit. And the best part, he has no
employees. So today I'm going to talk to Tyler.
I'm going to talk to Nick. We're going to break
down this business and show you exactly what you
need to do to copy everything he did. So let's go.
How many jobs did you do before you got like
a big fancy trailer? I had like 70k in revenue
before I got anything wrapped or any branding or
I think before I even had to Google my business.
Yep. Yep. Yep.
[Music]
So, this is the job site. Yeah. They've already
cut. You got a call from who? The homeowner or
this one was a homeowner. Yes. Home owner called
you. Really? Yeah. How'd they find you? I'm like
number one on in Utah County. Not to brag. How
are you number one? Uh, a lot of reviews. So,
name of the game. Name of the game. And I
actually kind of backdoored some reviews. So,

[02:01]
this is kind of cool cuz it's a sub business
to start. So, everything probably my first 50
grand of revenue was just from subs. Explain what
you mean by that. Okay. So, walking through this,
a tree company came here at one time and took the
trees down. What the tree company hates doing is
they hate doing the stumps themselves. They have
to bring another trailer. They have to bring this
whole setup outside of their chip truck, their
chipper. You guys get it. You guys have a tree
company. They hate doing the stumps for the same
reason you hate hauling away the shavings. It
just doesn't go into your workflow. It's another
service not in the workflow. And so I approached
a bunch of different tree companies and asked who
was doing their stumps for them. Some of them had
their own machine, some rented, some were using
another sub. The people that rented or using
another sub are like my prime customer. Cuz if
you're renting, hey, I can save you money and a
headache of doing it. If you're using another sub,
I can be better than your sub. do it for maybe a
dollar cheaper or do it better, be more on time,
whatever it is. What do you mean you back doorored
into those reviews? Oh, so yeah. So that's how I
got my first 50 grand of revenue was doing jobs
for tree companies. But the thing is that wasn't
my customer technically, but what the tree company

[03:01]
doesn't know is I'm the last person here on the
job site. So after the job, after every sing once
I got my GM live, I would do the job. I would meet
them first just to be a good sub and just say,
"Hey, I'm Tyler. I'm with a different company.
I'm here to do your stump." I would do the job
uh and then walk up to the homeowner and be like,
"Hey, if you felt like I did a good job today and
you know, I put on a little charm." Say, "Hey,
could you give me a review?" They were giving
the company that didn't even land the customer
a review. And so that's how I got my first 70 75
reviews and then it's not the most competitive
industry in the world, so it's not super hard
to get to the top. Did you know that when you
started or did you go with the thesis of like,
"Oh, I'm going to go be a sub. That's how I'm
going to get all my business." I thought it was
going to be a complete sub business. That's kind
of the idea that I heard from your guys podcast
and that was my idea going in. But slowly but
surely, I was I was hearing about other guys
getting jobs from Google. So, I was like, "Oh,
there has to be some revenue there." There's not
a ton cuz usually people have this out when
the tree is out. But if you buy a house like
this customer did or or whatever it is and you're
inheriting like a beat up backyard, there's stumps
and things that need done. So, they'll look up
stump removal and I come up. The crazy thing is,

[04:00]
especially with the changes, you've got chatbt,
which is kind of eating Google's lunch on the
search side, but Google business profile, I mean,
that's the name of the game, especially for local
businesses like this. That that's not going away.
It's only growing in popularity. Okay. So, how
big was this tree? Didn't see the tree, but I'm
guessing this was probably a 15 20 foot tree just
from that stump. From the look of it, looks like a
Kentucky Valley hikamore. I will say it does look
like a pear tree. I would say that's my guess.
Bradford pear. Yeah. And it looks like from the
coloring here, you can see some of this coloring,
it looks like it's been dead for a little bit. So,
that's what went into my bid when I first saw
it. I was like, "Hey, this is probably dead
in the middle. It's probably softer and so it's
going to go a little bit faster." Okay. So, how
do you bid this? Like, I look at this, I'm like,
I don't know what I'm doing. It's a It's a stump.
$50. It's a great question. So, on a job like this
where we're grinding and I guess we could show the
job site here in a second, but we're grinding
multiple things. You kind of eye it a bit more
than you do full measurements, but if it's one
stump sitting there, I have a $200 minimum. So,
if you want me to show up to your backyard,
it's going to be $200, whether it's this big or,
you know, and then it's on a price per inch. So,
you measure the diameter of a stump like this.

[05:00]
Here in where I live, I I charge about seven bucks
an inch. Down south where there's more trees,
I've heard guys charge as low as like three bucks
an inch, but they're getting tons bigger machines
and tons more labor and they're year round and
they're year round and so there's different price
per inches. Are you measuring this with like your
phone or do you have an actual tape measure? Yeah,
just good old tape measure. For example, something
like this would be like 18 inches. From the widest
point from the widest point, I always try to eye
the widest point be like 18 in. So Nick, you're
great at math. 7* 18 7* 18 is $126. Okay. $126. So
if we were just showing up for this, it would just
this would have been more. So this is a small
stump. If this was the job alone and you don't
have to get into a backyard. It's all open here.
This takes me about 5 minutes. 200 bucks for 5
minutes of work. You got to be careful cuz you're
not just including your own man hours. Like this
is a very expensive machine and it depreciates. So
you have to price jobs well so you don't lose. So
I came here, got a call from Google. It was close
to me. A lot of times I'll quote things over text,
but it was close to me, so I was like, I
live 5 minutes this way, so I was like,
I'll swing by and check it out. So, we have this
stump and then I gave them a bunch of orange flags

[06:03]
cuz they wanted a bunch of little small stumps
taken out. So, if you see through the job site,
there's orange flags here, some orange flags over
here. There's just tiny little guys. They wanted
all of these gone. So, we're getting all these
little orange flags gone as we go. There's another
stump there. And then there's one more over there.
Are you doing this bad boy? Yeah. Yeah, we're
doing that big one. So, you don't have to cut
this down. This is just ready to go. Ready to go.
And then there's one more tiny stump right there.
How tall is too tall? Too tall is about 20 in. It
depends on your grinder, but 20 in off the ground.
There's a tradeoff. So the taller it is, the more
chips that are going to come off it. So if you're
doing the cleanup, a lot of times you want to cut
it as low as possible before you grind. That's why
I have a really cool chainsaw with a uh 3ft bar
in the back of my truck, which is cool. So instead
of like turning it down or calling a tree trimming
business, you'll just pull out the chainsaw. Yeah.
And I my rule is I'll cut anything that's below 6
to 8 ft. Does your website have tree trimming,
land clearing, and stump grinding? Because you
just described three different businesses right
there. Am I right? That's right. It's true. I
do not. Reason being is I I try to stay in my lane
because so many tree guys give me so much business

[07:02]
that I don't want to cannibalize that business.
Well, and you don't want to do that business and
I don't want to do it. But I have subbed out a
few tree jobs now cuz I my numbers around and so
I've made some good money that way. My first job
that I showed up to was about this size and it
took me 2 and 1 half hours. If you guys weren't
here, this would take me about 30 minutes. So,
we're getting a lot faster, a lot easier to do it.
There is some things to learn with the machine,
but you're not going to break it. We know that's
a 200 minimum. How much is this whole? How much
did you 350 for the job? So 350 for 30 minutes.
Yeah. And not every job turns out that easy. Um
cuz sometimes I would price this the same if it
was in a backyard and you had to get through a
tight fence, you know. So there's other things,
but yeah, for something like this is about 350.
How did you find this exact job? This one came
from Google. So they just found just organic
top Google. I I do Google guaranteed. What's
Google guaranteed? Basically, Google guarantees
the service of certain businesses by knowing that
they're insured and they have they hit a certain
level of requirement and then you pay per ad, but
they put you at the top. If you look up some a
service on Google, they'll have at the top Google
guaranteed businesses and I come up there. Is it
the same as LSA? Yes. Similar. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I think it's the same. You have to go through more

[08:00]
of a verification process. Yeah. You know what?
If you're an actually person, guess what? He's
grinding stumps. Okay. That's this is what I'm
good at. So, yeah, we can we could start here.
So I can kind of get this started. For something
this size, we don't need to put a full net around
it or anything. Not a lot of things to worry about
here. So we can kind of just get going. So we'll
scoot it up. You always want to start on a stump
grind. You want to start in the dirt before it.
So that means that you can get to a certain
depth. You set your depth with the first cut,
if that makes sense. And then the rest of the
stump, you're just going to that depth as you go
through. So we'll move this move it a little bit
forward. We're going to make our first cut right
about at this line here. So, we're going to push
it up. This starts the blade here. Pull it. Start
that blade up. We're going to rev it up really
high. It's going to get real loud here. Now, over.
So, I have that your first time. Yes. Did you
get training? Did you go out with somebody? I
watched uh there's like seven YouTube videos of
guys grinding stumps on YouTube. Most of them

[09:00]
even have a remote machine, so it wasn't even
applicable to this. And I kind of was like,
"All right, I kind of get it kind of." And then
I just I ripped it on a job. Did you do like a
practice job or anything? You showed up to your
first paid job. I didn't even have any I didn't
know where to get a practice job and the tree
company sent me one and I was like, "All right,
let's let's do it." It was a backyard job,
open backyard. I was very lucky with my first
job. It wasn't super scary. It didn't have any
complications or else I probably would have quit
the first day. But yeah, I just kind of ripped
it and and we got it done. That's a Chris Ker
special right there. So I'm on the other end of
the spectrum. You and Chris are like, "Oh, how
hard could it be? I'm just going to go freaking
figure it I'm going to be like, "Well, does like
a diagram show exactly what degree I need to
lower it by?" There's probably an in-between.
What would you recommend to somebody who's like
just starting? Just jump in like you did or like
should you get some practice first? Uh, you could
get some practice definitely if you're starting. I
That's probably what I'd recommend. I love it. I
love it. He's like, you you could He's just He's
just being nice about it. I don't think it's over
complicated. If you really wanted to practice,
come shadow me for a day. Fly out to Utah and
shadow me for a day and I'll I'll teach you.
But I actually I think you can you can do this job
without practice is unnecessary friction to just

[10:01]
launching. Don't practice. Just do it. I agree.
I agree. If you worry about practicing too much,
you may never get to the thing. Totally. I
drove it around my parking lot that I parked
the trailer at for a few times just to make sure
I looked like I could kind of drive it. And then,
yeah, the actual cutting part I I figured out on
the job. Well, I will say my salesman hated me,
the one that rented me the machine to start
because I called him like once a day for
a couple weeks like, "Dude, it's making this
noise." He's like, "Yeah, that's normal." "Oh,
it's it's doing this." He's like, "Yeah, grinding
a stump." Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's the grinding
a stump. He made me feel very dumb many times.
He was nice about it, but he I was like, "Yeah,
I'm an idiot." And then one day you called him
and like, "Hey, I'm flooding an apartment with
a sprinkler." He's like, "That's not normal."
He's like, "I can't help you." And I was like,
"Great. All right. We'll figure it out." Roughly,
what size are we talking? Are we talking a foot
across? 3 ft across? What does it look like? Maybe
between 2 and 1/2 and 3 ft across. Okay. I'd say
they're good size. I'll get you an exact quote
over text, but three stumps that are all like 3
ft across, we're probably somewhere around around
$800 to grind those out somewhere if if they're

[11:02]
that size. If I can just text you real quick and
you can text back a picture of the three stumps
and just a diameter measurement. And if you get
me that, that's all I need for a full quote. Um,
and then I can send that over to you. And then if
we find a good price that works, we can get you
on the schedule probably as soon as Wednesday
this week. We're We're pretty busy right now,
but we could definitely find a time to get you
in. Okay, awesome. Sounds good. Yeah, text me
and I will send you a picture right away. Perfect.
What was your name again? Emily. Emily. Cool. I'm
Tyler. I'm the owner. Thank you. How many calls
a day do you get? Two to three, probably. Two to
three. It depends. Contractors jobs I'm adding a
day. I'm probably adding anywhere from like three
to five a day during the busy season. So, two to
three calls a day. How many jobs does that turn
into? Probably. I I probably 60% of my close rate.
Most guys aren't answering their phone. Most guys
aren't getting quotes pretty fast. A lot of the a
lot of people I compete with are side hustle guys,
which is totally fine, but if I'm I I can I can
beat them in pretty much everything. Yeah. So,
you prioritize answering the phone. Exactly. How
much did you make before you even quit your job
on this? My first month was August of 2024, and
I did 9 grand of revenue with the full-time. With

[12:03]
a full-time job. With a full-time job. I did
multiple jobs. In Utah, you get the luxury of
a lot of daylight. So, I worked 9 to probably
3 or 4 at that old job. That month I would do
jobs before. I'd wake up at like 5:45, grab the
trailer, go do a job, go to the office, change
in the office bathroom downstairs. I would park
my trailer two parking lots away so that no one
knew that I was grinding stumps cuz it was like I
I felt I don't know why I felt embarrassed, but I
felt embarrassed. And then I would go to work the
full day and then I'd have my grinder already at
the parking lot, get in the truck at 4:00 and then
go rip like three jobs after work and then I was
home by 8:30. It was still light. So 9,000 before
you quit your job. And then once you quit your job
at the beginning of month two, what did you do
that month? That month we just rocket fuel. It
went to we did 23k in the month of 23,000. I think
that's such an important distinction because you
crushed it while you had a job, which is awesome.
That tells people that you don't need to quit,
but then when you did quit and put all your chips
in, you really crushed it. Totally right. It was
such a good example of that. And I I just remember
we had a pre-planned vacation from before I ever

[13:03]
started stump grinding to California. It was the
end of August. And we talked that whole trip about
me quitting my job. And I finally came home and
I was like, "All right, I'm going to do it." And
I walked into the office, quit my job, and after
that I was like, "All right, I have to pay for me
and my wife's life through this business." So, I
worked like a What was that feeling like when you
walked out of the office? Were you scared or were
you excited? Oh, it was electric. It's usually
not anywhere in between, right? Yeah. I drove my
grinder to the office cuz I had a full day of jobs
right after I quit. You just rode on the grinder.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Wrote on the grinder. I quit.
No, it was the most electric feeling in the world
walking out of there just knowing I didn't really
like my job then. It was a good job, but I didn't
like it. $32,000 in your first two months. Yeah.
How long did it take you to make more in the
business than you were making in your job to
replace my income? It kind of honest Is it bad
to say right away? Like I don't know if I had
the exact numbers like carrying across cuz in
business some sales it's lumpy. Right. Exactly.
I didn't have the big commission checks coming in.
It was more steady. Some things that I normally
would have had as personal expenses were running
through the business. So all in though it felt

[14:03]
like right away. Basically that first month when
you were full-time in the business, you made more
than if you had not quit. I think so. Yeah. Yeah.
And it never felt like we ever took like a dip in
lifestyle or anything. The reason I also quit
wasn't just because I wanted to go full-time. I
was looking at my schedule for the next two weeks
and I realized if I did every job that I had,
I would not be able to keep my job. Every stump
job there's you had to choose. You were forced
in a way. I would have been fired for sure. I
just had too much work. So she saw that on my
schedule and she's like, "Oh, that sounds like a
good opportunity." You know, made it easy on her.
It was also probably ner nerve-racking in the
sense that you're in a seasonal market and
you're going into the winter, right? So, you're
like, "All right, we could be really good through
October." But then what did you know that at that
point? Yes, I did. And I was very I that that was
the piece I was most worried about. We had a small
amount of savings. So, I was like, I think we
could make it if we did zero. How much savings?
We had probably 20 grand in savings. $20. Oh,
yeah. 20. Yeah. About 20. I That's probably not
exact, but it was somewhere around there. And I
knew like what our costs were per month. So I was
like, h we could float till March of next year if

[15:02]
we need to. But I didn't want to do that. I
didn't want to come close. So I just worked
hard. And I actually found a lot of winter work.
I mean, as long as snow is not on the ground,
which Utah it snows a lot, but the snow melts in a
day or two here where we live in Utah County. So I
actually found a a lot of work. Okay. So you were
looking at that. You're like, I made 32 grand in
my first two months. Profit off of that was what?
Probably 26 25 23. Okay. All right. So $26,000.
You got $20,000 in the bank. So you're like, okay,
we're sitting on some money. We can probably make
it through the winter months. What was your like
nut every month? Fixed cost for this business at
the time was probably like 2 to three grand cuz
you had probably payment on the truck, trailer,
stump grinder. So stump grinder you were renting.
How much was that a month? Uh I bought it at that
point. I bought it right when I quit. It was it's
900 bucks a month is the Okay. So you finance it
900 bucks a month. Truck trailer. Yeah. Trailer
is like 170 and the truck is like 490. Cold
outreach and to do some marketing, but that even
came later. So I think early on, you're right,
it was probably more towards 2K. So you were
like, "All right, overhead on the business,
$2,000 a month. We're sitting on this cash." Was
your wife working? Yes, she was. And that was

[16:01]
helpful. And she was cool with Was she like, "All
right, I'll give you 6 months to figure this out."
Or was it like, "No, you better be making money
in October." I asked her to give me a year. Said,
"Give me a year." And I was like, "I promise like
if it doesn't work, I'll just go." I was good at
my job before, so I had a really good network.
I could bounce back into it. So you reduced
your risk by starting this before you quit. You
reduce your risk by leasing a truck, leasing the
equipment, renting a parking lot so you don't have
to buy a big lot. You did everything right, it
seems. Yeah, we kept it low. And the last piece of
like de-risking was, and I still feel this way a
bit is is I did everything myself. I wasn't scared
to go do the work. If I if this business would not
have survived the winter, if I was like, I need an
employee right away. I can't grind stumps. I can't
like go to that level. I was just like, no, I'm
going to do everything so I don't have that cost
yet. And in the future, I want to scale and do it
right. But early on, I was like, it's something
I don't even mind doing. And on it's fun. It's a
blast. And this is what I do every day. I listen
to podcast in my helmet and yeah, I just I I hang
out. It's one of the businesses I love businesses
where there's a stark contrast between before and
after. Yeah. It's like it's so obvious the before

[17:03]
and after for a business like this. Totally. And
I still some days feel like I'm uh playing dress
up with like Carheart and stuff. It is what I do
every day, but like this is not who I was before.
Well, there's two types of guys that were carart.
People in Brooklyn and people that actually do
work. And I was the person in the tech office
wearing Carheart. So luckily I had those shirts.
Brought it over. Yeah. I was ready to go. But now
they're actually like dirty and like a little bit,
you know, like he was in the office playing
stump grinding video games. Car heart. I was I
was trying to act like tough to like the guy next
to you. Started this business. I already have the
clown. Yeah, exactly. That's pretty much most of
it. You reduce your risk by buying Carheart while
you still had a tech job. Yeah. And I got to get
a truck. Talking about actually I didn't have a
truck before. I was wearing car heart in like a
Nissan Ultima. Nothing against Nissan Ultimas,
but you can't wear car heart in that. Why do you
think this is going so far? I mean, I think it's
going well. How do you think? Pretty good. I think
people are loving this right now. And I want to
keep doing stuff like this. How do you keep doing
stuff like this? People need to subscribe. Yeah.
What's your What's your podcast? I'm the Kerner
office. All podcast platforms and YouTube. What
about you? I'm Nickomics. Same thing. All podcast
platforms and YouTube. All right. So, what are you

[18:02]
guys waiting for? Like and subscribe already. So,
you don't leave it like this, obviously. No. So,
after this is done, that's what the whole looks
grinded out. We'll just push that whole pile with
my back blade on the back of the machine back into
the hole. Is that what you do with most customers
or are they like, "No, get rid of the wood." Uh
about 20 to 30% have me haul. And when I do it,
I I upcharge for that. But most of the time, I
just leave it like that. Well, cuz like why would
they want to hauled? It's going to leave a big
hole in their yard. Right. Yeah. If it's a big
stump, you're going to be left with like a semi
load of of chips. And so they'll want the extra
chips hauled and just leave it at grade. What can
you do with these wood chips? Do you like resell
them? Do you sell them as mulch or is it too much
dirt mixed in? There's some stuff you have to do,
and I'm not a pro on this, to make it into
mulch that you sell and put it away. I give
it to a landscaping yard that does that for
free. They turn this into mulch and we have a
great relationship that I dump for free rather
than driving down to the dump. It's right here
in Provo, but I don't currently do anything with
it. How inception would that be? It's like start
a mulching business from the stump grinding. If
I had a place to just dump big piles, I would
do that and have just mulch in my backyard for
people to come shovel and charge them for it. So,

[19:02]
anyways, that's what it looks like. So Chris
knows this. He's a starter. I'm a buy guy.
I've only ever started or bought businesses.
Chris has started businesses from scratch. But
I love this business because it doesn't require
all of the personal guarantees, the cash down,
the risk associated with buying a business. Yeah.
You tested it as a side hustle. Uhhuh. And then
you went into it full-time. You actually looked at
buying businesses, didn't you? Yeah. Yeah, I did.
Uh I've always been interested in entrepreneurship
and it felt like very unattainable. like the
how-tos felt very unattainable cuz I didn't have
an entrepreneur in my family that I really knew
of. And so I yeah, I was I read buy then build
the the classic buying business book. Walker,
realized I didn't have a lot of money. I mean,
I'm young. I didn't have a lot of money at all
to buy a business. So I'm like, why am I dreaming
about this? And then I looked into franchises,
which felt a little bit more approachable, but
that felt like a big risk signing on the dotted
line of a franchise. So when I heard this, it just
kind of the light bulb went off. I like to always
think about worst case scenarios. And worst case
scenario, this business, the grinders don't really

[20:02]
lose value very a ton of value. Trailers don't
lose value. I would have had a truck that I would
have drove to my new job. And that's basically the
downside. If you would have bought a business that
like the business that you're currently doing
right now, probably worth in the mid-6 figure,
$600,000. You would have had to put $100,000
down, get an SBA loan, you would have to buy
new equipment, you would have the owner train
you, all that stuff. But you did an approach
that is freaking a Chris Kerner special, which
is test, iterate, launch, right? Like you tested
the idea first. You didn't quit your job. You
iterated along the way. At first you were renting,
then you decided to buy the stump grinder and then
you actually launched when you had enough data and
information. And I mean that's one of the things
I've learned from Chris is totally test, iterate,
launch. Ready, fire, aim. Absolutely. Absolutely.
What I love about your story is the fact that it
was a perfect overlap of your interests and your
skills, right? You had sales experience. So you
heard the podcast and you're like, "Oh, okay.
I I like that." And then you had uh didn't you
work on a tree company in high school? Yeah, I
did. So you're like, "Oh, grinding stumps, that
is a painoint, but huh, okay, there's something
to that." And then the third side of that kind
of ven diagram was the fact that you were already
entrepreneurial. You wanted to start a business or

[21:03]
buy a business but you had no money. So everything
just aligned where this became like the perfect
business for you. And I think that for for those
listening or watching this like they need to find
the thing that applies to them. Not something that
looks sexy but something they have an interest in,
something they have a history in and a time in
their life or a period of their life when they're
ready and or willing to try or test something
like this. Well, and the other thing is look at
this guy. He's not afraid to get dirty. And when
you get into entrepreneurship, you can't be afraid
to get dirty. Lots of people are like, "I want
to buy a business and hire an operator." And for
whatever reason, we kind of talk down to getting
in the weeds. Yeah. You have to get in the weeds.
You don't know what you're doing. You don't know
how to manage a checkbook. You don't know how to
collect. You don't know how to build. You don't
know how to take calls like you just did. You got
to build the entrepreneurial muscle. You don't
you don't have the experience requisite to like
quote unquote hire an operator. And if you want
to be successful in entrepreneurship, you have to
jump. And that's Chris has the MIH gene, the make
it happen gene. So do you. You're going to make
it happen every single time. You can only look at
a spreadsheet for so long. you actually acted on
the make it happen gene though I there was years
many years before I actually started this thing

[22:00]
that I felt like I didn't have the make it happen
gene cuz either I wanted to like buy a business I
wanted to start a franchise all these things I
got cold feet in 28 dude I know I know I'm hard
on myself but from 25 to 28 this is what I wanted
to do and I wasn't doing it so I was like maybe I
don't have that you know make it happen gene but
what you were saying there is a business model
that fits everyone out there I truly believe that
but you have to have like a box around it and once
you find it you can't be afraid to actually go and
pursue Uh, and that was kind of my luck. Everyone
thinks I'm like this gogetter, you know, just
super brave and there was years before that that
I felt like the guy that would never do anything
about it. That's why we love these is because you
didn't start a tech s. This isn't like a sexy
business that you bought. We just talk about
how people can start any business. And that's
Chris's whole thing is like you can start any
business. You can make money off of any business.
Right, Chris? Yeah. And once you start making off
money off one business, like your belief in
yourself to go make money off of other things
that you want to do just skyrockets. And that's
what it's done for me. Okay. So, July 11th, Chris
and I have a podcast, but we're brainstorming
this idea of starting a stump grinder business,
right? So, break down the timeline. How long did
it take you to actually execute on that? Yeah. So,

[23:03]
I heard that episode. I'm a fan, so this is kind
of weird like being with you guys, but like heard
the episode July 11th. By July 12th, I had kind
of like tested it in my own market. Wow. And then
by August 3rd, I had done everything. I needed
insurance, all the equipment, everything to do
my first actual stump job on August 3rd. And
then that month, it was just off and running.
We had jobs every day. You did 9,000 that first
month. You did $23,000 that second month, $25,000,
$26,000 in profit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it was it
was just off and running from there. I listened
to your guys' podcast over and over and over
again because there was some things in there
on how to like test my market. And so, I just
listened to that specific piece probably 10 times,
got every software you guys talked about, actually
tried it. I was going to my wife like, "Look, this
works." I got a few texts back and I was like,
"Holy crap, I have a business." I didn't have
a business, but I was like, "I feel like I have a
business." And I was just fired up. All right. So,
we don't want people to think that this is all
just rainbows and butterflies. Yeah. Tell us
about some horror stories that you've had in this
business. Yes. And I'm not saying this is passive
income. I'll look into the camera. This is not
passive income, but it is income and it's a,

[24:00]
you know, you work hard to make that income. But
I've had a lot of nightmare jobs hitting sprinkler
lines, hitting electric lines. One story from each
of these, I hit a sprinkler line at a townhouse,
like a HOA townhouse type thing. Uh, and it was
really close to the window, and the sprinkler
line was pressurized. Water just started spraying
through their window. It was inside the town, open
window. Oh man. Um I had to I started banging on
the door and no one was answering. And so I opened
their door. It was open. I opened their door
and I was like, "Hey, anyone home?" Like there's
water coming into your house. Yeah. If the door's
unlocked, it's not breaking an in. That's kind of
what I figured. Yeah. And they ended up shutting
the window and and it was okay. I felt lucky that
I had insurance just in case. But we never even
had to use it. How much is your insurance? It's
like 400 bucks a month or something. Hard to find?
No, not really. Okay. So, if you're watching this,
you're like, "What about insurance?" You buy
insurance. You just buy insurance. You just buy
it's a cost that you have and you pay it with a
few jobs just like the one we showed today and you
keep moving. You never had any claims? No, never.
Knock on wood. The only other time I was close
was there was a private electric line going to
someone's back shed. I call the city and they'll

[25:02]
come out and mark electric and water and all these
different lines, but they don't mark private ones.
So, they put this line in themselves. They told
me about it. So, this is completely my bad. And
I was like, I probably won't hit it. Sure enough,
going hit it. Sparks flew everywhere. It was the
scariest thing. I thought I got electrocuted. I
didn't I was like, "Am I dead?" I didn't know.
And then, you know, sure enough, I blew through
their line. I I paid for the fix. It wasn't that
big a deal. Like, I thought Sparks flying is just
an expression. No. Yeah. It was horrifying. It
was actually so scary. So, the reason we brought
that idea up was because we have a tree trimming
business that Chris was passionate about. We
launched that business. We had a whole like
framework of tools and things that we used, but we
had one pain point. Yeah. We like we didn't want
to grind the stumps. So, we'd have to go to United
Rentals or we'd have to go find a stump grinder,
and it was just a pain. It didn't fit into our
workflow. So we started talking on this podcast of
someone needs to start a businessto business stump
grinding business right not business to consumer
which wasn't really a thing and it was just kind
of a theory and then you heard that took it and
ran with it and from what I understand your first
customers came from B2B didn't you like scrape a

[26:03]
bunch of tree trimming businesses yeah I did kind
of exactly what you guys outlined in the podcast I
scraped a whole list of tree trimming businesses
from all the surrounding areas from where we are
here and then I started reaching out to them. I
didn't want to burn all the leads. So, I didn't
reach out to everyone at one time, but I reached
out to 20 or 30 people. Started getting hits back
and I was like, "Oh, there's something here." And
it it aligned really well with my skill set of of
I knew how to sell. I knew how to go B2B. So, I
knew how to get in front of these guys and paint
their problem as something I could solve and we
started doing it and there sure enough there was
a market for it. What is like your framework for
finding customers? Yeah, I call it a P framework.
It's a little bit complicated, but basically,
we're going to dive into that. I want to hear
that. What I love about this home service business
in particular is how visual it is. You've got a
clear before and after. You've got a clear time
lapse and you've been taking advantage of that.
You've been posting that stuff. Yeah. What has
come from that? Yeah. My small Twitter following.
I I I was getting tons of DMs like, "How do you do
this? How do you do this?" Really basic questions
and I got really sick of hopping on every call.
So, I just typed it all up into a playbook

[27:01]
and I sell it for a small amount and it's it's
changed other people's lives. Like, it's crazy.
10 to 12 guys are full stump grinders across the
country from a little thing I typed up out of my
brain. Yeah. I mean, there's so many people out
there starting businesses that are the same. And
we started TK owners so we could just have them
put their heads together and not, you know, go
through all these sprinkler inside the townhouse
moments that that you've had to go through. 100%.
That's That is freaking too funny, man. Where are
they? Are they all over the place? All over. Yeah.
Virginia, Minnesota, South Carolina. I saw one
guy post, he's like, "Oh, I just quoted a 200
stump job." Yeah, that guy. Yeah, that guy's
a man. He's an old guy. That guy's like 65.
Really? Yeah. All right. So, someone's watching
this and they're like, "I love this business. I
want to do this business." What would you tell
them to do? Yeah. First off, I'd tell them to go
do something about it and actually just start it.
The second thing I'd tell them to do if they want
a little bit more handholding is I've put together
like a small community playbook course kind of on
on how to get this done and to avoid some of the
pitfalls that I fell into. I I really wish I had
someone to hold my hand and answer some of these
questions early on so that to save my time cuz

[28:00]
I'm out grinding stumps. I put this together for
people to come together and learn how to do to do
this in their market. You've already had a hundred
people who've bought your playbook and more than
a dozen who have actually launched businesses in
other markets, right? Yeah. So, we already know it
works. We know it works in pretty much any market
that people try it in, no matter what the Twitter
haters say. It does work in California. It does
work in the Northeast. It does work everywhere.
And and yeah, it's amazing to see. There's been 8
to 12 guys that I know of. There's probably more,
but that are grinding stumps and making extra
income with it. Well, I mean, I filmed this video
right here about appliance rental and hundreds of
people started them and some of them are like on
top of each other in the same market. Do you offer
any sort of like loose protections on people like
you won't sell to the same people that are in
the same town? Yeah, that's actually the only
thing that really I feel like differentiates us
outside of having a a school with some really good
information is that I actually care about people
and if they're putting their hard-earned money
towards something like this, I don't want them
to just have something that's already been done
in their market. Yeah. So if someone's in Tampa
Bay or if someone's in Cincinnati and they are
part of our course or our school, we don't sell to
another person in Tampa Bay or Cincinnati to allow

[29:02]
the guys in our group to thrive because we want
them to thrive and that's that's our whole goal.
I want you to be honest with me. What's the plan?
Hire more employees, expand to new markets. What
are you doing next with this business? My honest
answer to that is I think I'm going to move into
a bigger service and never leave this behind. Um
I don't want to say it's on autopilot because I do
work hard every day, but it is not. It doesn't
take a ton of brain work to get the revenue.
Getting the business is kind of on autopilot. It
kind of is. And so I could put a guy in my seat to
to do the grinding uh every single day and still
make enough money to pay our bills and save some
extra. How much money how much profit would
you make per year today if you didn't grow it
and you outsourced your operations? North of 115.
Probably 120. Wow. To sit at home probably. Yeah.
Yeah. Probably maybe a bit more depending on where
this is growing to. But currently right now if it
just stayed where it is right now it probably
about there. The point I wanted to highlight is
a lot of people think, "Oh, I started a business.
Now it's got to grow. Now I got to double it. Now
I got to triple it." Like, you've gotten to
the place where your business is kicking off
good cash. You've managed it. You don't need to
grow, but you you've grown to the point now where

[30:02]
your life is kind of where you want it to be, but
you've gained experience as an entrepreneur. And
so now you can move into something else and you
understand, okay, how do I market? How do I price
things? How do I manage people? What do logistics
look like? Right? But you got that experience with
a great business. You got your feet wet with it.
You kind of know what you do and don't like and
you can move on with very low risk. Like to me
that's the best example for someone who's getting
into entrepreneurship. And the freedom that I have
now is like unmatched compared to when I was in a
W2 job. I can go explore those other ideas that I
have or businesses that my wife wants to start or
is starting and say, "Oh, you need me for a half
day to help you with this thing." Easy. Like I'll
just not schedule jobs for Wednesday afternoon and
go do them or I'll take a full day off or I'll do
this XYZ. Once you get into the game, it's so much
easier to like keep playing other games, level up
the game. That's what this is to me is I got into
the game. I'm gonna keep it as part of my game for
probably a very long time, but I don't think this
will be my only game. I I freaking I love that. I
mean, that's the key word, freedom. That's like
that's why we're all doing this, right? It's
not even necessarily financial freedom. It's just
freedom. Chris has been a hustler his whole life.

[31:00]
He's never worked for anybody after college. Like,
he's he's just always done his own thing. I'm on
the other end of the spectrum. I wanted to like
have everything lined up. And what I've learned
now is you learn by doing. Totally. And as you
learn by doing, you can get into other things. But
then you have freedom. Then you have control of
your time, of your schedule. Anyways, your story
is really inspiring, man. Thank you. Appreciate
you. All right. All right. So, what is your
monthly overhead on this business? Do you want
line item by line item or do you want like a big
cost? Just the big things. Yeah. Big cost probably
all add to depending on the month like four to 5K
currently where we're at now. So, this storage
lot's 100 bucks a month. Yeah. Your truck lease,
trailer lease, y machine lease. Yep. Or insurance.
Insurance. Gas is probably my leading cost outside
of all of that. Just hauling it around and gas for
the machine. Um, and then small things like teeth.
I mean, got to get the oil changed on the machine.
You know, just all the classic business stuff.
What about things like marketing? What are you
spending on Google? What are you spending on?
Marketing's pretty low. I probably spend 5 to 600
bucks total a month on Google like LSA stuff. Your
reviews are your marketing in a sense. Yeah. My
reviews and then contractors giving me work. Yeah.
So, if someone's watching this and they're like,
I'm broke, but I love this business. What is the

[32:02]
most costefficient way to start it? Most cost
efficient? You probably do need some access to
a truck is the only thing that you need access
to. You can rent a truck from Home Depot if
you need. If you have really scrappy, you could
rent the truck. You could rent a trailer and you
can rent a stump grinder by the day. Yeah.
If you want to rent a small stump grinder,
most of like the rental places, there's one called
Sunb Belt here, they rent stump grinders. They're
small, but they'll get the job done. And I think
it's important that people don't try to focus on
making a ton of profit that first day, week, or
month. They need to lessen their risk by renting
this stuff cuz the unit economics honestly aren't
great if you're renting, right? But that gets you
learning. It gets you traction. It gets you some
good reviews, before and after. That's exactly
what he did, right? You had your full-time job and
you decided, I'm going to do this on the side. You
didn't buy the machine right away. You didn't
hop into, you know, large expenses. You tested
it on the side. Yeah. You figured out what you're
doing. You actually learned how to grind stumps.
And then when September came and you realized you
were booked out, you're like, "All right, I should
probably jump into this a little more. A little
harder." What were you making in your B2B job? Uh,
I made about It just depends. There's a lot of
commission, but I'm about 175K. Okay. So, about

[33:00]
15 grand a month. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What
are you making currently in your stump grinding
business? Probably higher than that. Probably like
15 to 20, maybe 25 depending on the month. Uh,
is probably what we're walking away with. And
how long did it take for you to get to that spot?
Second month. Second month. Yeah. Now, there
is a seasonal part to this business. It's not
like I make that every month of every year, but
I have a lot more freedom to do what I want and
and and achieve those things from from doing this.
Okay. So, unit economics, average revenue per job,
it's probably around I would say 300 bucks. 300
bucks. Okay. And then your average fixed costs
per month that you gave us was about $5,000
roughly four to five. I would say it's four
most months unless there's outsiz. Okay. So,
let's say it's $5,000, $800 on on average. So,
you need about 15 jobs. Yeah. Just to get to break
even. Usually in week one of the month is how I
think about it. I pay off my monthly expenses. How
many jobs are you doing in a day able to do a day?
Depends. A $300 job, you could do five to six of
those in a day. Dang. Okay. Yeah. So, you could
stack it pretty quick. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You got to
be smart with your routes and stuff, but yeah, you
can stack it up. So, week two, you're in a profit.
Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Would you say this is a

[34:02]
competitive market? Do you mean Utah itself or do
you mean the stump grinding market? Uh, Utah. Oh,
Utah is a highly competitive market. Very, very
competitive. I've already had multiple people try
to copy me with the same idea because I post on
Twitter about it. Doesn't really bother me because
I'm better than them, but like I they I feel like
if this could be so successful here, it could be
even more successful elsewhere. Absolutely. What
do you feel like though is the differentiator?
Like you said you were better than them. In my
mind, it's like a stump is either ground or it's
not ground. Yeah. What do you think you do better?
What like what's if somebody's getting into this,
what do they need to execute really really well
on in order to be successful? For me personally,
I could give you I could give you tons of
examples, but I'll give you an example.
You're a you're a tree guy. You're a tree guy and
you only get paid for the job once the stump is
ground. That means the job's done. And you get the
you get the tree down Tuesday morning. If you're a
part-time guy and I say, "Hey, I need this stump
ground now so I can get paid." And he's like,
"Oh, I could be there Thursday afternoon because
he's busy till then and he works a full-time job,
but I could be there Tuesday morning so you can
get paid that day." Huge advantage right there for
a tree guy that needs some money for every job.
Responsiveness is a huge one. Second one is having

[35:03]
the equipment that isn't the rental equipment
once you get to that point. And I mean I there's
quite a few other things that differentiate, but
responsiveness is number one with contractors cuz
they're just like me. They want to get paid. A big
reason a lot of people are watching this is, okay,
where's my first customer? Where's my 100th
customer? Do I go through the tree trimming
businesses? Do I go through Mary homeowner?
You talked about this P method. We got to dive
into that. Yeah, absolutely. So the P stands for
piggyback. So we want to piggyback off of existing
businesses that have a pain point, which are tree
companies that don't want to do stuff. Are there
other businesses other than tree trimming that
about their work to you? Absolutely. Landscapers,
landscape install. You don't want the the lawn
guys. The lawn guys don't give you anything.
Landscape installers do. And then fence installers
if there's a stump in the fence line. Uh and then
the last one is concrete guys. The last three
are like more few and far between, but they still
need a guy sometimes. How do you find all these
guys? You scrape big lists uh throughout scraper.
Great website. You you're very familiar with out
scraper. create big big lists of these in certain

[36:00]
geographies and you just call them, email them,
text them. I usually cold text in bunches, so
20 to 30. I haven't gotten a hold of every single
ones on my list cuz some numbers they have aren't
great for them. But that's the best way to get in
the door. If they respond to me in any way, shape,
or form, I'll call them. Even if it's a no, be
like, "Okay, cool. I know you're not interested,
but this is what I'm doing." So, you're just copy
pasting the same text 20, 30 times. What is in
that text? It's really simple. One, it's a picture
of my business card, usually right in front of my
Ford. Shows authority. Exactly. Ford logo on
the truck. It looks like I'm out working. And
then it's, "Hey, my name's Tyler. Run a company
called Grind Time Stump Grinding. This is rough,
but I was wondering what you do with your stumps.
Do you do them yourself? Do you sub it out? Or do
you own a machine?" Um, and they'll give me one of
those three answers and then I can go from there.
What percentage of the time do they respond? 30
40%. Which is pretty good. I don't do as much
of that cold outreach as I start. I did. I'm busy
and I get referrals and I still do that sometimes,
but it's just not as common. Okay. So you
launched with piggybacking, which finding someone
who already has the distribution to your ideal
customer. Yeah. But you don't do that anymore.

[37:01]
So how are you getting business now? All of those
guys that were giving me jobs are still giving me
jobs. They're still giving you jobs. Oh yeah. So
that's the start, right? You get your I'm like,
"Okay, I'm starting to get to like 15 grand months
just from contractors." And then you start taking
this is where the R comes in. You start backing
reviews from these same customers. So I'm the last
one there. From what I know, all the tree guys I
work for are totally fine with this cuz they love
that the customer loves me. And so I introduce
myself to the customer because it's after the
tree got removed. I then do the stump job and
then after I walk to their front door and say,
"Hey, I run a different company. I just started
and I'm I'm working really hard to grow my company
here in Utah County. Would you please give me
a review? Sell your story. That's what you're
doing." Absolutely. If you do that every single
time to a mom, dad, does not matter. They will
pull out their phone. It's a little uncomfortable.
I wait for them to pull out their phone. So yeah,
I I would really like it helps me grow the
business. Cuz if you leave, they're not going
to do it. They're just not. would you please? It
would help me so much if you give me a review.
And then you just stop and they go, "Yeah, yeah,
yeah." And then I just wait. And then they go,
"Oh, wait. Like now?" And they start pulling out
their phone and I'm like, "Yeah, I got this right

[38:01]
here." It's tactics like that that really just
make this like this video just makes it better
because that matters. That matters so much. And
what you said about the business card, like your
your shoes, your Timberlands in the background and
the grass or the shavings in the background of the
picture of you holding the business card. It's not
AI generated. It's real. You can go to Vista Print
and get those prefer mailed to you. Like those
little touches make all the difference. 100%.
Contractors want to know that you're out working
and sweating with them and so they don't want to
think that you're some guy behind a computer.
They're like, "Dude, that guy's in a backyard
asking me if I want to do stuff. I'm not actually
in a backyard there." But I was in a backyard to
take the picture, right? You know, so that helps.
Well, I I just think it's crazy to think about.
You could have had two guys who did the same
thing, right? They got business. They went out.
They fulfilled the job. They did just as good of
a job. The customer was just as happy. But because
you decided to be awkward for 5 seconds, you got a
review% and somebody else didn't. It's like you're
you're uncomfortable for 5 seconds. You just
got to sit in that discomfort for 5 seconds and
all of a sudden it's a differentiator. Pegback P
review reviews are those drive all of your ongoing

[39:00]
business and before I even get to a this is my
ADHD talking. I just find it incredible that you
spent $0 to send a text. They respond. They show
interest. You spend $0 to call them and that five
minute investment pays you hundreds to thousands
of dollars per month. Oh yeah. As long as you
don't screw it up per month forever. Yeah. I mean,
can I tell you my number one contractor, how much
he gave me this summer? Yeah. I think he gave me
25 grand. Oh my god. In four or five months from
one tech from from a tech. It's ridiculous. And
and he was like, "Yeah, I actually don't like my
contractor at all, but I've never tried looking
for anyone else, so I'll try you out." Well,
that's how the relationship started. Even if
you're nine jobs in and you really screw it up,
they're going to stick with you because they're
used to the other guy screwing it up every other
job. Well, and right when I screw it up, I send
a picture. Say, "Hey, I just hit a sprinkler line
here. I'm getting it fixed. Don't worry about it.
But this is what is happening. I got this. Yeah.
And they're like, "Yeah, dude. Things happen all
the time. They're tree guys. They're contractors,
too. They take out fences half the time with
trees." You know what I mean? They have big
things that happen to them. So, anyway, before you
get to the A, I want to hit one more thing on the
reviews side. So, my background is healthcare and
we have a saying with our clinicians. If it if you

[40:01]
didn't document it, it didn't happen. Because
we get audited all the time. And if the auditor
comes in and looks and they don't see it in the
notes, doesn't matter how much you good you did,
you're going to get tagged for that, right? I
think that translate to every business owner if
you didn't document if you didn't get the review
like it didn't happen. So like yes you got paid
that one time for that service but it doesn't
actually translate to broader brand building.
So I just I love this like I'm going to get
reviews every single time so that people can
see I can build credibility. I can establish trust
and anyways I can't I can't emphasize it enough.
I I will give you one more piece of sauce here.
The reviews I actually didn't start trying to get
reviews. I didn't even have a Google My Business
till like month four or five. Holy cow. Um,
but I did have a big spreadsheet of every job I've
done. And if they gave me the customer's number,
it was in the spreadsheet. So, I just
ran a fullblown like text blast with,
you know, text of of my company, a selfie of
me, whatever it was, and just be like, "Hey,
I did your stump job a few months back. You don't
remember who I am. Totally fine. But we're getting
started." And the day that I started my GMBB, I
think I got like 15 reviews that day. And those 15

[41:00]
reviews on day one sends a signal to Google that
this guy's for real. Yeah, he's probably been in
business before he ever created a Google business
profile, which they're not used to, right? So then
they prioritize you in the algorithm. Yeah. My SEO
guy, he's a friend, so this is why he did it. But
he kind of fired me. He was like, "Dude, you're
at the top. Like you're getting reviews. Like
we don't you don't really need to keep paying
me for SEO. If you want me to do other stuff,
like happy to do that." But that was pretty
fast. All right. What's the A? Uh the A. So uh
piggyback. You get reviews and then you answer the
phone. You guys saw me do it on that job. I answer
every phone call. My wife gets annoyed. I walked
out of a movie last night because I answered the
phone during the movie. Really? React. I answer
the phone without fail. Contractor Google. You
will not call my phone if it's my business line
and and get a mis call. In your first month,
what or first few months, what percentage of your
revenue came from other businesses versus today,
what percentage of your revenue is coming
from other businesses? When I started it
was 100% and it was 100% for about 6 months. Like
literally 100% unless maybe a neighbor saw me or
something. Uh but it was 100% contractors that
gave me the business. Now, it's probably 7030,

[42:02]
maybe 6040 of my own customers and contractors.
So, we're growing that side pretty steadily.
And I think this is a pretty healthy
spot to sit where I get my own jobs,
but contractors fill most of my week and then I
put the small jobs that I get elsewhere. Well,
it's a trade-off cuz they're not recurring jobs,
but they're more profitable. Exactly. And you get
two reviews for the price of one. You can get
the homeowners review and the business owner
review. Totally. Yeah. So, it's kind of mixing
the revenue, right? You got your one-offs that
is just the Google calls. And these are great
and they they they help you pump revenue, but
if you don't have good contractor relationships,
those days that you get zero calls from Google,
you're going to want the guy texting you that they
have a job for you next week. So, you want both.
[Music]