[00:00]
You can either [music] live somebody
else's story or you can write your own
story.
&gt;&gt; Sometimes you're one tweak away from
$200 million, right? [music]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If they don't say that, the app
doesn't blow up and the company goes out
of business [music] and it shot to
number one. It stayed there every single
day for 6 months. 25 million people a
day were playing it. It's the number one
game in 60 [music] countries in the
world.
&gt;&gt; And what did you end up selling it for?
&gt;&gt; $200 million. I mean, I was a high
school teacher. It is all of those
little things that make a difference,
but they all have to come together.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, why don't you start by just
telling us who you are and what you do,
Dan?
&gt;&gt; My name is Dan Porter. I was on an
episode of the career ladder on Tik Tok
[laughter]
and I am the CEO and co-founder of
Overtime, which is a big sports platform
that uh we started in 2016.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And what would you say makes you
different from your peers, your
contemporaries?
&gt;&gt; There are a lot of answers to that.

[01:00]
&gt;&gt; There are a lot of answers to that.
[sighs and gasps]
I'd say number one, the nature of my
career. Like I've I've been a public
school teacher. I worked in the music
business. I run a gaming company. I'm in
sports. I've just done a lot of
different things. And so everything that
I do is almost like a combination of all
those different experiences. It's really
not a straight path. It's probably
number one. I'd say number two, I'm very
relentless and focused and I don't give
up. I don't play a lot of games, but I
try to only play games that I can win.
And I think number three is that you
could say that maybe I'm an out of the
box or disruptive thinker, and I'm not
trying to compliment myself in that, but
more just like I don't know the way that
I think of things. Maybe I don't
understand the way things are supposed
to be done. So I come up with my own
ideas, but I tend to approach problems
probably a different way than other
people do. So probably those three

[02:01]
people do. So probably those three
things plus occasionally I'm very funny.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Do you think do you think you approach
problems differently because of your
breath of expertise? Are they
correlated?
&gt;&gt; It's a good question. I'd say half of it
is that like I just have so many
different experiences I draw from and
half of it is probably like I'm just
really stupid and I don't know the right
way to do it so I just come up with my
own way to do it. Sometimes like you see
people who like play some musical
instrument in a really weird way. they
play like the guitar with both their
hands or something like that and they
create entirely new music and maybe they
just never learned the other way or that
felt natural to them. But I I think in
general I don't know if through
school and college we do enough
collectively to promote kind of creative
and different thinking. I think we tend

[03:01]
and different thinking. I think we tend
to optimize towards people who think
alike. That's why we have tests in
school. Tests are like, "Tell me what
the right answer is." That's the right
answer. Everyone is like, they're like
going right towards the tip of a
triangle. I love music. I was a
musician. I focused on improvisation.
I took a lot of creative writing. I
think just taking inspiration from
writing and music and arts and all the
different way that people have thought
about, you know, recreating all kinds of
music and and even writing and stuff
like that is probably part of it. But I
don't think we do ourselves any favors
as a system in this country and
promoting people who are either think
creatively or or out of the box. And I
think most people in college, I took
painting, I took photography, I took
poetry, of which I was truly terrible
at. And luckily, none of those poems
survived. And I took either two or three
semesters of creative writing. And I

[04:01]
semesters of creative writing. And I
just think learning those things, if I
ask kids today, they take computer
science and economics, and there's
nothing wrong with those. That's what I
think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, creativity, it's more
important than it's ever been, and it's
more rare than it's ever been.
&gt;&gt; It's a differentiator. I I I think about
like you know when people apply for jobs
sometimes you interview for a job you
interview people maybe you're
interviewing a salesperson and it's like
everybody worked at a similar company
they all have the same title they've all
sold a number of big deals how you going
to differentiate like 10 people who come
in and have an interview with you or
zoom in an interview with and I think
there's some element where like a lot of
times I'll ask questions when I when I
was in the gaming business. When I ran
OMG Pop and I used to hire game
designers and and builders, software
developers, I really used to only ask
one question. And the question I asked
is like, "What is your favorite game?"
You tell me Final Fantasy or whatever.

[05:00]
You tell me Final Fantasy or whatever.
And then I would say, "Why is that a
great game?" And people would say it's
fun or whatever. And you know, one out
of every five people would say something
like, "Oh, the way that like this
mechanic works." and they describe some
intricate part of the game and you just
think, "Oh, those people really think
deeply about games and game design." And
those were the people that I hired.
&gt;&gt; Someone that that looks at it
differently than everyone else.
&gt;&gt; Understand why things are the way they
are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And is is a thinker and some of that is
creativity and some of that is thinking.
But I feel like those people, they can
have an impact on you and your company,
but you can appeal to them to try to
make something bigger and better versus
people who do less. So, and I I think
that even though some of that is
natural, we can all always be better at
learning how to do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How did you get into the gaming
business? I
was working for Richard Branson who's a

[06:02]
was working for Richard Branson who's a
very successful and famous entrepreneur
and part of my job was kind of helping
him make the Virgin brand relevant to a
whole new kind of generation and I just
thought let's go to the roots and do
music. So we did music festivals and
other stuff like that. And I kept
reading at that time maybe 20 years ago
like the gaming business is bigger than
the movie business. It's bigger than the
music business. And in fact, funny
enough, I have two sons and I took them
to an outdoor concert that I put on and
they spent the whole time playing the
Nintendo DS backstage.
And I just kind of was like, "Wow,
gaming is kind of relevant to culture in
a way that music probably was in the 80s
and 90s. Not that music isn't, but it's
gaming is so it's so widely played and
it's so pervasive. I don't know 90% of
kids play Roblox or anything else like

[07:02]
kids play Roblox or anything else like
that." I just kept thinking about it.
One day this investor said to me, "Oh, I
know this guy. He's starting a gaming
company. could use some help. So, I met
with him and I honestly didn't
understand anything that he said to me.
I didn't understand his website. It
literally made no sense to me
whatsoever. And so, I quit my job and
took an 80% pay cut and became the CEO
of the gaming company. [laughter]
That's a big leap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You just thought you just thought this
is a title wave that I want to be
riding, so it's worth taking this big
pay cut to ride it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And also I was like there's so
much I don't understand about this. Like
I want to figure it out. And I'm like I
was like this is hard. They they know a
lot about something I don't know a lot
about. I clearly get where gaming is
going. And it was it was before we had
digital goods and everything else. But
he understood that stuff was going to
come from China and from other places in

[08:02]
come from China and from other places in
terms of a business model and come here.
So I just jumped and took a risk.
&gt;&gt; And what happened after that point? How
did you get from that point to draw
something?
&gt;&gt; He was a really cool guy and everybody
worked at the company was super cool and
lived in New York and Williamsburg and
like went to coffee shops and like made
like really cool games for people like
them. And it was a really multiplayer
game site. It was one of the first
chances that people could really play
online with each other as opposed to by
themselves. There was no iPhone or
anything else like that. And I said,
"Who are the users? Who are the
customers?" and they said people like us
cuz that's who we make games for. Got
deep into Google Analytics and so forth
and I realized that the customers were
actually almost entirely 14-year-old
girls in California.
&gt;&gt; They were just assumed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And they were wrong.
&gt;&gt; That's who was playing the games for
five hours a day. And I was like, well,
maybe that's our customer. And then the
name of the company was I'm in like with
you, which is really funny. And I

[09:01]
you, which is really funny. And I
&gt;&gt; Well, that matches with the 14-year-old
girl. I mean,
&gt;&gt; well, I realized that when people typed
it into Google, they misspelled it and
we were losing traffic.
&gt;&gt; So, we changed the name. We understood
who the audience was, and
&gt;&gt; we started to grow
&gt;&gt; and we added more and more games and
built just kind of like a a gaming site
where people came and played with each
other. And the guy who started was
enormously creative and just a just
visually talented. Like everything about
the games were really great. I remember
once we did a a talk at a conference and
he got up and he just said, "My goal is
to make a game that's so good that some
kid mow lawns to make money to pay for
it."
&gt;&gt; Real quick, please subscribe to my
channel. I know it's kind of lame to
ask, but it means a lot. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; It was good. And then we were successful
with millions of users. Average time on
site was four and a half to five hours.
And then Farmville came out and
Farmville was built on top of Facebook.

[10:01]
Farmville was built on top of Facebook.
All of a sudden they had a hundred
million users. We had like three million
users. All of a sudden we were big and
then we were small. And the whole world
was playing Farmville and other Facebook
games. And the iPhone had just come out.
I was like, "Wow, we missed Facebook. We
didn't make Angry Birds." You know,
sometimes you wonder if it's too late.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Sometimes it is, but sometimes you feel
like it's too late, but it's not.
&gt;&gt; So, we started to make some iPhone games
and then it's like there's a hard part
where you don't fail, but you don't
succeed. So, you're somewhere in the
middle. Like, it's not like you have no
users, but it's not like you have a
zillion users. It's kind of like
&gt;&gt; the messy middle like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're not uber valley of death
&gt;&gt; lift or something like that
&gt;&gt; or worse. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Long story short, we had a drawing
and guessing game that we had tried to
make for Facebook and we had made for
our site and I decided to try to be the
game designer and work with a couple
people in the company and we just made
it as an iPhone game and we released it

[11:01]
it as an iPhone game and we released it
and it did okay and then it kind of
bombed and then some of our developers
were like I think there's a lot of
people trying to play it. I think
there's a technical problem and they
worked all weekend. They fixed it and it
shot to number one and it stayed there
every single day for six months. 25
million people a day were playing it.
It's the number one game in 60 countries
in the world. Uh and a quarter of a
billion people downloaded it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. I want to get to that
before we get there. I find it so
interesting that you know Facebook
releases games and you suddenly feel
like a very small company and you are
compared to Farmville. It made me think
like a lot of times we talk about
platform risk like platform risk to
watch out for those platforms you know
don't want to be relying on one platform
but that same platform risk can put like
non-platform businesses out of business
because that platform is so big and
strong and scary right it's the other
side of the argument you know I'm trying
to reach young people so I built this
website and I was like who goes to a
website like [laughter]
you think they're going to your website

[12:01]
you think they're going to your website
like have you ever seen a young person
open a browser on their phone. They
don't go to
&gt;&gt; only to do homework.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Why didn't draw something for as a
Facebook game work, do you think?
&gt;&gt; I know exactly why it didn't work. It's
kind of not working inspired the thing
that made it work. So, basically on
Facebook, it's like Pictionary. It's
like a drawing guessing game. So, it's
open. You go into a lobby and there's
three other people there and all of a
sudden the word comes up and you draw it
and people guess. Well, if you put
people in a lobby with three strangers,
they're either going to draw anatomical
body parts or they're just going to be
rude. And what could be really fun was
basically kind of toxic most of the
time. Not all the time, but most of the
time. And so when we made it for the
phone, we only let you play your friends
because we were like, we can't stop
people from drawing funny things or
being annoying
&gt;&gt; phallic things.

[13:00]
&gt;&gt; phallic things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But if you know that they're with
their friends, their friends are either
going to say, "Knock it off." Or they're
going to think it's funny. And so I
think what didn't work is kind of like a
wide open space worked amazing on a
friend basis.
&gt;&gt; It's almost like a version of niching
down. Like preventing other people from
playing it. Kind of like Facebook in the
early days, right? Like you have to be a
Harvard student.
&gt;&gt; It's like you couldn't solve changing
people's bad behavior on the internet.
So, it wasn't like you could then
penalize people and they could report
them and everything else like that, but
you could solve just not having it open
to everyone on the internet. So, it was
easier to solve that than it was to
solve the former.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you you have a built-in
virality because you can invite all your
friends in your contact list, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I remember somebody told me I'm
getting invites for draw something on
like people that I was on instant
messenger with that I haven't even
talked to in five years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What aside from like the built-in

[14:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What aside from like the built-in
virality of it from a base principle
perspective, why do you think it
resonated so well?
&gt;&gt; I think it was really simple. I'm not a
game designer, so I made something that
was so easy to understand and play.
Number one, I think it was very
collaborative. It was funny. It was the
first thing to use your finger on the
phone. It was tactile. It was what the
phone was meant to do, not be a joystick
replacement. We didn't make it based on
winners or losers. It you tried to have
a streak with the person that you were
playing with that made people feel like
they weren't competing with each other,
but it just was like a little more
social. It It was actually, in a weird
way, it was just very
&gt;&gt; It was social at a time when most games
were not social.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you think at the time there was
less competition for people's attention
on the phone?
&gt;&gt; Oh, at that time I would say that maybe
seven of the top 10 apps were games. I'd
say now zero are. They're mostly either
Uber or Instagram or Tik Tok.

[15:03]
Uber or Instagram or Tik Tok.
&gt;&gt; Short form video.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, short form videos. So that was a
moment probably from 2010 to 2015 when
games just dominated the phone. That's
what you did. And then I think social
media really knocked that out and game
discovery was like people would be like
what are the new games all the time and
there's not a lot of games there's not a
lot of mobile games that like since then
like people still play they might play
that they play Words with Friends or
Candy Crush or whatever but in the last
5 years I'm not sure there's been a
mobile game that I can think of that's
just like taken over and everybody's
done it because most of their attention
is on social endeavors.
&gt;&gt; I'm just continually amazed at how
innovative and addicting short form
video is. Not just the medium, but the
algorithms that drive it and just how
accurate it is at showing me what I want
to watch. It's it's scary.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, technology is
good and it it knows you. I I uploaded

[16:02]
good and it it knows you. I I uploaded
50 essays that I had written into chat
GBT and I said, "I want you to reverse
engineer my writing style and then I'm
going to give you a prompt and I want
you to write it like I write it." And
I'd say it was like 90% that literally
sounded like I wrote it.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. [laughter and gasps]
In your story, I think you glossed over
something quickly and let me make sure I
get this right. You you were running the
company initially, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was a CEO. You were not a de a
developer by any means.
&gt;&gt; I'm not a software developer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you had this idea and for some
reason you said I want to build this
one. Is that because you just wanted to
learn how to build games or you were so
passionate about it like you just wanted
to own it?
&gt;&gt; In the movie version it's because I'm so
passionate. But in reality I just think
like we were starting to be like we
didn't make Angry Birds and we didn't
make Farmville. Like are we effed? Like
what's going to happen to us? I was
like, "Maybe we're going to fail." Like,

[17:00]
like, "Maybe we're going to fail." Like,
if we're going to fail, at least maybe I
could try to make a game.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it wasn't like, "This is the
best idea I've ever had. This is going
to save the company. Let me go on the
front lines and do it." It's more like
&gt;&gt; 90% of the company was working on other
games.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're like, "All right, we're
kind of in flight mode. We're we're in
survival mode right now. I have this
idea." And you weren't thinking like,
"This is genius. This is for sure going
to work. I'm fully confident." But it
was kind of like I think there's
something to it, but I don't want to
distract my team. They're just trying to
keep their head above water, so why
don't I try to build it?
&gt;&gt; I had no idea if it would work. I also
just was like, I don't know. I just want
to try to make a game. I do overthink
some things. In this case, I didn't
really overthink that. I just was like,
I think I can make something that it
it's funny because the company that
bought us was called Zingga, and they
were the makers of Farmville.
Ironically, I went to the offices in San
Francisco when we were in the process of
contemplating an acquisition and they
had all this stuff on the wall and all

[18:01]
had all this stuff on the wall and all
these game designers were reverse
engineering the game and trying to
figure it out why was it successful.
And I went over and looked and they were
like, "Oh, you made the game." And he's
like, "I I just have this question for
you like why didn't you use XP in the
game experience points?" At that moment
I thought I forgot I meant to use it
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; but it just like totally slipped my mind
and how like that it's like
&gt;&gt; and they just couldn't believe that that
was the case
&gt;&gt; and that was the honest answer. So, it's
like I don't know. Sometimes things just
work themselves out or it's good enough
as is. And sometimes
you have people who are from outside of
an industry who are good at making
something. I had I I met up with a
friend of mine had been the internet
business and then he was in the fashion
business outside of the United States.
Then he came back to United States and
he's like I said, "Oh, what what are you

[19:01]
he's like I said, "Oh, what what are you
up to?" He's like, "Let's catch up." He
said, "I'm making like a sparkling water
like a Soda Stream competitor." I was
like, "You worked in internet and
fashion. What do you know about
sparkling water?" Like, and he goes, "I
don't know anything about it, but I'm an
entrepreneur. That's what I do. I learn
about stuff."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Whoa. It's pretty powerful.
&gt;&gt; Outsiders are powerful. Like, you could
have gotten hung up on adding XP and
that could have like held up the whole
project and then you move on to
something else and maybe it never
happens. Or maybe you added
&gt;&gt; made it less fun.
&gt;&gt; It could have made it less fun. Could
have changed the whole dynamic of the
game, the whole culture of the game.
&gt;&gt; 80-year-olds played my game. It was so
simple.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I say this all the time, but
people get so hung up on researching and
doing market research and talking to
people and what features do I add when
like the building of the thing is the
best research you can do.
&gt;&gt; The building is the research, right? I
think that everything is like it's like
an idea like I'm going to make a brand
new toothbrush. I have an idea. But it's

[20:01]
new toothbrush. I have an idea. But it's
just a premise and it's just an excuse
to get started. Sometimes your
assumptions are wrong or sometimes you
discover something else. But you need
something to get started. You need an
idea and a premise. People like I'm
pivoting. I'm like piv pivoting is like,
you know, when you start out in the
internet business and all of a sudden
you're in the underwear business. Like
that's a pivot. But like everything else
is just you're testing, you're learning,
you're getting visibility into what's
happening. People are giving you
feedback on your idea and telling you
what works and doesn't work or you're
observing that. And you know, you're
building it going forward. And I don't
think that's a pivot. I just think you
need that first premise and you just
need to pay attention.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What what first gave you the idea
for Draw Something? What was that
moment? It was the third iteration of
the game that we had made for ourselves
and for Facebook. So, I had thought a
lot about about why it didn't work. And
then the inspiration really was I went

[21:00]
then the inspiration really was I went
to park with my son and his friend and
they were playing catch and I was like,
"If you guys can catch the ball back and
forth 50 times, I'll buy you an ice
cream." And then I was like, "Oh, it's
like a streak." And then I was like,
"Oh, a streak is a way that two people
can play a game and be on the same team
and not be competitive."
&gt;&gt; And that was like part of the core
insight.
&gt;&gt; So the like the triggering event for the
idea was the feature of the idea and
then you built the actual core idea on
top of the feature.
&gt;&gt; It was fixing something that other
people had built and designed but I had
thought a lot about and it was that. And
then there was one thing that I didn't
have anything to do with, but one of the
developers, Will Chen, did, which was he
figured out how to play back the
drawing. So if I drew a picture of a
house and I sent it to you to guess, you
watched me draw it. It felt live. You
could see me erase money versus me just
sending you a picture of something. And

[22:01]
sending you a picture of something. And
that aspect of it, which I didn't create
at all, it it just made it feel so alive
and so different.
&gt;&gt; And I think that a great game, a great
car, a great product, a great jacket,
whatever it is that you experience, like
it has to make you has to feel amazing.
Like, yeah,
&gt;&gt; I own one suit that I've owned for 12
years. Somehow I still fit into it. And
when I put it on, I'm like, "This suit
makes me feel amazing."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I've I look good. I feel like it's a
great suit. The cut still works. I have
a car with a really nice steering wheel.
It makes me feel amazing. And that
aspect of the game just made it feel
great.
&gt;&gt; First question, how successful do you
think draw something becomes if you
never incorporate that feature of like
seeing it drawn live? Do you think that
was a core part of it?
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; I think it does not become as successful
without that. I think all those things,
&gt;&gt; streaks, lack of competition, solving

[23:03]
&gt;&gt; streaks, lack of competition, solving
the toxic part and that that everything
came together to make it work.
&gt;&gt; And what did you end up selling it for?
&gt;&gt; $200 million.
&gt;&gt; All right, I want to pause here just for
a second to tell you why I've used
Beehive for two years. And I just
actually sent my 100th newsletter
edition. I love Beehive. And you see,
email's different from other platforms
because social media platforms own your
audience. In fact, YouTube just banned
me for a week because they didn't like
one of my videos, even though it was
perfectly compliant. If Instagram
changes their algorithm, your reach
tanks. Same with Tik Tok, Facebook, and
anything else. You're building on rented
land. But with Beehive, I own my list. I
own my audience. I'm not at the mercy of
some nameless, faceless algorithm. Every
time I hit send, they just get my
emails. And Beehive makes this simple.
growth tools, monetization, and a free
website. And I can't get enough of their
analytics and the data I get from
Beehive. This is data that I can
actually use and share with potential

[24:00]
actually use and share with potential
sponsors. It's everything you need in
one platform. The smartest creators out
there are the ones that own their own
audience. So go to beehive.com/chris
to get 30% off your first 3 months.
That's beehiv.com/chris.
And start building something you
actually own. And I feel like if you
don't have all of those ingredients,
right, it's not like take away the
streaks, we sell it for 160. Take away
the live feature, we sell it for 120.
It's kind of like if you miss one of
those,
&gt;&gt; right? It doesn't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you take one of them away, it's
kind of like uh uh your bacon bread, you
take the yeast away. You're like, it'll
just be a little smaller because there's
only 1% of this is yeast. It's like, no,
now you have flatbread and it sucks. You
take one of those four key ingredients
away, then it's a nothing burger. you
never get off the ground, right?
&gt;&gt; I agree.
&gt;&gt; And the pessimistic way of looking at
that is like, well, that's kind of
depressing. I have to like put all these
ingredients together and I don't know
what'll work. And I look at that, it's
like, that's freaking amazing. You're a
chemist in a lab. You were that easy to
make a great product. Everybody would

[25:01]
make a great product. Everybody would
make a great product. But you've got to
assemble all those things. It's like you
asked me about myself and my career. I
assembled all of those different things
from my different experiences. I mean, I
was a high school teacher. every single
thing you put something together. Like
great products feel great even around
the edges. Like when you buy a shirt or
you buy like a really beautiful shirt,
you'll notice the stitching on the
beautiful shirt and everything else like
that. Like it is all of those little
things that make a difference, but they
all have to come together. I mean, you
said too, like your developers are like,
"Dan, I think people are trying to play
this, but something's broken, right?
What if that conversation never
happens?" I the the optimistic way that
I look at your story is that
&gt;&gt; all these little tweaks make such a
difference. And sometimes you're one
tweak away from $200 million, right?
&gt;&gt; One tweak away.
&gt;&gt; That the app doesn't blow up and the
company goes out of business. I feel

[26:00]
company goes out of business. I feel
like it's never been that critical
little tweaks and changes since before
the age of the internet. Like if I'm
running a Facebook ad campaign with a
big budget and I check a box that says
optimize for conversions, optimize for
add to cart, that could be the
difference between me spending $10 to
acquire a customer and $100. That could
be all the difference. So in this
internet connected age, these little
tweaks are everything. And so we don't
want to overoptimize everything and
tweak everything to death, but we want
to just keep testing everything, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of like yoga or if you
work out, like most of us end up doing
it wrong. So you're doing some pose and
then the instructor comes over and they
say, "Actually, your hips have to be
forward." And you're like, "Oh, I was
just wasting two weeks think I was
stretching when I wasn't really doing
anything."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
So you sell for 200 million. What do you
do after that? What's next? So, I work
for the company that bought my company
for a year because that's how those
things go. And then I end up meeting

[27:02]
things go. And then I end up meeting
this guy Ari Emanuel who's the founder
of Endeavor, William Morris Endeavor,
famous talent agent. And long story
short, he pitches me and I say no and he
keeps pitching me and I end up joining
WME as it's called, which is biggest
talent agency in the world. is their
head of digital and I build the
foundation of the modern creator economy
by signing building signing 20 agents
and 250 YouTubers and you know
everything that we think about creators
now was doing 2013 to 2016 and a lot of
people who I worked with who worked for
me and all those are now run digital for
companies all over the US. What's an
accessible version of that business
today? If you were to keep all your
skills, you're 20 years old and you want
to make money in that way kind of in
that industry. How would you go about
it? Like I would try to be a creator in
a niche that I could own. So either

[28:01]
a niche that I could own. So either
you're broadly popular or there's
creators whose specialty is talking
about how to be successful on YouTube.
There's finance, there's cooking,
there's health, there's exercise. I
mean, they're all crowded, but there's
always room for people who are creative
and and a lot of people under the age of
30 rely on other people to help them
filter information. So, if I'm walking
down the street and I see some
restaurant or coffee shop and there's a
massive line, pretty much 100% of the
time someone's like, "Oh, yeah, that
just blew up on TikTok. This one person
went there and talked about it and now
everyone's gone there." So, I I would
think about that. I mean, listen, what
do they say? 40% of Gen Z wants to be a
YouTuber. So, it's just a different form
of being an entrepreneur.
&gt;&gt; How do you think AI plays into that with
AI generated content? Do you think that
makes like unique creators even more
valuable because they stand out even
more or less valuable?
&gt;&gt; I don't have a perfect answer for that

[29:00]
&gt;&gt; I don't have a perfect answer for that
because a lot of what we see now is
probably only the tip of the sword. I do
think that humans are able to
make connections about what resonates
with people and what's different and
what's distinctly human better than AI.
But I think AI can accelerate their
ability to create it. I I think like
I'll teach a book in my class. Let's say
I've picked a book. I've assigned it and
now we talk about it and whatever. The
reality is I could also just go to chat
GBT and say hey I just read this book
what do you think it's about and does
this to ask me some questions I could
talk to for two hours and have a really
de in-depth conversation about the book
but does anyone want to go and just talk
to chat GBT to learn books all day or do
they want to go to class with a
professor and other students and feel

[30:02]
professor and other students and feel
different way and read body language and
everything else like that so I think
there's a role for both
&gt;&gt; yeah and as you're reading that book
you're thinking oh this character
reminds me of my mother or and Chachu
Pedi doesn't know that. And your
students, they want to know from you
without even knowing it. They want to
know from you like how that book ties
into your life experience, right? And
you're able to deliver a unique
experience there. Whereas anyone could
just regurgitate the Chad GPT summary
just like Spark Notes, right? Yeah. It
it's
I'm going to be more likely to have an
opinion which they might agree or
disagree. I'm more likely to say, "Hey,
in my life when I made this game or I
signed this YouTuber, I was reading this
book and it made me think about X, Y,
and Z." So, I think we are trained to
think in this world that B is going to
replace A and C is going to replace B.
But I think there are ways that it is
additive in a lot of different ways. So,

[31:01]
additive in a lot of different ways. So,
I I think that human creativity
is still going to be important. I think
there's a lot of AI creativity. I mean,
sometimes we'll be working on a project
at work and we're like, we just don't
have a good name for this competition
we're doing and sometimes the names that
come out through AI are amazing and
everyone's like, that's perfect. And
sometimes they suck. But it's just like
it's a tool, but I don't think we're all
going to just be sitting at home.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because AI is making amazing
YouTube videos and other content.
&gt;&gt; But I think it's,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's it's going to it's going
to work together.
&gt;&gt; Tell me about the genesis of Overtime
and what Overtime is.
&gt;&gt; Overtime is a sports platform, sports
brand for next generation of sports
fans. I was working in sports at my job
at the talent agency and I heard from a
lot of sports leagues that young people
weren't watching live sports and I'm
like they're all watching all the

[32:00]
like they're all watching all the
YouTubers that I work with but they're
not watching live sports. I wonder if
there's an opportunity. So again I just
quit my job and I was like
let's see if we can start a company to
figure out how to get every young person
to care about us. Oh by the way we have
no highlights, no live rights. We can't
cover any pro sports, but still we're
going to figure it out. And that's
ultimately what we did. So today, every
week, a quarter of a billion people
watch a video that we make. We have over
110 million followers. We have a
basketball league that kicks off on
Halloween this Friday, the 31st. We have
a football league. We have a girls
basketball league. We're in a bunch of
different league and event businesses,
media businesses, and we've created a
really dominant brand and maybe the
largest kind of creator in sports.
&gt;&gt; Tell me about the crowdsourcing side of
that. How do the How does a kid with an
iPhone play into your business model?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, honestly, it doesn't. I think it's
a misconception about our business and I

[33:01]
a misconception about our business and I
don't know how to get people to stop
writing that, but I think the perception
was we just used UGC videos, but we
didn't. What we did was we built our own
camera technology for the iPhone and
then we paid people $20 to go to certain
games and film stuff that we then
published. So it was actually an
endto-end network where we had a
deployed army of maybe 800 iPhone
filmers who used our software, tagged it
and did it. But for some reason people
thought that that was UGC and that part
I'm Look, I'm answering your question
and I haven't even published a UGC video
like that for nine years. Over time, of
these 800 kids, are you able to find
ones that are just like spectacular and
you're paying them more? Are you giving
them more roles? I feel like there's a
lot of surface area for finding rock
stars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, some of them work for us now, like
full-time, and they started when they
were 16, just like filming games for us,
but over time, we also ended up starting
our own leagues, so I didn't need to
have 800 people. But there's definitely

[34:01]
have 800 people. But there's definitely
people work at the company, and that's
how we know them. What kind of business
ideas or other opportunities has working
within Overtime shown you that you're
too focused on to chase after?
&gt;&gt; I think Tik Tok Shop is super
interesting. I think that a lot of
products are going to be driven by
creators. I think that product
categories
are going to change over time. I think
we're in a like a food product world
where functionality is a huge aspect of
that. So I think that's pretty big. I
think that second colleges which engage
nil name image likeness to to play a
part in attracting athletes. There's
just going to be a lot of change in that
space. I mean, you know, Reggie Bush
lost his Heisman Trophy and then four or
five years ago now people are making
millions of dollars in college playing

[35:01]
millions of dollars in college playing
sports. I think it's an incredibly
growing and disruptive space. So, those
are two that I would think about where I
it's not on exactly for the business,
but I think there's opportunity there.
&gt;&gt; What about the genesis of 67 water? How
did that come about and where's it at
today?
Similarly, I um
&gt;&gt; Oh, there it is.
&gt;&gt; Uh, you know, we built a water brand off
of a meme. I I picked water because it
was just easy to make and we didn't have
to do testing and tasting and stuff like
that. We turned around the whole thing
in 8 weeks. We've sold tens of thousands
of them. We have 41,000 people on our
wait list. We're one of the most
followed water brands in the world. But
right now we have a couple interns who
go to gas stations and bodeas in New
York and they just talk to people and
they're coming back and they're saying
you know what I think we need a flavor
and this is why. So like it starts as

[36:00]
and this is why. So like it starts as
this kind of instinct. We're sitting in
a room and we're like this would be
crazy. Let's do it. But now a lot of the
decisions are being made because people
on the street are spending time with
bodega owners and talking to kids in
middle school who come in to buy a drink
and seeing what they're buying and
asking them why. So I wouldn't call it
market research, but I'd call it like
customer development and a deep
understanding there. And that's going to
drive the product innovation as it
should.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Are you still looking for
distributors and you're still trying to
scale that? I'm really focused on
distributing it in Kentucky where Taylor
Kenny, who is the main athlete who
started this and started 67 and
everything else like that, lives. A
because he's from there, and B because I
feel like everyone who makes a product
tries to launch it in LA, San Francisco,
or New York, which is a really hard
place to get traction. So, I just
somehow feel like maybe Kentucky is the
right place to launch it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so funny. Like I I thought

[37:01]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so funny. Like I I thought
that thing was going to die. The 67 was
going to die a month ago. Six month five
months ago, like a month after it came
out. I have four kids between the ages
of nine and 15. And so when I when I
heard you on MFM like explaining to them
what it was and what it meant, I'm like,
doesn't everyone know this? Like I hear
it 10 times a day.
&gt;&gt; It's everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, I think we
always think like culture is at its peak
and then it gets to a higher peak and a
higher peak. Quick question. What if
there were a private community out there
of people that were building businesses
based on this podcast? Well, I just made
it and it's only for business starters
and business builders. It's called TK
Owners and it's basically like having me
and 100 other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.

[38:02]
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
&gt;&gt; Definitely when it's in the Wall Street
Journal and on the Today Show, we might
be towards the end, but when we started
this, we were not there at all. And I
also think there's aspects of culture
that are exclusionary.
If you know, you know. And there are
aspects that are inclusionary. And I
actually watched this Tik Tok from this
mom and she was saying like the thing
about 67 is everyone can say it and
everyone is in on the joke and there's
actually not a lot of things that are
really inclusionary
like on a broad level where if you're
cool or you're not cool if you sit in
the front of the class or the back of
the class if you're a jock if you're not
a jock. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think that in a way
looking back at it there's a deep
understanding that there was some power
to it that just it was just funny and I
I think you know the idea of like
monoculture like we're all watching the
same thing or everyone's going to see
Taylor Swift or whatever those things or

[39:00]
Taylor Swift or whatever those things or
the Super Bowl like those things are
less and less than I think when we were
kids but when they happen I think it's
just funny. I mean, if my grandparents
were still alive, they would probably
think it was funny to say that. I don't
know those types of things on a
participation basis. Like, people were
too obsessed with the fact it doesn't
mean anything. Nothing means everything.
Everything is lit. A word is just a
symbol with an arbitrary meaning
attached to it. So, like that's not the
point of it. The point of it is it's
fun. It's funny. It gives people a way
to be included. I wrote this on
LinkedIn, but I think forgetting that it
it like comes with the hand gesture like
I can say what's up, but there's no hand
gesture. So, it's sometimes you like
watch like a baseball game or football
game. People are doing this in the
background. You know exactly what
they're doing even with the sound off.
It just it was
&gt;&gt; meme so to speak that just was built for
video audio social school camp
everything.
&gt;&gt; Well, it doesn't hurt that the two

[40:00]
&gt;&gt; Well, it doesn't hurt that the two
numbers are right next to each other.
So, we're going to be hearing them
together forever, and it's going to be
hard to like untrain our brain to not
hear it in that tone. How many students
have you taught, give or take, roughly?
&gt;&gt; Probably 400 to 450.
&gt;&gt; When you talk to a student, you're five
sentences into the conversation. What's
something that you hear or notice that
just signals to you, "This kid's got it.
He's going to make it. He's going to be
okay."
&gt;&gt; Interesting. I thought you were going to
ask me a different question, which is
like what are all the misconceptions
about life they have?
&gt;&gt; I'd like to hear that, too. But
&gt;&gt; it's hard to know that unless you're
talking about like a specific assignment
or anything else like that. If you look
at a class, most people don't ask any
questions. Some people ask bad questions
and other people ask really, really good
questions. And people ask good
questions. You get it. They're just
people who
&gt;&gt; they think differently,
&gt;&gt; operate at a different level. Like
they're confident about the knowledge.
They're engaged. They're not asking you

[41:01]
They're engaged. They're not asking you
if it's going to be on the test. It's an
in-person class, so I'm biased because
people with interpersonal charisma. I
make I I run out of time every year, but
I try to make every student stand up and
tell a personal story about something
that happened to them in their first
year in New York City. And sometimes you
just realize like some people are just
really gifted and or some people are
just really fearless and the rest of
them are just like is it going to be on
the test or I go to do the grading and
I'm thinking like I don't even know who
this person is.
&gt;&gt; What's a category or an industry that
you have no experience in but just kind
of you're obsessed over for some reason?
Something you find interesting?
&gt;&gt; I pay a lot of attention to skin care
and beauty. I don't really know anything
about it. On the influencer side, it was
the first business that influencers were
really, really successful in. It feels
like cutthroat competition, like this is
the brand, now it's not the brand. I

[42:01]
the brand, now it's not the brand. I
really like packaging and like visual
communication information. It's
fascinating to go into a Sephora and
look at all the design stuff. I like
functionality and health. So trying to
understand what's functional and what's
not functional. And then I like the idea
of products that make like clothing or
makeup or that you know they'll be like
skinny leg, wide leg, like it's not
trends. It's like what are we all doing
together to express who we are or who we
aren't and I think those things are
super interesting.
&gt;&gt; You mentioned early on that you you're
very focused. Um like you focus on
things. You also have a a a broad array
of knowledge. You've been in different
industries. How does that balance? What
are your thoughts on focus? When is the
right time to focus? When is the right
time to chase the shiny object?
&gt;&gt; I'm very obsessive. So, I have a mesh
network in my house and I have like a
dlink in the basement with like 18

[43:02]
dlink in the basement with like 18
different Ethernet cords that came in
from when I renovated my house and put
jacks and everything. And everybody
complains, "The internet sucks in our
house. it's too slow and this isn't
working or whatever. So, I have this
week probably spent 12 hours like so
deep. I just got one of those tools you
stick in the wall and you measure the
eight pins and whatever. And my son says
to me yesterday, he's 24. He's like,
"Why don't you just hire someone like
&gt;&gt; like you're spending so much time on
like trying to figure out why the why
these are like full gigabit and these
are not and I was just like I'm not
giving up. Like I just will not give
up." And then last [clears throat] night
he's like, "Wow, the internet my room is
really fast. Everywhere else it's slow,
but at least in his room is fast now."
And I was like, "No, I haven't figured
out the other eight rooms in the house."
And I know I can always hire someone and

[44:00]
And I know I can always hire someone and
then I'll give up, but I'm I'm like
crimping and cutting the ends off and
things and whatever. And I'll probably
never use I'm just like I will figure
this out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and you're going to
appreciate the internet even more when
it's your internet, right?
&gt;&gt; That part, too. I just don't I don't
want to lose like
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I have like hundreds of chats with chat
GPT where I take pictures of the back of
the thing and I'm like, "Oh, yeah.
What's wrong with this wiring? Is it
this end or that end or the other thing?
I walk around with my laptop. So, it's
like it's like starting a company or
something like that, you just get so
obsessed that you have to figure it out
and make it work. And that's what it
requires. When people are like, "Oh, I
own four businesses." is I'm like, well,
you own them maybe, but like I don't
know how they can be great because like
for me, I I just got to be obsessed and
all in and thinking about it non-stop to
make it great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Regardless of the industry, you

[45:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Regardless of the industry, you
don't care.
&gt;&gt; Regardless, I mean, I I care like there
there's a limit. I I'm not going to do
anything in in like
&gt;&gt; chemistry, for example, like I will
never understand it. And there are
things that I tap out on, but other
things especially things that are
consumer oriented or culture or like I
always say like I learn so much like a
lot of what I learn about business I
learned from culture like I was a big
watch of the wire and breaking bad and
it's not like oh I learned tactics about
how to start my own lab or how to sell
drugs and projects but I'm like what is
compelling about these stories and why
do they resonate with people and what do
they have in common and even if you look
at now Like K-pop Demon Hunters and
Stranger Things are actually the same
story. They both have an underworld.
They both have kids who alert adults to
what's going on in the world. They have
all of these things that are very
similar,
&gt;&gt; even if they didn't watch each other's
shows. So, it says to me like, oh, we
live in this time of anxiety where young

[46:00]
live in this time of anxiety where young
people don't trust that grown-ups are
going to be able to figure that out. And
when was that true? Also in the early
80s, like War Games with Matthew
Brderick. Like those themes don't always
exist, but they come and go at times
when young people are like, I don't
really feel that. And I tie that to like
my overall thinking about like why are a
lot of young people really into wired
headphones right now versus AirPods?
Like I love AirPods. Well, I think to
some extent they're just like, how long
am I going to trust that technology is
better for me? Like what if I just have
a bunch of headphones I don't need to
charge and one doesn't fall out when I'm
riding my bike and like I'm good. And so
those to me are cultural indicators that
I pay a lot of attention to and I try to
feed back into what I'm creating or
working on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Was there something that I should
have asked you that I didn't? Anything
you want to get out there to the world
or anything interesting?
&gt;&gt; What are the things that your students
ask you that are misconceptions or
whatever?
&gt;&gt; I'd be curious to hear that as well.
&gt;&gt; Whatever you major in does not matter.

[47:01]
&gt;&gt; Whatever you major in does not matter.
Your grades do not matter. And whatever
your parents tell you, you should
probably not listen to them because it's
your life. And I also say that saying
that most people's parents still have
probably had one or two jobs their whole
life and most young people are going to
have 10 jobs given everything else.
&gt;&gt; Like when you're 21 or 22 or you're
graduating, like you can either live
somebody else's story or you can write
your own story. And it's way scarier to
write your own story. And it's way
easier to do what everyone else is doing
because the rules are really explicit
and you know exactly how to do that. And
it's way more risky to try to write your
own story. But if you're connected
enough to the world, it can be also way
more rewarding. And I think like the
beginning part of our conversation,
school and education and a lot of, you
know, functional things that we

[48:00]
know, functional things that we
experience growing up, they tend to go
like this. We tend to like like
5-year-olds are crazy creative and into
dinosaurs and trains and I don't know
what your kids were into, but like it's
all that stuff. And it's just kind of
all goes like this. We beat it out.
&gt;&gt; We're all in this little realm where we
want to do this and we want to do that.
And I'm just like, if you can break out
of that, there's so much crazy potential
in the world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, beautifully said. That inspires me
to get my kids to do more weird things,
honestly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Or just I mean, you you
probably do it, but it's like we all do
as parents. You indulge them. I mean, I
used to know the name of every Thomas
the Tank Engine train and whatever else,
and I I could barely remember them, but
like the passion of like a 5-year-old
who's so emphatic over something, it's
so like it's incredible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, with that in mind, my final qu
question, passion or profit? Follow your
passion, follow the profit.
&gt;&gt; There's two aspects of passion. One

[49:00]
&gt;&gt; There's two aspects of passion. One
aspect is like I'm into poetry, I'm into
music, I like sports. I don't think you
have to follow your passion for that.
that that your passion may not correlate
with a high likelihood of gainful
employment. You might love poetry, but
there's no job. You might love books,
but you're not gonna be a writer, and
that that industry is small. But I think
you can have passion for things that you
do, accounting, marketing, talking to
people, sales, live events. Like, as you
get out in the world, you're just like,
and you know what drives that passion? A
lot of times you're good at it. Like I
know people who have changed careers and
they're emergency room doctors and
they're just, you know, they're so good
at it that that's what that's what the
passion is. And I just think separating
that idea that the passion has to be
your interest versus the thing that you
might actually be really good at because
we're all really good at something and
it's just a process of unpacking that.
&gt;&gt; Dan, thank you. That was amazing. Where
can people find you if they want to
reach out or sell some water? TFADP on

[50:01]
reach out or sell some water? TFADP on
Twitter and on pretty much every social
platform.
&gt;&gt; All right, what' you think?