[00:00]
This is my friend Shannon, and he owns a
bunch of businesses, but his favorite
revenue stream are his Amazon books.
Yes, he has ebooks that he's written
over the last who knows how many years,
and he sells them passively on Amazon.
And he makes thousands of dollars a
month, completely passively. Yes, it was
active to write the books, but today
it's passive. And he did this before AI.
And of all the things he runs, he told
me that his Amazon payments every month
just tastes the sweetest. So today we're
going to talk about how can you leverage
AI tools to write books that you sell on
Amazon without having to take possession
of a book or ship a book or anything.
You just type in some prompts, you
publish a book, and you sell it. Not
only do we have AI tools, but we have
third-party AI tools right now that will
tell us what is hot on Amazon. What
types of books are people searching for
and not finding? What is the random
backyard gardening beehive holistic
organic southeastern Montana book that
people keep searching for and just not
finding? Well, I'm going to show you how
to find the demand, how to use some cool
tools, and how to start making money

[01:00]
tools, and how to start making money
with AI books in Amazon. Also, we're
going to talk about professional
templates, how you can estimate how many
sales you'll make every day, week,
month, and we'll also talk about some
case studies of people that are using AI
to make good money on Amazon.
Okay. So, anytime I try to reverse
engineer someone using a specific tool
or software, I like to go directly to
the homepage of that software to see
what they're promoting to people. So,
let me share my screen. If I go to
bookbolt.io, I'm going to see create and
upload coloring books, story books, and
lowc content books to Amazon in seconds.
Okay. So, I'm guessing, and this is a
big assumption here, that they are
pushing on us what people are using
Bookbolt for the most. And the other
assumption is that what people are using
Bookbolt for are the things most likely
to be profitable on Bookbolt. So I'm
going to look down here on the homepage.
They're talking about the studio know
what sells on Amazon market research
because if Book Bolt lister was their
mostus product, then they would have put

[02:01]
mostus product, then they would have put
this at the top. But good websites, and
I'm assuming this is a good website.
I've heard great things. Put the things
that people use the most and search for
the most at the top to remove the most
amount of friction to get the most
amount of people finding what they're
looking for. Training calls every month.
They've got success stories. Okay. Now,
while I'm working on this, I want chat
GBT to be working for me. And so, I
started a deep research prompt that
says, "Find case studies about people
who made serious cash publishing
coloring books, story books, and low
content books to Amazon." I just copied
this directly from the header right
here. Who they are and how they did it.
Remove all the spammy, scammy stuff from
people merely selling courses. I want
tactics. Look on YouTube, Reddit, Indie
Hackers, message boards, Facebook, etc.
Anywhere. Let's do solo creators. Are
you looking for recent success stories
or older stuff at Fit Solid? The more
recent the better. Any preferences on
what kind of low content books? What I
listed plus what you can find? Are you
only interested in Amazon KDP? Focus

[03:02]
only interested in Amazon KDP? Focus
mostly on KDP, but also look to Etsy and
Gumroad. And then I said, try to find
tactics from people specifically using
Bookbolt.io as well. All right, so
that's going to get cranking, but I
don't want it to bias me. I want to go
do my own research and my own factf
finding while deep research cranks for
me. Okay, so I have a paid account here.
Now, I do know that Bookbolt has built
their system from the ground up to
enable even complete beginners to use
it. And I've talked to a lot of people
that have used Amazon KDP, which stands
for Kindle Direct Publishing. And be
honest, most of them don't find the
success that they're looking for because
they don't have the tools that they
need. What if you were trying to build a
shed in your backyard and all you had
was a hammer and some nails and some
2x4s? Well, you really need a power
drill, some screws, a chopsaw. You need
a lot more. If you don't have the right
tools, then you're going to say, "Oh,
this isn't successful. I guess people
just can't build sheds. I guess sheds

[04:00]
just can't build sheds. I guess sheds
just aren't a thing. I guess it's a scop
from the government." No, they just
don't have the right tools. We really
need sales estimates. We got to see what
stuff currently listed on Amazon is
selling for, how much they're selling
per month. We really need keyword
research tools so we could know what to
spend our time on before we actually
dive way into it. And we also need
templates because we're not designers.
I'm not a designer. I need a starting
point. And from what I understand, Book
Bolt offers all three of those things
and more. So, while deep research works
for us, let's dive right into their
keyword tool to do a little research on
what to launch. So, it says, "The more
specific and niche your keywords are,
the better your search results will be.
Try using longtail phrases or combining
multiple terms to target a more defined
audience." Now, I use the phrase long
tail a lot, but what does it actually
mean? Well, if you look at this right
here, this is a distribution curve. This
is the head of the curve and this is the
tail, right? And it's long. So in this
case, in looking for what types of
content to publish, the head of the tail
would be like self-help, business,

[05:02]
would be like self-help, business,
fiction, non-fiction. That's what most
people are searching for, the 80% of the
8020 rule. But this tail here is where
all the money is made because the
results are unevenly distributed. You
really got to put the leg work in to see
where is there more demand for a keyword
than supply. If you're willing to put a
little bit of leg work in, you will get
a lot more results out of that leg work.
We're not Tony Robbins. We're not Dave
Ramsey. We're not trying to beat them.
They make 7 8 n figures a year on Amazon
because they've been building a brand
for decades. We're just trying to make
a,000 bucks a month, 5, 10, 15,000 bucks
a month. Okay. Now, in thinking of
keywords to pick, we want to think of
things that are familiar to us. Even
though we're going to use AI to write
most of this, we need to be able to edit
it. So the book or piece of content
reads in a way that just makes sense
that doesn't sound like AI. So what do I
know inside and out? Texas barbecue. I
know it. I love it. I cook it. So with
that in mind, I want to search for Texas

[06:00]
that in mind, I want to search for Texas
barbecue because that is a topic that I
know and love and cook with every single
week. Texas barbecue. Search. All right.
All right. Look at this. Look at this.
Okay. Texas barbecue, 91,000 searches on
Google, 96 cent cost per click, low
competition. What does that mean? Why
does it have so much search volume and
low competition? Well, I'm guessing it's
because people are looking for
restaurants. And paid Google Ads is not
something that restaurants usually use
to advertise. They're usually paying
Google Maps or Apple Maps or Yelp or
other products outside of Google Ads to
rank. This creates a little arbitrage
opportunity because the same person
searching for a Texas barbecue
restaurant might likely be searching for
a Texas barbecue book or instructions or
a blog. And so we can hijack all that
search traffic that other brands aren't
paying for and send users to a different
place that's still relevant to them.
Now, if we look on the Amazon side of
things and click on the more details pie

[07:01]
things and click on the more details pie
chart here, we can see that it has an A
competition score, which means other
people aren't competing on this term,
but it has a one estimated monthly sales
volume, which clearly is not great. So,
let's go less niche on this, and just
search barbecue. All right, looking a
lot better. Has about 25 times the
search volume. Let's click on more
details. 149 monthly sales volume,
competition score F. So, it's very
competitive. And on the Google side of
things, it's very competitive as well.
All right. Now, one of the favorite
tools I like to use on this is right at
the very top. Once again, go with what
the system is telling you to do. Product
search. This is just the homepage of the
product search tab. This is 1,000%
designed by AI. Spooky cutie cute and
comfy coloring book. $10. Was published
a little over a year ago. BSR stands for
book sales ranking. That's how well this
book is selling in its specific
category. And right here it shows you
that it's ranked 30th right now and it
used to be 47. It's come up 17 spots,

[08:02]
used to be 47. It's come up 17 spots,
865 estimated sales, which means this
book has made almost $10,000. This book,
very similar, same seller, same price,
similar amount of sales. Now, what is a
lowc content book? It's stuff like this
coloring book. Dad, I want to hear your
story. This is basically a journal for
someone to gift to their dad so that
they can write down their stories. Cocoa
WIO stress relief. Another 10 grand from
this book. All AI generated. And here's
the thing, guys. Stop overthinking the
fact that it's AI generated. If we're
solving a problem that people have, if
we're fulfilling a need that they're
searching for on the internet, then even
if they know it's AI, they don't care
because you're selling them something
that they're looking for. Imagine
logging into chat GPT and saying what is
the capital of Florida and then it spits
out the answer Tallahassee and it's like
oh you of course yeah you're chat like
no
yes it's AI generated but it's also
right it's also the answer you were
looking for because it's accurate

[09:01]
looking for because it's accurate
speaking of chat GPT generated answers
I'm about to read my deep research
generated answer even though it's from
ChatGpt because it's what I'm looking
for so coloring and lowcontent books
Chris Ray Dog's $16,000 coloring book
when a YouTuber who earned over $15,000
from a single coloring book. He credits
using high demand niches, using smart
advertising, creating quality content,
spotting trends, yada yada yada. One low
content notebook analyzed by publisher
Kristen Walter sold 28,000 copies in a
single month, a funny gag journal or a
trendy theme and benefited from high
demand. Such success isn't average, but
proves a solo creator can strike gold
with the right idea at the right time.
This is called an asymmetric bet. You
pay 20 bucks a month for software. Use
that software to research trends. Use AI
and other $20 a month software to
generate some lowc content books.
Publish them on Amazon. You'll either
win or you'll learn. And use those same
skills in whatever else you launch next.

[10:00]
skills in whatever else you launch next.
Maybe it's another book that does even
better or worse. Maybe it's another
business entirely. This book had
therapeutic prompts. It was priced at
$12 and it sold over 1 million copies,
earning millions of revenue, earning
about $12 million in revenue. Word
search puzzle book with only 22 reviews
pulls in over 11,000 a month at a $9.99
price point. Coloring books remain one
of the most lucrative niches on KDP.
Some self publishers have scaled to
100,000 per year through multiple
coloring book titles. Lara Sarah, a
content creator, turned two books into
500,000 per month business. Spanish
language learning books, Spanish in 60
days and Spanish for real. So you could
look at this and say, "Oh, Duolingo. Oh,
Rosetta Stone. Oh, Chad GBT. Oh, the new
AirPods automatically translate. People
don't need need to learn new languages
anymore." Especially they don't need to
learn them through books. Like what is
this 1984? Stop. It's still there for
the same reason that physical paper

[11:00]
the same reason that physical paper
books didn't go out of business when the
Kindle was invented. We still want
books. All right, this is incredible.
There's a ton of case studies. I don't
even have time to read them all. Mom, I
want to hear your story. Okay, similar
to the dad book, preschool activity
book. I think you should go all in on
homeschool books. Look, things I need to
write down because I'm old and I forget
stuff. This is just a journal and the
only differentiator is a funny title.
So, let's do this. Screenshot the title.
Back to Chad GPT. Give me 10 more
journal ideas with funny titles like
these. What's stopping you from selling
journals that are just a bunch of blank
pages as most journals are that just
have funny titles and seeing which one
hits? What's stopping you from
publishing all 10 of the ideas and
seeing which one hits? Then once you
find a winner, then you can put Amazon
ads behind it. All right, let's get a
little granular on the filtering here. I
want to find titles that do not have a
high BSR sales ranking because this is
going to be more realistic for us. So
100 to a,000 price between 10 and $30

[12:03]
100 to a,000 price between 10 and $30
sales between 100 and 5,000. Okay, this
book has made about 10,000 bucks. Okay,
guys, first of all, I'm an idiot. These
sales numbers, this is a monthly number.
Okay, of course they haven't had 646
all-time sales and 17,000 ratings. This
book's been around for over 6 years. And
if they have 17,000 ratings, then
they've sold several times more than
that in number of books because only a
small singledigit percentage of people
actually leave a rating. So let's say
it's sold 100,000 books. They probably
sold the bulk of them in the first year
or so and it slowed down since then.
That means that this book has made over
a million dollars. If only one in six
people left a rating for it. Let's go
back to Chad GPT. Here are 10 funny
relatable journal title ideas in the
same tone as your example. I had a
thought once, better write it down.
Stuff I swear I told someone already.
Plans on yada yada yada. You can see
what those are. Password hints that will
make zero sense later. World changing
thoughts I'll never act on. What is
stopping you from selling a journal like

[13:00]
stopping you from selling a journal like
this? If this person could do it and
their only differentiator is a cute
title, then why can't you? Go back to
the keyword tool. Let's search for
journal. 2.6 million searches. Click the
pie chart. High competition tea journal
tea tasting journal 10,000 searches a
month for a tea tasting journal.
Fibromyalgia
journal system journal symptom tracking
journal 1500 searches a month. Tell me
your idea is too niche. I dare you. RV
journal hardcover spiral journal 10,000.
Guys, what are we talking about here?
Competition score A. Why aren't you
selling an RV journal hardcover spiral
journal? So, here's what's cool. Take
this. Click on the A keyword search. It
opens this page right here and it tells
you all the keywords that people are
using to find this. Let's click on
movers and shakers 2026 calendar, 2026
graduation guest book. These are all low
content book ideas. Food word search
puzzle yada yada yada. Look at these

[14:00]
puzzle yada yada yada. Look at these
charts here. When you click on
evergreens, you can see things that are
trending right now. You can see exactly
what their sales volumes are. Okay, I'm
here in the Bookbolt studio and this is
where all the magic happens. I'm
creating a paperback journal called
Conversations I rehearse in the shower.
6 by9 black and white interior with
white paper 100 pages. Cool. Now, keep
in mind this studio formats everything
in the right way for Amazon KDP. So, you
don't have to do all this work twice.
While this loads, I'll just give you
some tips for this. The reason that
people fail at this endeavor is because
they're picking niches that are
oversaturated or they're not doing any
keyword research whatsoever. They're
using generic designs that nobody's
asking for. They don't actually know
what's selling versus what isn't. Just
because you think your idea is good
doesn't mean that the market does. And
you got to customize your templates.
Don't just give what the software spits
out to you. You got to make it
different, cute, unique, etc. That's why
doing all this research beforehand is so
invaluable. This idea is awesome for
working parents, single moms, side

[15:01]
working parents, single moms, side
hustler looking for income. But if
you're looking to get rich quick, you
hate doing research, you don't like the
process, you won't stick with it past
the first attempt because news flash,
your first book probably won't be that
good. Your first book is mostly for
learning. This is not a get-richquick
scheme, and it's not guaranteed.
Nothing's guaranteed. So, let's say you
make a planner or a journal that sells
10 copies a day. You make $3 in
royalties per copy. That's 30 bucks a
day, a,000 bucks a month. Do that 10
times. Now granted, you might have to do
that 20 or 30 times to find 10 winners
that are as good, if not better than the
first one. But if you do, then that's 10
grand a month. You got to put work in on
the front end. But after that, it's
quite passive. There's no customer
support. There's nothing to ship,
package, returns, tracking, etc. If you
do this for 3, 6, 12 plus months
consistently, you will earn real real
income. Start by trying this for 30
days. Start by testing one product just
to see how it works. Then you can test a
coloring book, a planner, a calendar, a
graduation party guest list book, etc.