[00:00]
We've all heard the phrase, "Good
artists copy, great artists steal." But
how can you do that ethically? How can
you do that tactically? Especially when
it comes to websites because we all want
a beautifully designed website for
whatever it is that we're doing, but we
don't all know how to do it. Don't even
have a creative vision for what that
beautiful website should look like. But
every now and then, we come across
someone else's website that just looks
gorgeous, and we think, "Huh, I wish I
had that website." Right. Well, today
I'm going to show you the AI tool and
the AI prompt that can help you copy and
paste other people's websites, even if
it's in a completely different industry
than yours.
So, little backstory. I own a tree
trimming business and we recently
discovered that we love the sport court
business because our tree trimming jobs
are about $1,500 on average and a sport
court job is about $50 to $60,000 on
average. And as luck would have it, I
just had my own sport court built and I
subcontracted out all the work and saved
about $25,000 on the job. So now I have
a whole rolodex of subcontractors that I

[01:02]
a whole rolodex of subcontractors that I
can use to sell sport courts to someone
else. But I need a website for this and
it needs to be a beautiful website
because this is a luxury service that
I'm offering. But I'm a little lazy. I'm
a little strapped for time. So I want to
take someone else's beautiful website in
another industry and apply it to mine.
Now, there's a handful of tools that do
this, but I just discovered one that
I've been liking for website design,
specifically liking for copying and
pasting other people's websites, and
it's called ready. And the prompt is
very simple. Copy this website. And then
you want to give it specifics of like,
make sure it has this section or that
section, make sure it highlights these
features, make sure it has a form submit
button, etc. But basically, you just
copy and paste domain name and ask it to
copy and paste the website. And I love
this tool because you can publish
instantly. you can be running within
minutes. If you want to get more custom,
more creative, you can export the code
to wherever it needs to go. And the
websites just look really good. They're
really professional. So, let's go ahead
and see how this works. So, I went to
Google and I typed in beautiful home

[02:01]
Google and I typed in beautiful home
service business websites and I found
some lists. And I found this kitchen
cabinet website that I really like. I
don't know who these guys are. They
don't know who I am. Kitchen cabinet
guys. I love the hero image. I love how
you can play a video of how it works.
You can get your estimate right here.
There's a timer. There's a coupon.
They're doing a lot of sophisticated
things that you don't usually see in the
home service industry. And I want to
copy them. You've got animations as you
scroll and several calls to action as
you scroll, not just one. This one's
persistent. This one's at the bottom.
This one's at the top. It's got
everything I want and need in a website.
It's SEO friendly. And then you have a
more detailed form at the bottom of the
site. So, without further ado, I'm going
to copy the domain. I'm going to go to
ready.ai, rea y.ai, and I'm going to
call it backyard
funhouse
website because that's the name of my
business. And click create. Okay. Copy

[03:03]
business. And click create. Okay. Copy
the design from All right. Copy the
design from kitchenc cabinet.net. But
the new website needs to be for a
business called Backyard Funhouse, which
is a business that builds sport courts,
pools, putting greens, and other fun
backyard amenities only within the
greater DFW area. Be sure to insert
beautiful images of completed projects
and list out the five to 10 biggest
cities in DFW. As well, there should be
a form where people can request more
info, too. Go. So, I'm probably asking
it to do too much on this first prompt,
and it may break, but let's give it a
shot, and I'll time it. It's 12:40 right
now.
Okay, here we go. 12:45. 5 minutes
exactly. That is pretty dang good. It
just says logo up here. They don't have
a logo yet, but I didn't give them one.
Okay. AI generated images, but that's
better than uh you know, stealing images
from Google images and potential
copyright issues. Not sure what that
text is, but easy to fix. Artificial

[04:01]
text is, but easy to fix. Artificial
putting greens, outdoor kitchens. Didn't
even talk to it about that. Pergas and
shade structures. Absolutely. Why not?
Sport courts special financing
available. Why not? Yeah, we could do
that. It's got a full gallery
testimonials
step one, two, three. Wow, look at that.
Okay, it's a map of Texas as an outline
of the DFW area, which is interesting.
We could change that. We could fix that.
But, uh, for a oneshot prompt, look at
that. Select your project type.
Interactive. Beautiful form. Now, if we
compare this side by side with the
kitchen cabinet, guys, the differences,
it's actually very similar. These
segments are rounded on the edges. Call
to action one, two, three, step
financing available. So, it copied that
from this website. And the thing is is
if this kitchen cabinet guy's business
is if they have like a a high converting
website or a welloptimized website, it

[05:00]
website or a welloptimized website, it
probably means they're doing the other
small things in their business, right?
So, if they're offering financing, I
should probably offer financing. If they
have their number persistently on the
top row, I should probably do the same
thing. If these are their menu options
up here, I should probably have the same
thing. Look, very similar. It has the
interactive segments here. So, I'm
actually very pleasantly surprised by
this. In doing a little research, Ready
also autooptimize for SEO. It'll index
you to Google so you don't have to do
that separately and it will create all
the technical files for you
automatically as well. You could buy
your domain through them or you could
buy it elsewhere and import it into
ready. All right, I want to see if I can
trip up this website builder a little
bit. So, I'm going to ask it to do a
couple things to the hero image.
Add a timer, coupon, or promotional tag
to my hero image. I like how it was able
to discern why I wanted this. Drive more
urgency. Drive more conversions. All
right, look at that. Promotional timer
banner. $2,500 off complete backyard

[06:02]
banner. $2,500 off complete backyard
packages. That's cool. It definitely
stands out. Let's ask it to do something
else. Maybe I'm not super happy with a
couple of these photos and I want to
swap them out with something else or
with something that's not AI generated
and a real photo of one of my projects.
In this case, I want to show a high-end
project, something very custom and
unique, beautiful, and then I want to
show a more affordable standard project.
So, I'm going to say, all right, let's
take this. I'm going to take this photo
of a very standard project. Replace the
second photo on this site with this
attached one. Perfect. And it even
included that 15-year experience badge.
Now, let's do the Let's see if it'll
replace the hero image.
Now replace the hero image at the top
with this one. This is the more custom
eyegrabbing image. Perfect. Each one of
these photo swaps took about 15 20
seconds. All right. Now I want to see
what this ready agent up here does. So

[07:00]
what this ready agent up here does. So
click on that. Now this is like the
global prompt that the agent created for
me because I might not know how to
prompt this website perfectly. So, what
the ready agent does is takes my caveman
language and turns it into a prompt that
looks to be perfectly prompt engineered,
if you will. Okay, we're going to see
how well this chat agent works. So,
right now, I'm going to interact with it
as if I were a prospective customer
wanting a sport put in my backyard.
I want a sport court quote. I'd be happy
to help. yada yada yada. How soon can
you come quote me? Okay. November 6.
Sure. 3 p.m. on the 6th. Chris Jones
5555.
Okay. Yep. Okay. Awesome. Super fast.
Super simple. Now I got to make sure
that this lead actually appeared. Okay.
There it is.

[08:00]
There it is.
Very cool. I go to appointments.
Chris Jones. There it is. Awesome. Now,
let's try the voice agent feature. So,
I'm going to click the microphone. And
before I do that, this is where we will
set the voice agent prompt. So, we can
customize this as much as we want. We
can say be funny or be strict or be sure
to ask all of them what their budget is.
I'm going to leave it at the default
prompt right here because I don't want
to get too into the weeds. But, this is
fully customizable. So, I'm just going
to trust that the global prompt that it
gives me is good enough for
demonstration purposes. All right. All
right, we got to make sure that my
browser's microphone is enabled. I'm
going to click the microphone.
&gt;&gt; Hi, thanks for reaching out to Backyard
Funhouse. How can I assist you with your
outdoor fun plans today?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Would you like to schedule an
appointment or have question?
&gt;&gt; Carolton, Texas, and I want a swimming
pool quote maybe next Thursday or so.
&gt;&gt; Great choice. We can definitely help
with a swimming pool quote. Just to
confirm, you mentioned next Thursday.
Could you please provide your full name
and phone number so I can check

[09:00]
and phone number so I can check
availability and offer you some
appointment time options for that day?
&gt;&gt; Chris Peterson, my number is 5557327723.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Chris Peterson. Just to confirm
your phone number, you said 5557327723,
right? And you want to book a swimming
pool quote appointment next Thursday.
Let me check the available time slots
for that day. One moment, please.
&gt;&gt; Bingo. Next Thursday is November 13th,
but I see we have availability on
Monday, November 11th from 9:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. Would you like to book your
swimming pool quote appointment then, or
would you prefer another day?
&gt;&gt; That day is perfect. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Great. What time on Monday, November
11th works best for you? We have
openings throughout the day from 9:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
&gt;&gt; How about 9:03 in the morning?
&gt;&gt; Thanks for that. Just to confirm, you
want to book your swimming pool quote
appointment on Monday, November 11th at
9:03 a.m., right? Can you please confirm
your full phone number again before I
finalize the booking? Yes, that is
correct. And my phone number is
555732-7723.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Chris. I've booked your swimming
pool quote appointment for Monday,
November 11th at 9:03 a.m. Is there

[10:01]
November 11th at 9:03 a.m. Is there
anything else I can help you with today?
&gt;&gt; That's it. Good to go.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for calling Backyard Funhouse. If
you have any other needs, feel free to
contact us anytime. Have a great day.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. All right. I'm super pleased by
how low latency that was. There wasn't
really a pause or a delay of any sort.
And that makes sense because it's the
prompt is preloaded in there and people
are asking kind of the same things over
and over. But that's one of the shortest
delays I've ever seen in any voice
agent. Let's go make sure that it booked
that appointment. We'll click here.
Appointments. We've got Chris Peterson.
Chris Jones. There's the phone number.
There's the time. 9:03 to 10:03. And it
even says swimming pool quote. I love
it. Okay, so the desktop version looks
great, but we all know that about
twothirds of website visitors are
looking at their phone. So, let's look
at the mobile version of this site. All
right. I like how it shrinks down the
timer. Looks good.
Buttons look good. I could remove some
of the padding there if I wanted. Looks
good. I love it. Mobile version looks
great. Here's what I love about AI

[11:01]
great. Here's what I love about AI
website builders like Ready. Your speed
of testing just increased by 10x. Just a
few years ago, we'd have to spend hours
making very similar versions of the same
landing page to see which one converts
better. But with Ready, you can just
copy and paste them all. You can host
them on different landing pages. It
speeds up the learning process so you
can speed up your earning process. So if
I were trying to launch a digital
product, a training course, a physical
product, I would just publish a simple
site first and then measure how much
interest I get across different
variations of those sites. And then
whichever one looks the most promising,
I can go all in on that one. All in all,
I'm stoked with Ready. Check outdy.ai
AI if you want to build an awesome
website with just a couple prompts for
very very little money. Now, what I love
about AI tools like Ready is that you
don't need to have a website or have a
business to use this. You could start
your own website agency. And I talk
about that in a few other videos. We'll
link those below. So, I don't want to go
too deeply into it. But not too long
ago, you could charge thousands of

[12:00]
ago, you could charge thousands of
dollars to build websites like these. In
fact, today you still can because the
vast majority of people out there,
especially the types of people that own
home service businesses, don't know that
you can build beautiful, gorgeous
websites or copy and paste other
companies beautiful, gorgeous websites
with just a prompt. They don't know,
right? So, you shouldn't charge for the
amount of time it takes you or for the
amount of effort it takes you. You need
to charge for the level of value that
you create. And how valuable is a highly
converting, highly optimized website to
a business owner? It could be the
difference between getting 10 $50,000
leads a month or 13 $50,000 leads a
month. It could be worth millions of
dollars a year. So, you need to charge
based on what that value is. But if you
charge too much, then they're going to
leave you or they're not going to say
yes and you won't close enough deals.
So, use all of this cold outreach to
business owners as an opportunity to ABC
test your pricing. One flat fee to one
guy, 100 bucks a month to another guy, a
combo of both to a third guy. Test it
until you find the sweet spot of what

[13:00]
until you find the sweet spot of what
the market is willing to pay. If you
look at their integrations, you can
integrate with Stripe so you can charge
directly on the website, Calendarly to
set up appointments, Google Analytics to
see what your traffic is, or even
Shopify so you can sell physical and or
digital products. So, if this video was
helpful, you can use my ready link. I'll
get a little kickback if you use that
below. Go copy paste some websites
already, either for yourself or for
other businesses. We'll see you next
time on the Kerner