[00:00]
Okay, one of my most popular episodes
ever was this one right here where
within 56 minutes I went and started a
business and found a customer. But it's
been a few months and the voice agents
have only gotten better. And I want to
do it again, but with a twist. I want to
do it in a different industry that sells
an even more expensive product. And I
want to see if the business owner will
test the voice agent themselves. Because
once they call their own business and
see that AI is answering questions on
behalf of them, I think that they will
be much more likely to pay me hundreds
or thousands of dollars per month for
this exact service. And I want to show
you just how easy it is to find the
customers and to build the thing. So,
let's freaking go.
All right. First thing I'm going to do
is go to outscraper and I'm going to
look for roofers. Why roofers? Well,
they tend to be more techsavvy. We want
to fish where the fish are. Roofers are
used to paying other agencies hundreds
to thousands of dollars a month for
stuff like this, especially if it can
help them get more jobs. Last time we
did garage door repair owners, which is
great, but this is much higher ticket

[01:01]
great, but this is much higher ticket
and much more advanced of an industry.
So, we're going to do something a little
tricky here. We're going to go roofing
contractor, but then Google also has
subcategories that roofers mistakenly
list themselves in when they first
register their business without knowing
better. These are categories that other
dirty marketers like myself are not
targeting. They're only targeting the
most common ones. So, we'll probably
have much less competition in this
category, roofing service. Now, if you
look how out scraper works, it lists all
of the Google business profile
categories from most to least popular.
So, number one, doctor, dentist,
insurance, attorney, real estate. Makes
sense. If you scroll way, way down, and
there's thousands of these, thousands of
categories. You've got Norwegian
restaurant, dance restaurant, recycling
container location. You get the idea. So
when I start typing in the word roof,
roofing supply store is number two,
waterproofing,
auto sunroof shop, and roofing service.
So this is even less common than auto
sunroof shop, which I love. There might

[02:01]
sunroof shop, which I love. There might
only be 200 roofing companies per state
that mistakenly listed in this category,
but it's something. Okay, now I want to
text people that are close to me
geographically. I live in the Dallas
Fort Worth area. I want to be able to
honestly tell them that I am near them.
I'm one of them. I'm a local. If they
want to meet me in person and shake my
hand, that is possible. This stuff goes
a long way in helping your close rate go
up up. So, I'm going to go Dallas. I'll
do all the zip codes. We'll do Fort
Worth, all the zip codes. And then let's
go Plano and Frisco.
Those are basically four of the biggest
cities in the metroplex. McKini,
Richardson, they're both up there, too.
Now, I want to cap the results because I
don't want this to take forever and I
don't want to spend a bunch of money.
So, I don't need to change anything with
these lead gen packs, enrichments, etc.
But I do want phone numbers. So, I'm
going to go to advanced parameters, and
I'm going to check with phone. It has to
have a phone number. Get data. All

[03:02]
have a phone number. Get data. All
right. It's going to cost me between a
buck 50 and 10 bucks. Oh, I forgot to
show you my watch. So, you're just going
to have to see it upside down. It's 9:23
and I started this video about 5 minutes
ago. So, let's say 9:20. I started this
at 9:20. We're going to go to tasks. All
right, it's running. While it's running,
let's make good use of our time and
let's create a voice agent in GoHigh
level. Okay, so I log into GoHigh Level
and then I'm going to go into one of my
sub accounts. I'll pick this one and
then I'm going to click on AI agents.
Create your first AI voice agent. I'm
going to build one from scratch because
it's quite easy. I'm going to name it
roofers one TK owners LLC voice. Let's
listen to Jessica.
&gt;&gt; Hey worldly 11 Labs friends. Let's talk.
Let's have a conversation about
anything. My name's Jessica and I'm
looking forward to chatting with you.
&gt;&gt; Not bad. Not bad. How about Christopher?
Christopher is probably a good one.
&gt;&gt; Chris Maguire here from Chicago. I turn

[04:00]
&gt;&gt; Chris Maguire here from Chicago. I turn
complex ideas into
&gt;&gt; No, he sounds like he's from Chicago.
&gt;&gt; Sharing kindness is like
&gt;&gt; No. Nope.
&gt;&gt; Um, okay. So, this might sound silly,
but I just got this weird
&gt;&gt; Oh, that one sounds real.
&gt;&gt; Here's my super conversational Scottish
voice.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no Scottish voices. We're going to
go hope. Hope gives me hope. I like the
sound of that. Very conversational. Time
zone is central. GPT40.
2 cents per minute with 40. Yeah, if
it's recommended, I'll go with that. All
right. So, here's the tricky thing. I'm
not going to send the roofer the link or
the phone number to this AI voice agent
until I have a roofer say yes because I
want it to be customized and
personalized to them and their business
and their business name, location, etc.
That's what's going to make their minds
explode. So, right now I'm just going to
say,
"Hey, you have reached Greg's roofing.
How can I help you today?" Okay? But
then when I get someone to say yes, then
I'm going to plug in their personal
info. Now, I could do this in a less

[05:00]
info. Now, I could do this in a less
personalized way. I could just create a
generic roofing voice agent and send the
number to people, but it's just not
going to pop as much. It's not going to
wow them as much. Now, you can also go
into advanced settings and set some
parameters so you don't accidentally get
charged too much. Like what if the
person on the other end of the phone
never hangs up for some reason and you
have an 8 hour call that cost you a 100
bucks. So, we could do a max call time,
idle time, reminder frequency, agent
behavior. We want the response speed to
be fast. LLM temperature, just leave
that at zero. Don't even worry about it.
Voice settings, voice speed, voice
temperature. I'm going to leave all of
that as just the default settings. Okay.
Now, high level still needs a knowledge
base. The app, the voice agent needs
something to work from. What does it
talk about? How does it answer
questions? So, we're not going to spend
two hours thinking up all the FAQs,
scraping them from websites. We're just
going to ask Chad GBT. Okay. So, I'm
going to chat GBT and I'm going to say,
"Here's my prompt. I'm creating a simple

[06:00]
"Here's my prompt. I'm creating a simple
AI voice agent within High Level to sell
to roofing businesses. Create a
knowledge base based on everything you
know about the roofing business.
Basically, a ton of FAQs you can answer.
Most questions will revolve around
getting a quote and setting up an
appointment for an inspection. I want to
be able to easily swap out the name and
location of the roofing business, so
make that part of the knowledge base
easy to find and access. And then I'm
going to say,
if this prompt isn't good enough to
create this knowledge base, then just
return the perfect prompt to provide you
to get this knowledge base. Okay. So,
I'm asking it how to ask it in a better
way. All right. So, clearly my prompt
wasn't good enough cuz it's now giving
me the perfect prompt. I'm not going to
read all of this cuz it's a lot, but
it's giving me the structure, the
customization section, the format, the
goal, roof leak repairs, insurance
claims, emergency calls. If you paste
that next, I'll generate the entire AI
ready roofing knowledge base structured
for highle voice agent use. I'll I'll
include this in the show notes so you
guys can use this. Save you some time.

[07:00]
guys can use this. Save you some time.
All right. So now I'm just going to copy
this prompt
and I'm going to try two things. I'm
going to paste this prompt in this
window and then I'm going to open it a
new window and paste it there as well
and see if the output is different.
Okay. So here's the output when I asked
it to give me the prompt. This one. And
then here's the output when I just
pasted the prompt in a brand new chat
window. This is so cool. They look about
the same, honestly. So, I'll just go
with this one. So, it puts these custom
variables in brackets here. So, I can
swap these out with whatever roofing
customer decides to respond to me. And
then the agent will swap them out here
within the actual knowledge base. So,
I'm going to copy that. We'll go back to
the voice agent. Create new. Create
knowledge base
roofing one. Create. So, this is
awesome. I honestly didn't know I could
do this. You could just add a
webcrawler. You could add a link. Like,

[08:00]
webcrawler. You could add a link. Like,
I could just add a link to the FAQ's
page on the roofing company's website,
which would actually be a lot easier
than what I just showed you. So, add
source file upload. So, I'm just going
to do rich text. Boom. There's the
variables. It allows up to 25,000
characters. I have 7600
caller roofing one. Now remember, the
more characters you put in your
knowledge base, the more tokens you will
spend because it's more work that the
LLM that the agent has to do. This is
not money that High Level's charging
you. This is money that OpenAI/Chat GPT
is charging high level. Therefore,
they're passing it on to you. So, it's
important that the knowledge base is
thorough enough to get the job done, but
we don't want to put more in there than
necessary, or else we'll spend more
money than necessary. And right now,
it's not that critical because I'm just
using this for example purposes. But if
I were to actually get, or should I say
when I actually get a roofing customer

[09:02]
when I actually get a roofing customer
to buy this from me, it will matter very
much because he's going to be taking
calls with this voice agent on a regular
basis and I'm going to be passing on
those costs. Okay, my knowledge base is
done. Okay, so I've connected the
knowledge base. The agent is active
24/7. That's the default. We'll leave it
there. We want to have a number that is
local to DFW. Okay. So, choosing your
phone number is a very important part of
this because we want to choose a phone
number that is local to the area that we
are marketing in. So, 469 is an area
code that's local to Dallas Fort Worth.
We're going to use this number here.
We're going to set the default for the
agent to work 24/7
and then let's test it.
Take my phone off. Do not disturb.
All right, let's see if this works.
There it is. HL for high level. I
already have this number saved.
&gt;&gt; Hey, you have reached Greg's roofing.

[10:01]
&gt;&gt; Hey, you have reached Greg's roofing.
How can I help you today?
&gt;&gt; Yes, I need a quote in my house. I think
I might have some hail damage. Got it.
We can definitely help with that. The
best way to get an accurate quote is to
schedule a free roof inspection. Our
specialist will check for hail damage
and provide a written estimate on the
spot. Would you prefer a morning or
afternoon appointment?
&gt;&gt; Let's do 3:30 in the afternoon on
November 29th.
&gt;&gt; All right. Let me confirm that for you.
You're looking for an appointment at
3:30 p.m. on Wednesday, November 29th.
Correct?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. You're all set for a free roof
inspection at 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
November 29th. We'll confirm the exact
arrival time closer to the date.
Anything else you'd like to go over?
&gt;&gt; Where are you guys located?
&gt;&gt; We're based in Dallas, Texas, and we
serve the entire Dallas Fort Worth area.
Let me know if you need anything else.
&gt;&gt; How long have you been in business?
&gt;&gt; We've been serving Dallas Fort Worth
homeowners for years with trusted,
highquality roofing work.
&gt;&gt; What's the name of the experience in the
company is called Kerner Roofing, but I

[11:01]
company is called Kerner Roofing, but I
don't have the owner's name on hand. If
you'd like, I can connect you with
someone who can provide more details.
&gt;&gt; All right, I'm good. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; All right, pretty dang good. Remember on
my knowledge base, I hadn't like
customized it with location and all
that. It said Dallas. I'm not sure why.
It might have been in the knowledge
base, but works great. Then you can even
rate the call to fine-tune your AI right
here. So, I'm going to give it a thumbs
up. There's the transcript. Very cool.
There's the recording. And just like
that, it's saved. Okay. Look, if you
look at the variables here, chat GPT
called it kerner roofing. I didn't
notice that, but that's pretty cool. All
right, let's go check on our scraped
leads. There we go. It's all done. We're
at 9:47 so far. We're 27 minutes into
this. We already have a voice agent. We
already have our leads. We're going to
click on the green button to open up
these leads in Google Sheets because who
uses Excel anymore? I mean, come on. All
right. Now, here we are. First thing we
want to do, highlight all of them by
clicking this button in the top left.

[12:01]
clicking this button in the top left.
Data data cleanup. Remove duplicates. We
do not want duplicate phone numbers.
Okay. So, we're going to click column H.
That's where the phone numbers are.
Remove duplicates.
23 found and removed. All right. 978
leads left. Now, the next thing we want
to do is we want to filter this. We'll
highlight all of them, click the filter
button, and we only want mobile phones.
No toll-free, no landline, no unknown,
no VOIP,
only mobile phones. All right. So now we
only have cell phones and we only have
non-duplicates. So these are all unique
roofing companies in Dallas, Frisco,
Plano, and Fort Worth. There's 431 left,
which is awesome. Now, here's what I'm
going to do. I'm going to remove I'm
going to do control find. You click the
three dots. I'm going to do space LLC.
I'm going to remove all of the names
that have space LLC in them. 95 of them
did. Basically, a quarter of them. That

[13:01]
did. Basically, a quarter of them. That
way, it looks a lot more professional.
Look, ll that's still there. yada yada
yada. So, we'll just fix that one
manually.
Okay,
I'm going to rename that to first name.
And then I'm going to fill in all of the
city names if they're not there. So, I
want this to look personalized.
So, if for whatever reason their
business does not have a city name
listed on their Google business profile,
which is where we scrape these from, I'm
going to fill it in with DFW because
that's going to be
another variable. And this will make
sense why I'm calling these first name
and last name here in a minute. Delete
all of those columns that are
unnecessary. All right, first name is
the name of the business. Last name is
the city they're in. And then phone
number. We're going to duplicate this
again. I don't want to text 431 of them.
That's too many to text. I'm going to
only text a 100 of them. We'll see if
that does anything. That should keep me
pretty busy. So, to text 100 of them, I

[14:02]
pretty busy. So, to text 100 of them, I
always like to do this little trick
here. I want to randomize the list. I
don't want to accidentally text only the
100 people that are in Dallas. Like, if
I just removed everything after 101
here, then I would only text people in
these cities. And that's not a pure
study. It's not a pure sample size,
right? So, I'm going to perfectly
randomize it by doing the formula equals
rand open and then close parenthesis.
And then I'm going to sort it. Sort it
any way you want. Doesn't matter. And
then I'm going to delete everything
after 101. Also, this was edited out,
but I had a ton of issues formatting the
spreadsheets. Our uh time-sensitive
experiment here has been somewhat
delayed by stupid Microsoft Excel. Okay,
we have 100 leads here. They're
perfectly randomized. We know the name
of the business. If we wanted to make
that proper and not all caps, we could,
but we're not going to worry about it.
Then we're going to download that as a
CSV file. And then we're going to go to
this texting software. By the way, if

[15:00]
this texting software. By the way, if
you guys are loving this so far, which I
hope you are, you need to check out
playmakersai.com.
That's my business. That's my community.
I'm in there every week. And it's a
little different from TK owners because
it's only for people that are starting
an AI implementation or automation
business from scratch. or you could just
call it AI consulting. I genuinely think
that is the biggest opportunity right
now is to help small businesses
implement AI and to get paid thousands
of dollars a month for it. So check out
playmakersai.com
and we'd love to have you join our
community. All right. Well, that sucks.
It's been a few days since I filmed what
you just watched and my computer stopped
recording my screen right then, right
when I was ready to start using the
texting software. So, I'm going to
recreate that as best as I can so you
can still see how to do this. Okay.
Okay, I'm going to open Straight Text.
That is my go-to texting app here. It's
a little interesting. It works with
Androids as well, but it probably works
best with iPhones and MacBooks. It will
sync your iPhone to your MacBook. It
will send them from both iMessage on
your MacBook and on your phone. And

[16:00]
your MacBook and on your phone. And
you'll see in real time the messages
getting sent out. Okay. So, I'm going to
click new broadcast. And I'm going to go
to upload CSV file, choose file, roofing
contractor tasks. 100 valid recipients
found. And now I'm going to type my
message to them. I'm going to say, "Good
morning.
Do you still own?" And then insert first
name here in insert last name cuz
remember their quote unquote first name
is their business name and their quote
unquote last name is their city name.
And then I'm going to put dash Chris so
they can see this is coming from a real
person. We're going to click save and
then we're going to click start sending.
And look right here. It looks like my
custom variable import worked. That's
the name of the business right there.
And that's the name of the city. And
then I'm just going to click send all.
And then it's going to take about 7 to 8
minutes for all of these to send. And I
can see on my phone that they are

[17:00]
can see on my phone that they are
sending successfully. It pulled in the
business name. And it's going to send
like one every 5 seconds. So, I'm going
to see here in a second if it's pulling
in the business name and the city name.
Wow. Where and how I need it to. Okay,
looks like it works. So, if you look at
my phone here, you can see that these
texts are being sent from my phone. No
responses just yet. 10:04. We've been
out this for 46 minutes. Personalizing
the text messages is done for two
specific reasons. Number one, our
response rate will be higher because it
will look more personalized. Number two,
our phone won't flag us for sending the
same message to too many people all at
once. Every message will be unique. All
right, first response, who's this? I
told them who I am and where I live.
Second response said yes. Now, keep in
mind it goes both ways. There is a
trade-off when reaching out to roofers
because everyone wants to reach out to
roofers. So, it will be more
competitive. The question is, is the
additional competition worth still going

[18:01]
additional competition worth still going
after this industry? And the answer to
that is it depends. How much are roofers
in your area getting beat up by
marketers? You won't know until you try.
You don't have to start with roofing.
This is just for the purposes of this
video. There's over a thousand different
home service verticals or local business
verticals. Roofing is just one of them.
If I were you, I would take exactly what
I'm doing and do it across three to five
different industries. Keep track of
every single response. What your
response rates are, what the sentiment
is like. Are people mad? Are they saying
mean things or are they generally nice?
Do they not have any money? And then
whatever industry seems to show the most
promise, just go there. Okay. And we are
done. Four of them failed for some
reason. They were probably bad phone
numbers. Now, let's see how many
responses I got. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.
Okay. Nine out of 100, which is not
great. And I think I know why. I think
that my approach should have been less
personalized in this case. I should have

[19:01]
personalized in this case. I should have
said something like, "Hey, do you
inspect roofs dash Chris?" That's it.
Because that would have sounded more
like a potential customer, whereas I
definitely sound like a marketer here.
If I had their first name, which you can
get from outscraper, but it takes a
little more time and I didn't take the
time to do it. If I had their first
name, I would have had a much better
response rate. Oh, there's 10 10%
response rate. Now, for email, this is
incredible. For text, this is pretty
low, but we're going to work with what
we've got. All right, here's what I'm
saying. Awesome. I know this is random,
but I created an AI voice agent for your
business. It'll help you quote more jobs
and never miss a call. Can I just have
it call you real fast so you can see how
well it works? You don't need to pay me
for it. It's literally customuilt for
your biz. I'm here in DFW as well. So,
if I can get him to use this for free,
then I can get him to pay me for
something else. Right now, before I have
zero yeses, zero customers, I need to do
whatever I can do just to get them to
pay attention to me. And so, yes, I'm
telling them it's free because this can
be free. It will be free. It could be
free for 100 calls a month, free for 10
calls a month, free for this, but paid

[20:02]
calls a month, free for this, but paid
for something even more custom. I just
want to get them to respond and to try
it. Okay, my response rate is up up to
13% by now. All right, here we go. Even
though I'm just texting, it still makes
me a little nervous. I'm not going to
lie. There's three, four, five. One of
these guys is a little angry, so uh I'm
not going to give him the pitch. All
right, I just got an idea. I just got an
idea. is a little risky, but I kind of
just want to have the AI voice agent
call all of these guys proactively and
then I will follow up with them whether
they text me back or not and say, "Hey,
that call you got, I built that." Oh
man, is it devious? Is it genius? Yes to
both, maybe. But I think it might just
work. And guys, you got to believe in
what you're doing here, okay? You got to
actually believe that what you're
offering them will help them. It'll help
them make more money or save more money.
It'll help them in their lives. and I
do. So, I'm going into the knowledge
base for the agent and I'm changing the

[21:00]
base for the agent and I'm changing the
name to Example Roofing Company and then
I'll be able to see in the transcript
the conversations that these guys had
with it. Okay. Okay. Thanks for reaching
out. Before we schedule a call, could
you please share your company name,
website, and a bit more information
about your AI voice agent? I'd like to
review your business first. Hey, okay,
I'll take it. By the way, guys, I
actually do do this as a business. So, I
am actually looking for customers right
now and also making a video at the same
time. All right, I said no problem at
all. My business is repeated.
Repeatles.com. My name is Chris Kerner.
You can Google my name. Now, I'm going
to take it a step further. 0843. And I'm
going to go here. I'm going to find this
phone number. 0843.
There it is. Creation roofing and
foundation. And I'm going to send him a
little call. I know you're busy, but the
AI voice agent will call you from a 469
number if you'd like to see how it
works. It's 100% AI, not me. Also, I'm
not a woman. All right, he didn't
answer, but I'm going to do it one more
time, and I'm going to swap it out with
his business. I'm going to try one more

[22:01]
his business. I'm going to try one more
time. Fortune favors the bold, I guess.
I actually put his real business name in
here this time. Guys, let me just recap.
I texted a hundred people and I got two
warm leads. Well, news flash, guys,
update. I got another lead, aka my warm
lead rate went up by 50%. From two to
three. Let me show you what he said.
There it is. He said, "Not today, next
week." Okay. Boom. So, in case you're
not counting, 96 text messages were
delivered. Four failed. Of those 96, 15
have responded to me so far. Of those
15, three of them are leads, warm leads.
They already know what I do and they've
shown interest in it. That's huge. That
means 20% 3 out of 15 20% of the people
that actually know why I'm texting them
cuz the other 82 people or whatever
don't know why I'm texting them yet. 20%
are interested in what I'm doing. That
is insane, guys. That's massive. Could I
close one of those three? Absolutely.
Two? Maybe. Three? Probably not. We are
in business here. One of them said,
"Hey, would love to hop on a call, but

[23:01]
"Hey, would love to hop on a call, but
just share your name first. I need more
information about you." The next one
said, "Not today, next week." And guess
what? It's 10:29. I've been doing this
for an hour and 9 minutes. My response
rate is already 15%. That's probably
going to double because usually my
response rate in the first hour is half
of the response rate I get once it's all
said and done. So, call it a 30%
response rate. Not bad at all. If we can
extrapolate that out, I'm going to have
4% of these become leads. And this isn't
even optimized. I could have done this a
lot better. Just imagine how many of
those remaining 96 phone numbers would
become leads if I proactively sent them
a call from the AI Voice agent, whether
they respond to me or not. So, if you're
watching this and you're discouraged,
thinking, "Oh, only 2% are leads, and of
those, maybe you'll only close one."
Yeah. Cuz if this is $1,000 a month,
then I just know I need to text a,000
people to make $10,000 a month or 10,000
people to make $100,000 a month. This is
awesome. Now we know how the math breaks
down. If I didn't have all these tech

[24:01]
down. If I didn't have all these tech
issues, I could have gotten these leads
in about 45 minutes flat. So, what are
you waiting for? Please use my GoHigh
Level affiliate link. They give me a
little kickback if you use them. I use
High Level every day. I have multiple of
my businesses built on it. I can't say
enough good things about it. You can
build this entire platform on top of
GoHigh Level. You can even send out
these text messages through Go High
Level. And again, if you guys become AI
consultants, if you want to ride this
massive title wave called implementing
AI into small businesses, then check out
playmakersai.com.
We'll see you next time on the Kerner