[00:00]
It is so hard to keep up with all the
new vibe coding tools out there. But I
keep hearing about Bolt.news V2, the new
version of Bolt that people are using to
build and ship real money-making apps.
And also, Bolt.new got married, got
married to Claude Code. Claude might be
my favorite LLM. And Bolt.NE just
brought Claude Code into the browser so
they can work hand in hand. I wanted to
see if the hype around Bolt.NES V2 was
real. So, I thought, hey, let's hit
record and build something real fast.
And what am I going to build? Well, you
know, I'm always launching, starting new
businesses, and I got to get the word
out about these businesses. Sometimes I
use paid ads, and sometimes I use PR,
but does PR actually work? Can I
automate PR? What if I could get an AI
agent that I vibe code myself to go out
there and tell the whole world that I am
now open for business? So, let's do it.
Let's build a tool on Bolt.new using V2
that is basically a PR outreach robot
agent. If this works for me, it'll work
for all of you as well. And if it works

[01:00]
for all of you as well. And if it works
for me, it's going to save me thousands
of dollars on paid ads. So, what do I
have to lose?
I'm going to ask this app to find
relevant publicists and journalists in
any industry. I'm going to have it write
personalized pitched emails for me that
are kind of funny and quirky and don't
sound like spam. Remember, that's how I
got Buckyy's attention. I'm going to
have them send these emails
automatically while I sleep. And then
I'm going to have it track the sending
of these emails. how many are being
opened, clicked, and replied to.
Basically, I'm about to hire a PR person
that only charges about 20, 30, 40 bucks
a month. All right, without further ado,
we're going to go to bolt.new. We've got
V2. Here's my prompt. Build me a PR
outreach automation app. I need a
dashboard where I can input my company
info and campaign details. The app
should find relevant journalists,
generate personalized pitch emails using
AI, send them automatically, and track
opens and responses. All right, Bolt is
off to the races. Okay, here's what it
spit out. I don't hate it. I don't hate
it at all. It fully executed my plan. It

[02:01]
it at all. It fully executed my plan. It
looks solid, but we're not done. We've
got to connect it to some other tools so
it can go out and do research on behalf
of me. So, I'm going to say connect to
OpenAI so it can analyze what
journalists write about in this niche
and generate personalized pitches that
match their style. And this is a great
case study. Now, I know what it needs to
connect to OpenAI, but you might not
know. And so instead of having to know,
just tell it what to do and then it's
going to tell you what to do in order to
get to that final end goal. Okay. So I'm
going to navigate over here to the
OpenAI API platform. Just Google it. You
can use your normal Chad GPT login
credentials for this and I'm going to go
to quick start. Create an API key. You
can see I already have some for other
platforms. And I'm going to call it bolt
new all permissions. Done. There it is.
Let's go back to Bolt. Okay. I did not
know that Bolt.NE could do this. It
looks like it has its own OpenAI
package. And I can just use Bolt's API.

[03:02]
package. And I can just use Bolt's API.
So, I don't even need to go through the
the friction of getting my own API key.
Although, it was very easy. I just
showed you how to do it. Most platforms
don't do this. But, it's kind of nice. I
assume if I didn't want it to use GPT4,
I could ask it to use something
different. But, man, this is incredible.
But now we of course have to start
sending and tracking emails. That's a
core function of this. So instead of
telling it what to do, I'm going to ask
it what I should do next.
So I said, "Okay, cool. How can I start
sending them emails?" Looks like it's
going to use resend or send grid. It's
going to be interesting to see if it has
a package like it does with OpenAI or if
I'm going to have to go get the API key
myself. Okay, looks like I have to get
my own API keys from resend. Thankfully,
I already have a resend account. Boom.
Copied. So, now I have to add it to my
Bolt database project. So, you click the
little gear icon. You click Bolt
database secrets.

[04:01]
database secrets.
Create secret
resend_API
key. There's my key. Cool.
So, I'll let it know that it's been
added. Okay. Okay, the resend API key
has been added.
Okay, so it says it's ready. Usually
that means it's not quite ready, but
we're going to give it a test.
So, I tried adding the company info as
requested, but it will not save it. So,
things break sometimes. If I wanted to
edit this part out and make it all look
perfectly, I would. But I want this to
be real. Okay. So, I'm going to log in
to my own software. It was not connected
to Supabase yet, which is just a
database provider. So, let's see if it
lets me add company info now.
Cool. Done. Awesome. Click new campaign.
Call a journalist one. I'll make it kind
of cheeky. The Kerner Office is the best
business podcast in the world and
everyone needs to know it. That's the

[05:00]
everyone needs to know it. That's the
angle of my pitch. Key messages. Main
points you want to communicate.
Keep the pitch short, simple, and funny.
target publications, anything business.
Now, because of the fact that this is
AI, we can talk to it normally. We don't
have to like choose a specific industry
or publication like Techrunch or CNN.
We're just going to talk to it. Okay,
quick break to tell you about something
completely insane that I'm doing next
summer. I am challenging myself to start
50 businesses in 50 states in 50 days.
Yes, that's a new business in every
state, and I'm documenting the whole
thing. the wins, the failures, and the
whole chaos of just trying to validate
50 different ideas in 50 different
states. Canoe rentals, pop-up bakeries,
power washing, drone roof inspection,
who knows? And if they end up becoming
legit businesses, I'm going to need to
secure the domains immediately. After
starting 80 plus businesses, I've
learned that you can have the perfect
idea, the perfect market, the perfect
timing, but if someone beats you to the

[06:01]
timing, but if someone beats you to the
perfect domain name, you're already
playing catch-up. You're going to lose
momentum if you have to settle for
businessname 20225.com or some other
clunky variation. Online domain names
are where smart builders are moving
right now. So while everyone's fighting
over scraps in the.com graveyardonline
gives you exactly what you want, clean,
professional, memorable. Did you know
that the word online gets searched over
500 million times per month? That's not
just a domain extension. That's builtin
credibility. And right now, my listeners
can use code kerner to get theironline
domain at only 99 cents for the first
year at get.online. So stop overthinking
it and check outonline today before your
perfect domain is taken by someone else.
So we've created a campaign. Add
journalist to your database or import
from a list. We go to journalist. Add
journalist. Well, I don't want to add a
journalist. I want it to go out and find
its own journalist. go out and scrape 20

[07:01]
its own journalist. go out and scrape 20
business journalists
and add them
to my jour
go out and scrape 20 business
journalists and add them to my
journalist section. They must have name
and email. Okay, so I understand it
doesn't want to go out and scrape them
due to privacy reasons, but I do have
another video where I show you exactly
how to scrape this stuff. So, let's
pretend that I just did that. Let's get
some emails. But first, I need it to
allow me to bulk upload a CSV of
journalist.
So, I said, allow me to click a button
in the journalist section that lets me
upload a CSV with three columns, first
name, last name, and email address. Now,
let's start making that CSV. I'm going
to type in sheets new. I'm gonna go
first name, last name,
email address, and I'm just going to put
in some of my own email addresses. And

[08:00]
in some of my own email addresses. And
I'll change my name so I know that these
emails I'm getting are unique. So, we
got Chris, we got CK, we got CP, and
then CC. And I have four different
emails and four different names. And
then I'm just going to click download
CSV. We'll go back here to Bolt. Go back
here. Boom. Upload CSV in green. I like
it. Color of Excel. I'm going to add
this. There it is. That took like a
millisecond. Very cool. All right, we've
got journalist. Let's go back to our
instructions. Generate personalized
pitches using AI and send them
automatically. We go to pitches. So,
another roadblock. My one campaign that
I created is not appearing in the drop
down on the pitches tab. And I want to
be able to select all on the journalist
dropdown on the pitches tab because who
wants to email one at a time? So, one
thing is broken and one thing is not
optimized. So, we got to get these
fixed. Oh, so nothing was broken. It was
just automatically set to only show
active campaigns. And if you look here,

[09:00]
active campaigns. And if you look here,
it's paused right now. It's not active.
So, I needed to have clicked that green
triangle first. So, there it is now. And
then select all journalists. Generate
pitches for all four. Let's see what
it's got. So, this button really should
say generate and send pitches for all
four because I think with that one
click, it automatically sent them. As
you can see right here, we'll generate
and send pitches to all four
journalists. Let's click the play button
on that cuz I don't think it will work
until I click that. So, select all
journalists, generate pitches. Nothing's
happening when I click the button. So,
I'm going to let it know. I love
screenshotting stuff and just dragging
it over there. It helps a lot. I mean,
helps me. I don't know how much of a
difference it makes, but it feels like I
can get what I need in fewer prompts
when I do that. There it is. I just said
nothing happens when I click this. Okay,
so basically what Bolt said is that this
select all journalist checkbox is not
talking to the blue button. So,

[10:02]
talking to the blue button. So,
basically from the get-go, this software
was not expecting to have to send bulk
emails, but it's a no-brainer. Okay, it
says it's fixed. This button will now
work properly. We go to campaigns. It's
still active. Go to journalists. They're
still there. Boom. Boom. Select all
journalists. Generate pitches.
Generating pitch 1 2 3 4. Failed to
generate pitches. Please check your
configuration screenshot. This happened
after I clicked that button.
It seemed to work at first, but then
didn't. If we go to analytics, we'll
show that nothing is happening. All
right, says it should be working now.
Boom. Successfully generated and saved
four pitches as drafts using fallback
templates. Configure API key for AI
power generation. So, I think what I
have to do is add my API key in here.
So, I'm going to go to secrets and type
in open AI

[11:02]
in open AI
API_key.
Put the key in there. create secret and
let it know I just added my OpenAI API
key to my secrets. Go find it so we
don't use fallbacks. So, it's working
now, but it's not using the OpenAI API
key, which I wanted to. And it
successfully created the drafts, but I
don't know how to to read the drafts.
Okay, so it said that it's working now.
Let's try it again, but I can't read the
drafts yet. Okay, four more drafts, but
I can't read them and I can't send them.
All right, it's adding the ability to
view and send these emails.
Okay, let's try this again. Select all
journalists. Journalist one, two, three,
four. Boom. Created. Let's view it. Hi,
Cece. That was one of the first names.
Subject line: The Ker Office is the best
business podcast in the world. I hope it
finds you well. Following your coverage.
All right. So, the prompt's a little

[12:00]
All right. So, the prompt's a little
wonky, but we can fix that. A little
more prompting to fix the prompting.
Send email now. That's the important
part. Says my resend API key is not
configured to send messages. Looks like
I need a marketing email resend account.
I'll pay for that. Now, will it
automatically update my API key? I don't
know.
So, I'm going to make another one just
to be safe. Go back to my secrets. Okay.
So, I told Bolt, okay, I didn't have the
right resend API to be able to send
emails. That has been fixed and I added
a new API key. Please refresh that so I
can send marketing emails. All right.
So, it says it should now work. Generate
pitches. All right. Let's click send.
Boom.
Let's look at my email. All right. And
look at that.
Uh it's too
uh I don't know if you can see it. I'll
add a screenshot in. Screenshot. Boom.

[13:00]
add a screenshot in. Screenshot. Boom.
Email received. Software works. So with
uh I know 15 20 prompts and reprompts
and in about an hour's time, we
successfully built PR app that will
allow you to upload journalist emails,
write the emails for you, and click send
on all of them at the same time.
Bolt.new is great. Check it out. Share
this with a friend and we'll see you
next time on the Kerner