[00:00]
I'm over here still waiting for a good
reason why you aren't building AI agents
yet. And don't tell me it's too
complicated. You don't know how to do
it. Because that's what this video is
for. I'm going to break it down for you
super simple. And why? Because AI agents
can run entire side hustles for you in
your sleep. Lead generation, customer
onboarding, content distribution, all of
it. And you can do all this in one of
two ways. You can learn what's called
Raspberry Pi. You can set up a little
computer in your closet. And you can try
to learn hardware and software at the
same time. Don't do that. or you can use
a couple very simple tools like one
called Hostinger. I'm going to show you
how to use this simple tool called
Hostinger to build a content
multiplication agent from scratch. And
I'm going to throw in a bunch of real
business ideas that you can use today.
So, let's automate.
First of all, let's talk about what an
AI agent actually is and how it differs
from an automation. So, thanks to tools
like Make and Zapier, we've had
automations for a decade now. And an
automation is like an if this then that

[01:00]
automation is like an if this then that
machine. If I get an email flagged as
important, then text me the subject line
of that email. That's an example of a
simple automation. No AI involved. No
agents are involved. They just follow
the rules exactly as you give them. And
they don't think, adapt, or even
understand what's happening. But an AI
agent is like a digital intern that
understands, that can adapt, that can
make decisions on the fly. It doesn't
need to be told every single rule or
every single step. It just goes. Yes, it
needs good prompting. It needs good
direction, and it might break sometimes,
but it's about four to five steps
further than an automation can ever go.
For example, an AI agent could check
your inbox, read all the emails, figure
out which emails are leads, which emails
are spam, which emails are from your
grandma, and decide what to do next. It
can put the leads in your CRM. It could
add a reminder to your reminders app to
call your grandma. and it can schedule a
meeting for you all without having to
write a single line of code or without
you having to create a simple if this

[02:01]
you having to create a simple if this
then that automation rule. AI agents use
language models like OpenAI, Grock,
Claude, Perplexity and then it has
memory so it can remember old
conversations and then it can also link
up with other tools and goals so it can
better plan and act on behalf of you. So
an automation is like a fixed set of
pipes. They push something from one end
to the other. And an AI agent is like a
flexible brain. It's ever learning and
expanding. So, we're going to talk
specifically about two different tools
and how they work together. Tool number
one is called N8N. This is a tool that
lets you automate tasks between apps
with the help of AI. Kind of like
Zapier, kind of like make, but more AI
native and more complex. It enables you
to do a lot more than with Zapier and
make, but it requires a lot more
knowledge and training. But you have to
host these agents andor automations on
your own server and that can be a little
complex. And so the second tool over
here is called Hostinger. Hostinger is a

[03:01]
here is called Hostinger. Hostinger is a
company that rents out these servers. So
your apps, websites, AI agents,
automations, integrations can all run on
their servers. So you don't have to be
technically advanced to know how to do
this stuff. So, N8N and Hostinger work
hand in hand for the majority of people
out there like me, maybe like you, that
don't know how to code, that don't want
to spend seven hours figuring out how to
set up a Raspberry Pi. So, with
Hostinger, you can rent out a VPS, a
virtual private server, which is
basically like your own little computer
in the cloud. And all it takes is a few
clicks. You take N8N, you install it on
that server just as you install iOS 20
on your latest iPhone. And then once
it's installed, you can log into N8N
through a web browser to create
automations that run even while your
laptop is closed, even while you're
asleep. And remember these agents, these
automations, they can connect to
YouTube, OpenAI, Instagram, any social
platform, any API, basically any piece
of software that has an API, which is

[04:00]
of software that has an API, which is
most legitimate pieces of software. And
I will warn you, this stuff is pretty
addicting. It's pretty fun. Now, beware
of what I call the cloud pricing trap.
So, NAN offers cloud hosting that starts
at 20 bucks a month. But once you have a
half a dozen automations running or even
one automation that's just very active.
Those costs can quickly balloon way past
$100 a month. It all depends on what
your use case is. But NAN itself, not
NadN cloud, is free and it's open source
and so you save a ton of money if you
can host it yourself. That way it's the
same price for 10 agents or 100 agents
with unlimited usage. Kind of a game
changer. All right. So, let's go here
and get some NADN hosting. We're going
to go services, self-hosted NAND. We're
going to choose the KVM2 plan. I'm going
to go ahead and choose 12 months to lock
in those savings. I'm going to make sure
the NAN is checked right here. Go ahead
and type in this discount code.
Boom. Thank you very much. Submit

[05:01]
Boom. Thank you very much. Submit
payment.
We're going to get started.
Server location, Phoenix. That's pretty
close to me. When I get here, I'm going
to type in N8.
Choose that. Make a password here. Click
finish setup. Now it is setting up.
Should take about 5 minutes. Okay,
ready. All right, it's done. We're going
to click manage app. Set up owner
account for NADN.
And we are ready to go. So, if you look
up here on the plus sign, here's where
I'm going to build my workflows, aka my
automations or my agents. Here's where
I'm going to add some credentials, some
passwords, my API keys from other
platforms when I'm trying to get stuff
to talk to each other. And here's where
I go edit my project where all these
automations or agents will live. Now, if
I go into the personal section here and
click on executions, this is basically
showing me the completed tasks that my
agents have already done. It's where I
can see the results of my work. And then

[06:00]
can see the results of my work. And then
down here on the bottom left, I'm going
to click on templates. That opens up
this page right here where I can find
hundreds, if not thousands of pre-built
NAN templates for most anything I would
ever need to do. Look at this.
Autocreate Tik Tok videos with V.IO. AI
avatars 11 Labs and GPT4. Automate
YouTube thumbnail creation and social
publishing with templated.io. And I
don't even know what some of these tools
are. But you can see that it provides
you with a ton of templates so you don't
have to build them from scratch, which
is awesome. But if we really want to
learn, we should probably create some
templates ourselves. So I'm going to
show you exactly how to do that. I'm
going to click on create workflow. All
right. So this is what I call my YouTube
video to LinkedIn post generator. I'm
this to run every day on a schedule and
trigger to run at 6 a.m. every day.
So, I'm going to click on this. Then,
I'm going to click on get many videos.
I've already connected my YouTube
credentials, so that's really easy. I

[07:01]
credentials, so that's really easy. I
don't need to show you that. I picked
the option to get many videos, but I'm
only going to have it return one. Now,
I'm going to put in the ID of my YouTube
channel, which I get from my settings.
This is telling the node where to pull
the videos from. Then, I click execute
step, and it will spit this out right
here on the right. You can see right
there is the ID of the video and that is
the most important thing from this whole
step. Right here I'm going to add the
order which is by date. So that's going
to show me the most recent video which
is what I'm looking for. But remember
I'm not extracting the video. I want to
extract this transcript from this video.
So I'm going to click the plus here and
then click HTTP
request node. This will enable us to
send a request to a website called
YouTube-transcript.io.
This is just a third party tool that
will more easily enable us to get the
transcript from the video. So, I went
ahead and set up an account. And right
here, I'm going to send what's called a

[08:00]
here, I'm going to send what's called a
post request to this website. And I'm
going to check this box to send headers.
I've got to generate my API key from
this website. Copy it. I'm going to call
it authorization. I'm going to paste it
in as the value. And then under the body
field, I'm gonna choose JSON.
Then I'm going to type this in just as
shown. And I'm going to drag and drop
the video ID into this part right here.
You don't need to worry about how the
code works. Just copy this transcript.
Save the work.
And then click execute snip. Oh,
looks like it gave me a little error
here.
Yep. Looks like I just have to put basic
in there.
Now, if you look here on the right side,
you can show it's that it's giving me

[09:00]
you can show it's that it's giving me
the transcript, but it's all split up. I
need to figure out how to combine all
these. So, I'm going to copy that and
paste it up here above.
And you'll see that it
now combines the transcript
successfully. Awesome.
Now I can go ahead and and delete this
bottom half.
I want to be careful to not edit out
these hang-ups and these mistakes
because it's an important part of the
process.
Now I'm going to click this button over
here. Type in open AI message model. I
already have my API key in here. Then
I'm going to add in a system prompt
right there. And I'm going to use GPT5.
You are a helpful, intelligent YouTube

[10:02]
You are a helpful, intelligent YouTube
transcript analyst.
Here's
the full prompt. Analyze this podcast
transcript from the Kerner office.
Extract the three to five most valuable
insights that could resonate on
LinkedIn. Focus on actionable business
advice, compelling stories, and quotable
moments.
Here's the transcript.
Put that under prompt. We're going to
drag that from the left down here.
Now, it's running right here. It's
finding insights. And while it works,
we're going to work on building the
short, medium, and long form LinkedIn
post from this transcript from this
output.
Now, if I wanted this to be even more
robust, I would add like example
LinkedIn posts, more reference data to
pull from. But for the purposes of this
instruction, I'm going to skip that
part. So, I'm just going to name this
one find best points. Then I'm going to
name this next one short post.
Then duplicate it. We're going to write

[11:00]
Then duplicate it. We're going to write
the same system prompt. You are a
helpful intelligent LinkedIn postwriter.
And then this prompt will say, create a
short LinkedIn post under 300
characters, hunchy with strong hook from
the kerner office podcast. And we'll use
GBT5 for this. Again,
so I'm going to put here in the prompt
based on the insights given below
from a recent Kerner office podcast,
make it punchy and actionable.
Use a strong hook that is under 120
characters and on two different lines.
Do not use any emojis or flowery
language. Write in a Spartan tone of
voice.
That helps these LLMs not just go off
the rails.
Right here under prompt, I'm going to
write podcast insights.
And then we're going to duplicate it.

[12:01]
This will be the medium post.
I'm going duplicate it again. This will
be the long post.
And then I'm going to change the
requirement over here just to say medium
length. Change the number of characters
to 800 to 1200.
And then on the long post here,
I'm going to say create a long LinkedIn
post, 1,200 to,500 characters.
So now this is formatted to spit out
three different results based on three
different prompts, short, medium, and
long. Each of these nodes are now
generating a post.
Oh, looks like it got hung up a little
bit.

[13:06]
I have to make sure that on this first
of the last three steps, it's pulling
from this node right here. So, I'm just
going to drag it from the left over here
to the middle.
And then on the long post node,
we're going to do the same thing.
We just have to make sure that each of
these three nodes are pulling from the
right place in the right order.
looking at the three LinkedIn posts that
I generated.
Pretty good. Pretty good.

[14:01]
Yeah, I like all three of these.
This is fully working and functional.
and ready for to use for yourself or to
sell to others. So, think of all the
ways you can monetize this. If you're
watching this, you probably don't have a
podcast. And that's okay. I wouldn't
have made this about a podcast
automation if I didn't think you could
profit from this somehow. You could
charge between $300 and $800 a month per
client. 10 clients equals, call it
$5,000 a month. And that's almost pure
profit. You could charge $2 to $5,000
one time for a setup fee. And before you
know it, you're at $20,000 a month in
revenue. And this is one of thousands of
templates, thousands of automations that
you could build for people. Real estate,
fitness, restaurants, healthcare,
podcast, creators, doesn't matter. Start
building some templates for yourself.
Then start building them for friends for
free. Then start asking if they will pay
you to build more agents for them to
solve more problems for them. You will
have competition doing this, but most of
them are not using these AI tools yet.

[15:01]
them are not using these AI tools yet.
So you were able to charge less for as
good, if not better service. Your first
client is your case study and helps you
get your next three clients. After five
or 10 clients, you can hire a virtual
assistant to help you out. After 6 to 12
months, you scale to 10 to 30 clients
and you're making $10 to $30,000 a
month. That includes the setup fees and
the ongoing maintenance fees. I hope
this was helpful. Please check out
Hostinger if you found this interesting.
They are running a Black Friday sale
right now. You will get the lowest price
possible. Choose the KVM2 plan. That's
the one with enough juice to run
multiple AI agents. Deploy n build this
content multiplier agent. Then find any
creator, any business owner who feels
overwhelmed to social media. Implement
this into their process. You could set
this up for less time than it took to
watch this video. This is a very real
and realistic opportunity. Most people
are just going to watch this and do
nothing. Don't be most people. Go do
something. Thanks for hanging out on the
Kerner