[00:00]
We got probably to our first 1 million
AR almost entirely through cold email. I
started doing SEO. I started doing ads
and other stuff, but that takes time. So
I was like, let's just cold email. And
that's what we did. Where I was [music]
cold emailing five plus million emails a
month. So that's what 60 million emails
a year. You don't need to start with
50,000 emails. You can start with 100
emails a month. If you don't have a
sequence of emails, you're throwing
money in the trash. Actually, throwing
your campaign in the trash. You think
that cold email [music] means I send you
a cold email. No, that means you have a
sequence of emails because 80 90% of the
time you're going to generate more
revenue on a follow-up than you are the
initial email. People are busy. He's
booking like five meetings a day.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So, we're [music] talking 100 meetings a
month. He's crushing it. It's the one
channel that's low barrier to entry.
Doesn't [music] cost a lot to start. You
can get your first customer in a day. It
still works.
Is it true that cold emailing is dead? I
keep hearing that over and over. So, I
wanted to put that rumor to bed. Today I
had my friend on, his name is Will
Cannon. He started two software
businesses from scratch that do millions
of dollars a year and he sends tens of
thousands of cold emails per month and

[01:01]
thousands of cold emails per month and
he says it is still alive and well. So
today he gave us an absolute master
class on all things cold emailing. How
to stand out in the age of AI, how many
times to follow up, what your offer
should be, etc. How to make sure your
emails hit the inbox, how to scale a
campaign. Please enjoy.
&gt;&gt; People just think, "Oh, I need to call
people. That means send people an
email." No, that means a 15 email
sequence or a 10 email sequence. We
found that 80 75 plus percent of the
revenue we generate from cold email is
not from the first email. It's
&gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; seriously.
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, of course. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How many follow-ups?
&gt;&gt; I think we had like a 10 to 15 email
sequence over like 30 days.
&gt;&gt; Now, what type of people like a to like
this is to like a real estate agent or
&gt;&gt; No, this is B2B. This is so this is
we're reaching out to SAS companies, 50
to 500 employees, IT services, computer
software, like you know, people that
need B2B data, people that have sales
teams. So yeah, I mean this is another
big part of cold email is you think that

[02:00]
big part of cold email is you think that
cold email means I send you a cold
email. No, that means you have a
sequence of emails because you're going
to generate more revenue on normally 80
90% of the time you're going to generate
more revenue on on a follow-up than you
are the initial email. People are busy.
They get 100 cold emails a day. You
know, a lot of these big companies, they
don't reply to the first email. And so,
if you don't have a sequence of emails,
you're throwing revenue in, you're
throwing money in the trash, throwing
your campaign in the trash can because
that campaign's not going to be nearly
as successful as as a full sequence of
emails.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that's crazy to me because
typically when I send cold emails, I see
such a big drop off at like the third
follow-up that like the open rate is
like so low and the response rate is
abysmal. Like if they are responding,
they're saying leave me alone. That I
just thought it was like diminishing
returns. Like the difference between the
fourth follow-up and the 15th follow-up
is next to nothing. What is what is like
your timing of these follow-ups look
like? Like
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; how long does it take you to send 15
emails?
&gt;&gt; 45 to 60 days. Every industry is

[03:00]
&gt;&gt; 45 to 60 days. Every industry is
different. Every campaign is different.
So there's a lot of factors here, but I
would say first email, the second email
is 3 to 5 days later. The next email is
2 to 3 days after that. It sounds like
you're just peppering these someone with
emails and it sounds to the normal
person like they would have already
replied on the first or second email.
They don't want to be bothered with the
eighth email. Yeah, but if you if you
look at kind of cohorts or if you just
run like h
here's what I'll say. Test this AB test
everything. Go test this yourself. Send
one camp you have a thousand of these
divide 500 500 send one campaign and
just send one cold email and then on the
other campaign have five to 10 touches
of cold email. Test it for yourself and
see what works better. I can almost
guarantee you in most cases on B2B cold
emailing that you're going to have more
revenue, meetings, everything from the
campaign that as follows. It's like I
mean this isn't a secret.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. To me, the only
difference is like clearly following up
is everything, but what I'm talking
about is the difference between three

[04:00]
about is the difference between three
follow-ups and 15.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, again, it depends on
the segment. We're selling into sales
and marketing teams that they're sellers
themselves. They get peppered all the
time. They pepper people. So, it's that
look, I may be a little different
because of our space. That's why I say
depending on the industry, but again, I
would just say test it, right? Maybe
maybe three or five work better for you
and you don't need the 15. True. And
that's easier and it's less volume you
need to send, go with that. I would test
it. I would I would honestly test AB
test it. But 100% for sure one versus
three or one versus five in most all
almost all industries you're gonna have
yeah a lot more success with and look if
you're if you add in calling your
LinkedIn or these other touches here's
another thing too I recommend
&gt;&gt; warming up your can prospects and what I
mean by this is if I have a list if I
have a small list of 100 or 500 people
you know I want to warm them up in a way
where I can look familiar like has a
familiar face when they hear from your
or a familiar name or a familiar company
name and with you warm uh prior and so

[05:01]
name and with you warm uh prior and so
that's why I I wrote this guide on cold
email like I've been cold money forever.
I wrote like a guide like five or 10
years ago. I got all these super so I
read the book predictable revenue by
Aaron Ross way back in the day and it's
how Salesforce built zero to 100 million
ARS through cold outbound. That book
changed my life. I I read that when it
came out and so Aaron Ross is the one
who wrote So he so I read that book when
it came out and I was like entrenched
with cold email for a long time and
eventually I reached out to him and a
bunch of other people and wrote a guide
on cold email like the ultimate cold
email playbook
&gt;&gt; way back in the day. This was like four
or five years ago. And then more
recently I revised that. I was like hey
you know what let me take everything
I've learned by cold email and what's
going on today in 2025 coming up on 2026
and let me write a whole playbook on how
to do cold email a toz and the warmup
and all that stuff is in there. So I
kind of wrote a guide on it. We can link
to it. I wrote a guide on it and that's
&gt;&gt; link to it for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. We'll link to it. That
that's my playbook a toz on cold email
and how to do it right.
&gt;&gt; So if your sequence is 10 to 15 emails
and it's 45 to 60 days then are you

[06:00]
and it's 45 to 60 days then are you
averaging like 3 to six days between
each email or is it like first few or
like every two days and then after that
it's like once a week.
&gt;&gt; It does space out later. Yeah, it's it's
it's
&gt;&gt; you space it out more as you go.
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, you're touching them more
often in like first email, three days
later, second email, three or four days
later, second email and then eventually
it's a week or you're spending, you
know,
&gt;&gt; and then you know every like there's
breakup emails. There's a there's a lot
of tactics that people use that's been
around forever. And in the thing is
people kind of people in our space some
people some some industries don't know
because we we've helped people with cold
email campaigns. Some industries you can
still use breakup emails. You can still
use hey I hope you appreciate my
professional persistence but it's like
now if I see that I know that's a cold
email. I know you're not, you know, so
but like so we things have got more
sophisticated, but there's still a way
to do cold email, right? And there's
still a way to make a lot of money with
cold email. We're still doing it today.
&gt;&gt; Fun fact, 80% of the people that watch
my YouTube videos are not subscribed to
me. And most of them think they are.
They see them in the feed, but they're
not subscribed to me. So, please, it'll
take half a second, just click
subscribe, and it would mean a ton to

[07:01]
subscribe, and it would mean a ton to
me. Now, how many of these follow-ups
are you just saying like, "Hey, just
checking in here. Hey, just following
up." Verse like, you know, two to eight
sentences worth of stuff.
&gt;&gt; I like short. I like short. Yeah, I like
Hey, you know,
&gt;&gt; I like any interest question mark. I
don't love bumping this to the top or
certain things I don't love. Again,
depends on the industry, depends on who
you're targeting, but I love short
stuff. I love just bump it right up and
see see what happens. I mean, it's if if
you send eight sentences in a follow-up
email, I mean, there's almost no chance.
&gt;&gt; Ain't nobody reading that. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Did Did you happen to see my tweet about
the cold email I got this morning?
&gt;&gt; No, I didn't. Let me see it.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I'm I'm gonna read I'm going to
read it. So, this was this made me
really think twice. Like, this is very
curious. So, my team forwarded this to
me. They thought it was real. It says,
"Dear Chris, I hope this message finds
you well. In 1929, my grandfather
founded Standard Publishing with a clear
purpose to preserve the voices of
Americans and Christians around the

[08:00]
Americans and Christians around the
world. It is with deep regret that I
share we are going out of business. We
simply can't keep up with the rapid
acceleration of artificial intelligence
and the cost cutting measures our peers
have embraced. For nearly a century, we
have remained committed to creating our
books by hand. Mdash, writing from the
heart, honoring every story, and staying
true to the values my grandfather built
this company upon. Chris, if it's not
too much to ask, I would like to
personally invite you to schedule a
moment with our team and allow us to
prepare a free sample chapter for you.
As we close our doors, we want to go out
by serving one last time. M dash
offering our work freely so that my
grandfather's spirit of generosity can
be remembered and felt by many. So the
domain that it was sent from is
non-existent. The person in the
signature is non-existent. The business
is non-existent. It's all fake. It's
like this is your standard like going
out of business sale that you see on
retail stores. They've been going out of
business for a decade, right? Because it
works. People think they're getting a
deal. What do you think about this? Like
it it's unethical. They're clearly

[09:00]
it it's unethical. They're clearly
lying. like there's a play here. No
one's going out of business. They aren't
who they say they are. I'm not
suggesting anyone do this, but what can
we learn from something like this? Or
what do you find interesting about
something like that?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I first of all, I hate dear
Chris. That automatically screams cold
email. It screams they're, you know,
they're not American. Not that you have
to be American to send cold emails from
everywhere. But I'm just saying it just
screams like this is um an advertisement
of some sort trying to sell you
something. Look, here's what I'll say.
So, I have a friend that's a certified
financial planner and he's crushing it
on cold emails in a very specific way.
He and this kind of what this reminds me
is like like we're not going to go down
the dowel, but he cold emails teachers.
So, he's a certified financial planner,
works for a big company, and he cold
emails teachers because his company has
a relationship with some of these school
districts, and he can allow them to move
their book of business over to him. So

[10:00]
their book of business over to him. So
he
emails a very specific segment teachers
who don't get a lot of cold emails with
a very specific message inviting them to
like basically in some in some ways
letting them know like hey like I work
in connection with your school district
with the blah blah blah school district
it's personalized and you know invites
them to a call and he is absolutely
crushing it's one of the best cold email
campaigns I've ever seen and part of the
reason I think is because of the
segment. Teachers don't get a lot of
code. There's nothing really too much to
sell teachers versus B2B stuff, right?
So, he's sending messages in a specific
way because he has a specific
relationship and he's getting um his
cold email campaign like he's booking
like five meetings a day. So, we're
talking
&gt;&gt; and I mean he's sending weekends too,
but let's we're going to you know we're
going to call it 100 meetings a monthish
plus, right? And obviously not they're
not all you know there's no call no

[11:00]
not all you know there's no call no
shells everything but he is crushing it
because he found a very specific
demographic of people that don't get a
lot of cold emails and he's sending the
right message to them and he's
absolutely crushing it. So this kind of
reminds me of like hey like not not this
because this is whatever but like it
reminds me of
&gt;&gt; going after an audience that isn't
getting hit really hard with the right
messaging and absolutely crushing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're they're trying to tug
on your heartstrings. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Right. [laughter]
Don't tell me you replied to this,
Chris.
&gt;&gt; No, I tweeted about it. And then someone
responded and said, "I just got this
today as well." And it was the same
email but from a different URL,
different domain, everything. I think
I'm going to respond just to see where
it goes because I I love doing that.
Like I just love seeing what the funnel
looks like from the
&gt;&gt; I mean, what is their funnel? He's
saying he's going to give it for free.
There's obviously some there's some
catch there, right?
&gt;&gt; It's probably like a ghost writing
service.
They're using AI, which is funny because
they're saying the AI is putting them
out of business. They're using AI to
write books because dude, publishing.com

[12:01]
write books because dude, publishing.com
is like a hundred and something million
dollar business. Like there's there's a
lot of money to be made in in books.
&gt;&gt; Have you wrote a book yet?
&gt;&gt; No, but I'm working on it.
&gt;&gt; About say that's that's a next step,
right? You build a personal brand,
everyone's done it, right? And then you
are are you going to have a Alex Herozi
$100 million launch?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't I don't know. I don't think
so. Are you gonna bulk? Have you have
you studied his the the last launch he
did?
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Are you going to do a bulk thing like he
did his like where it's like, "Hey, give
out $6,000 worth of books to all your
friends and family and you can
&gt;&gt; and you'll get in my workshop, my
webinar, my this, my that."
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Probably not.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; It just seems like a lot of work that I
don't want to do.
&gt;&gt; Honestly, it's probably worth it. I
mean, it's clearly worth And he and he
also before the launch for however many
months or a year or something ran a
bunch of like he you know he built the
funnel up to this big launch event.
&gt;&gt; Something something I guess anyone
that's trying to build a personal brand
or launch a book can take pieces from

[13:00]
or launch a book can take pieces from
that and learn from to help make their
launch more successful.
&gt;&gt; So I work with like over 100 people
right now that are trying to start AI
automation agencies. If you were doing a
cold email campaign as a brand new AI
automation agency owner, right, looking
for small to medium-sized businesses to
charge like an upfront $2 to five grand
to like audit their business or solve a
problem and then an ongoing like $500 to
$1,500 a month to maintain that thing.
What would your email strategy, cold
email strategy look like for an offer
like that?
&gt;&gt; It's all dependent on the industry,
right? I mean, you know, like I said,
you're going to have, this is another
thing, too. Like, I think cold email can
work and does work, but it doesn't
always work because there's some
industries and some spaces and some
companies that don't have the right
offer where it's going to be a lot
tougher. In general, my strategy, and
this is part of my playbook, is build a
small list of first of all, figure out

[14:00]
small list of first of all, figure out
who your ICP is. That's people don't
even have that nailed down.
&gt;&gt; Describe to people what an ICP is. Yeah.
An ICP is your ideal customer persona.
And this is like who you're selling to.
And I think you should be very specific
about who you're selling to. If you're
like, "Hey, I sell to anyone. I sell to
SAS. Anyone that has a SAS company, I
sell to." No, no, no, no, no. I sell to
SAS companies that have 50 to 500
employees that have outbound sales teams
that that use XYZ software. Like, you
know, narrow it down as much as you can
first of all. So, that's kind of step
one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, this summer I'm doing
something crazy. I'm starting 50
businesses in 50 states in 50 days. And
every single one of them is going to
need a website because if you're
building a business in 2025 without a
website, you're basically invisible. But
here's the problem. Finding a decent.com
is almost impossible at this point.
Everything's taken. You end up with
something like best phoenix
plumberlc2025.com
because all the good domain name choices

[15:00]
because all the good domain name choices
are gone. That's why I'm using online
for these businesses. The word online
gets searched over half a billion times
every month, which helps your SEO and
makes you more discoverable. It's the
world's second largest domain extension,
trusted by over three and a half million
businesses worldwide. I can get the
exact domain name I want without having
to pay thousands of dollars or settling
for some weird variation. And right now
you can grab youronline domain name for
only 99 cents using my code at
get.online. Stop settling. Get the name
you actually want. Links in the
description below. Well, for example,
one of the guys that I know, he sells
basically a tracking system for auto
body and collision repair shops that
have over $40,000 in revenue per month.
So basically when a customer brings in
their car he sells a a a service a
software where the customer can know the
status of their order at any given time

[16:00]
status of their order at any given time
and it's just high level. He's just
selling white labelled high level but
like that is his ICP auto body collision
repair places $40,000 a month at least
in revenue that one product and he's
crushing it
&gt;&gt; nationwide.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You I mean this is perfect.
&gt;&gt; He started in Georgia but now he's
nationwide. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And is he doing cold email call?
Is he is he going person? How is he
getting business?
&gt;&gt; He's doing he's he's using Facebook ads
actually.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful, right? I mean, look, this is
a perfect example where you can I would
use cold email for this as well.
Facebook ad obviously Facebook ads if
you can get your rows to where you need
to be like push that as a channel. This
is another lesson too for entrepreneurs
that are building anything especially
Lindsay you said you're working with a
bunch that started AI agencies is a lot
of people will say dive deep on one
channel like say like hey Facebook ads
to working I don't need I don't need
cold email I don't need sales I don't
need SEO I don't need any of these
things I'm going to focus here I
actually from my experience I give the
opposite advice I say if you have one

[17:00]
opposite advice I say if you have one
channel that's working great and if you
can double down on it great but don't
let one channel be your sole source of
revenue for your business if you like I
would I would put some percentage of my
time for example for that person on
focusing on working on other channels
because again and I've seen it happen
time and time again things change and
you might be crushing the Facebook ads
today and and if you're putting all your
eggs in that basket I'm telling you it
things may not change but if things
change and if your rorowass goes
negative and you're screwed and you have
and you haven't put any effort or time
into building the brand by using all
these other channels, you're going to be
screwed. Your business is going to be
screwed. Your revenue is going to be
screwed. So, I would focus on adding
other customer acquisition channels one
by one. And so, like that's what I've
I've done with my businesses. I've got
burn on that in the past. I was ranking
number one for all these phrases and
crushing with SEO. We were doing
greyhound SEO, one of my first
companies. Boom. Google algorithm update
comes overnight. No more revenue.

[18:00]
comes overnight. No more revenue.
&gt;&gt; Like, I've seen it happen. So it's like
if but if you diversify your channels
and you're building a mini brand which
is kind of like what uple does against
zoom info where you have a mini brand
we're not big we're not a billion dollar
company but when people look for B2B
data and they ask chatbt and they go on
Google for zoom info alternatives and d
they're going to see uple there and
they're okay who's upleed so like build
a mini brand use a bunch of different
channels and eventually people will go
directly to you or just know you name
recognition is so important if they know
this is I need B2B data right now they
just think about Zoom info if they think
oh up as well boom So I think that's
part of it and that's what I would
recommend like for this for this person
perfect example of an area where auto
body shops or auto dealers they don't
get hit with a lot of cool right so it's
a perfect it's a perfect segue into like
hey you can go into I can build a list
of all these auto body shops I can
filter my red I can filter my other
things I can reach out to the owners or
manager whoever it is and boom I can
build out a sequence and a cold email
campaign I can almost guarantee I could
run that type of a campaign and I could
have success with that type of campaign
so that's a lesson for any of those But

[19:00]
so that's a lesson for any of those But
I be interesting to ask you, how are
those companies doing? Because I see a
lot of talk about a lot of, you know,
the next wave is building kind of these
AI agencies helping small and
mediumsized businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, they're doing great. It's
there's 800,000 consultants in the
United States right now. And I just
wonder in 10 years, how many will there
be and how many of those will just be
AI/automation consultants? There's 400
million small business owners in the
world. basically they've p you know
there've been polls and like 80% of them
know that they need to be using AI and
like 5% of them are using AI so there's
just massive disconnect and it doesn't
matter like how simple the tool is like
how easily you can build a website or an
app with one prompt it doesn't matter
people will always need a job to be done
you know like my vacuum is super easy to
use I can use it I still have a cleaner
come and use it because I have a job
that needs to be done and I'm willing to
pay someone for it you know so that's my
analogy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. there's a huge market for it

[20:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. there's a huge market for it
especially because if you look at the
demographics and the ages of a lot of
these small medium size business owners
like you know like trying to get my mom
to use chat GPT I'm telling her how you
know like hey like you can just you
don't need to go to Google anymore mom
you can go to chat GPT and she you know
like convincing these people but if you
come in and you say I had XYZ service
done for you and I can help you with XYZ
as part of to help you grow your
business to help you automate things to
help you save time and save money you
know it's a no-brainer for a couple
hundred bucks a month for like you said
millions of small businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'll give your audience the exact
pitch we used and this could be helpful.
Right? So it was the subject line was
hey first name. So hey Chris, right?
&gt;&gt; Always
&gt;&gt; it was I found you on LinkedIn and I
thought this could be of value to you.
So trying to say like we're trying to
have a didn't want to go crazy on
personalization on first time but
something that felt personal. So hey
found you on LinkedIn thought this could
be a value to you.
&gt;&gt; We built a tool called uple. It's like
zoom info but with real-time email
verification and we're really afford. So
we're saying hey we built a tool called
uple. It's like zoom info. So, we're

[21:00]
uple. It's like zoom info. So, we're
referencing a competitor that they know
about and then we're saying here's our
differentiator. We have real-time email
verification. So, upon download, we
verify emails in real time, which most
people don't. Most of other companies do
bulk 90 days or whatever that is. And
we're really affordable. So, say we're
less expensive and we're doing um what
they're doing, but we're doing a little
bit better. And then we said, so the
call to action was so it's two call to
actions. One we tested a couple, but one
was are you open to trying out at no
cost? And the other one was, can I send
you 50 free leads? It's is like this
Alex Rosy's book$100 million dollar
offers. A call to action so good you
feel stupid saying no. This was like hey
I built a tool. It's called uple. I'll
give you free leads that match your ICP.
Like do you want some free leads? And it
was like boom boom boom boom you know.
So then we give them a little taste. We
get them in the app. Give them a little
taste
&gt;&gt; and then if they like what they see they
want more and they subscribe. So that
was kind of that's how we kind of
started building out our we got to our
first million 1 million AR almost
entirely through quality. I started
doing SEO. I started doing ads and other
stuff but that takes time. So I was
like, let's just cold email and that's
what we did.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that is beautiful. What is your

[22:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that is beautiful. What is your
cold email stack today and what was it
back then?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, back then it was Gmail, mail
merge. Um, we used some tools at the
time, but it was just like we're just
buttoning stuff up together and we
weren't going crazy on it because we
were just doing more targeted campaigns
versus bulk, which I've done in the past
a lot of bulk stuff. So we have
outreach, we have salesfinity, which is
a dialer, a parallel dialer because now
we're doing multi, right? We're doing
LinkedIn, we're doing
&gt;&gt; multi-line dialer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, parallel dialer. Exactly. dials
five six lines at once. It connects. So
you just basically save a lot of time
versus having to manual hand or
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's parallel dialer.
There's a bunch of them now. There's
Nooks, there's ORUM, there's TR, there's
a bunch of them. And then obviously we
use uple for the data. So we build our
list and uple we so we have intent
signals in uple so we know where there's
kind of surging buyer intent for
specific topics or specific competitors.
So we'll build out a bunch of campaigns.
We'll build out one around competitors.
We'll build around surging intent. or
build out a runaround they just hired a
new VP or got funding or certain build
out all these triggers, send them into
our systems and then we do multi-touch
across all those.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Now, are you still doing cold

[23:00]
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Now, are you still doing cold
emails today to grow?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we're Yeah, we're still
doing cold emails today. I mean,
obviously it's a bit now it's like one
piece in a, you know, there's SEO,
there's ads, there's a bunch of
partnerships, there's a bunch,
affiliates, there's a bunch of other
things,
&gt;&gt; but yeah, 100% we're still doing it
because it still works and it's like
it's it's the one channel that's like
&gt;&gt; there's low barrier to entry. Doesn't
cost a lot to start. You can get your
first customer in a day. It's like I
100% recommend cold I mean, look, it
takes a lot to do a cold email, right?
And if you need help with that, like
reach out to me. I'll help you. Like if
if if you if you want to do cold email
and you do it right and you don't need
to bulk, you can do it at a small scale,
you can build a list of 100, 200 people
to start with and if you send emails at
the right time with the right message to
the right person, your chances of
success are going to be much higher.
&gt;&gt; Is timing a huge factor for you? cuz I
feel like it depends on the industry and
I used to really optimize for time of
day and time and day of week and I don't
know it just maybe just for my
newsletter but I just learned it doesn't
matter as much as I thought it used to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think newsletter is different
than cold email. Cold email obviously

[24:00]
than cold email. Cold email obviously
depends, right? B2B cold email is
different from something else cold
email. So B2B cold email
&gt;&gt; quick question. What if there were a
private community out there of people
that were building businesses based on
this podcast? Well, I just made it and
it's only for business starters and
business builders. It's called TK Owners
and it's basically like having me and a
hundred other business geniuses as your
business partner. Also, there's going to
be exclusive new trends, growth hacks,
business ideas, and a database of
everything I've ever talked about.
You'll find thousands of startup case
studies. You'll have weekly ask me
anythings with me while I'll answer your
questions directly. You can join now at
tkowners.com. Link in the show notes.
Yes, we've found that certain days or
times usually work better, but it's
always it's not always the case because
we've seen Fridays crush it and then
we've seen Fridays be the worst day. So,
we we like to say
&gt;&gt; middle of, you know, like Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, 10:00 a.m. PST,
like, you know, you know, middle of day,
late morning or early afternoon in
middle of the week. But we've done some
campaigns on weekends that have done
well, but usually those don't. So, I

[25:00]
well, but usually those don't. So, I
just I guess it just depends. But yeah,
100% always be testing. How many cold
emails are you sending per day and how
many were you sending at your peak?
&gt;&gt; We're sending right now about I think 40
or 50,000 per month. Our peak I mean she
I was sending millions per month back.
I' I've sent probably over 100 million
cold emails. I' I was sending [laughter]
it was just crazy, right? I've so when I
was cold emailing loan officers and
realtors, I think the entire I think so
I was I had a list of probably a list of
a million people when you added up all
the realtors, all the loan officers,
processors, everyone in and around the
space that I was emailing to try to
recruit. And I was sending that email
and I was sending follow-ups out of that
email. So there was probably a few years
when I was doing cold email for loan
stuff where I was cold emailing, you
know, I don't know, five plus million
emails a month. So that's what 60
million emails a year. That was way back
in the day. So yeah, I've sent I've sent
a ton of cold emails. But what I found
is the volume, you know, now you can't
you can't deliver tens of millions of
emails now like you can you could
before. You could before.
&gt;&gt; What do you recommend if people want to

[26:00]
&gt;&gt; What do you recommend if people want to
send 30,000 a month? like G Suite,
multiple accounts, different domains in
case you get flagged like proxies or
what's the 8020 of it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you you need you need domains. So
obviously like for us you need a you
obviously you want dos you want them to
be short. So try up get update this. So
you want you know if you're going to
send let's say you're going to send
let's say something like what we're
doing let's say around 50,000 a month
you're going to need hundreds of domains
probably two to 400 domains. Each domain
sends
&gt;&gt; wow
&gt;&gt; 20 to 50 emails a day like so. Yeah. So
small volume but a lot of domains. You
need to have your infrastructure set up
whe you know you know we're doing some
custom stuff but you you know people can
use instantly they can use lemless list
they can use smartly they there's a ton
of tool yeah yeah there's a ton ton of
tools to do it but you got to watch your
domain reputation you got to you got to
warm up your domains deliverability is a
lot harder and things are changing all
the time so if you're not on top of it
or you don't have someone that helps you
that's on top of it it's not going to be
easy you don't need to start with 50,000
emails a month you can start with a 100

[27:00]
emails a month you can start with a 100
emails a month you can start with five
or 10 domains and you can do it through
a mail merge through Gmail or you can
use one of these tools to do it. And you
don't need to go crazy to start with. I
think it's, you know, if you know who
your target market is, you have the
right offer and the right message. I
like short emails. I like plain text. I
like, you know,
&gt;&gt; 100%
&gt;&gt; three lines. One, yeah, no. One is like,
here's how I found you, why I'm reaching
out. Here's what I do, why it's
different, how I can help you. Here's
the value to you. And then a call to
action. So good. It's hard to say no.
So, can I give you something for free?
Like, you know, I had um I just started
on YouTube, okay? And this is a story
around cold email, right? And so I'm
like, hey, I'm in the market for an
editor. I'm in the market for a
thumbnail designer. I'm in the market
for all these people that I'm just
getting started. I had someone reach out
to me and said, "We're a done for you
email agency. We write your script. We
help with thumbnails. We help with
editing. We help with everything. And
you pay a flat monthly fee. Here's who
we've helped that's exactly like you.
And here's how my channels are crushing
it. Let let us give you one month of
free service. We're going to write your
scripts for a month. We're going to edit
your videos for a month. We're going to

[28:00]
your videos for a month. We're going to
create your thumbnails for a month.
We'll do everything for free. You just
have to record what you're already doing
now. And if it works and if if you get a
better um more views and more clicks and
more everything from your vid from the
videos that we do, then we'll talk about
the price. And that was an offer so good
I couldn't say no. And now I'm try
testing out that agency. Yeah. Because
I'm like I'm already doing this and I'm
paying an editor, a thumbnail designer,
and all these people.
&gt;&gt; I'll I'll I'll take your So that like
that's a way to get it was the right
timing because I was in market.
&gt;&gt; It was the right message to the right
person. I'm the buyer. I'm the decision
maker. and it was the right offer. If it
if it was all that that it wasn't the
right offer, I would if they said it's
$5 a month, $2 a month, whatever they
said. I would have said, "No, I don't
know you from Adam. I'm just going to
keep doing it my way. I'll figure it out
on my own." Like, they had the right
offer at the right time and boom, I'm
testing out their service and if it
works, I'm paying them.
&gt;&gt; That's it.
&gt;&gt; You know what's funny? Sometimes we'll
spend hours like scraping leads or
learning how to really scale scale our
cold emailing when if we just spent
those same hours doing really deep
research on like 10 targets like you in
this case those 10 emails will be so

[29:01]
this case those 10 emails will be so
much more effective than 10,000 emails
right because they knew the niche of
your channel that you're already
recording like they knew a lot about
you. It still might have been automated
but it was you know it was automated
with a ton of research a ton of
personalization right
&gt;&gt; 100%. Anything else you want to say
about cold emailing? About how to be
successful in cold emailing today?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean look, there's a lot of
factors that go into a successful cold
email. Deliverability,
messaging, timing. So, there's so many
factors that go into it. The data
itself, the leads, are are you
contacting the right people? What I
would say is right message, right
person, right time. Narrow your list.
You don't need to blast out millions of
emails anymore. Narrow your list. Focus
on the right message, right person at
the right time. If you can get signals,
which is what Uply provides and other
companies do, you can get signals on who
to target at the right time and you send
them the right message, your chances of
success are going to be much higher. And
so, I mean, that in short, that's how to
do cold email, right? A lot easier said

[30:00]
do cold email, right? A lot easier said
than done, but if you need help with it,
that's what me and my team do.
&gt;&gt; Will, you're the band. Where can people
find you if they want to find you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I just started a YouTube
channel. You can push Will Cannon or
it's I
&gt;&gt; We'll collab We'll do a collab link on
that.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. We'll do a collab link on that.
I built my personal brand website.com.
Built that. I have all my playbooks
there completely free. So I wrote a
playbook on SEO. I wrote a playbook on
cold email. I wrote a playbook on
Legion. I wrote a playbook on
everything. And it's not just like a
Chad GPT written playbook. This is like
all my 20 plus years of experience
building out all these businesses. I put
everything I know into these playbooks
and they're completely free. Not selling
them. You have to give your email to
download them and I'll put you on my
list. But not selling them. Giving them
away completely free. And go check me
out. I am Will Cannon. Um, yeah, I'm on
Instagram, I'm on LinkedIn, I'm
everywhere. Yeah, hopefully people got
value and I appreciate you having me on,
Chris.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Thanks, man. All right, what
you think? Please share it with a friend
and we'll see you next time on the
Kerner