[00:00]
All right, everyone is talking about the
newsletter business, specifically the
local newsletter business. And guess
what? Last time I checked, there are
hundreds of thousands, if not millions
of cities, states, towns, geographies
all around the world. So, I'm going to
use Chat GPT to autogenerate a random
city in the United States, and I'm going
to build a local newsletter for that
city. All within the course of this
video, I'm going to take you all the way
from I know nothing about what a local
newsletter is to I have my first local
newsletter subscribers. You don't need
an audience. You don't need that much
money. You don't need any skills outside
of what you're going to find in this
video. So, come right here, hold my
hand, and I'll show you exactly how to
do this over the next this many minutes.
First of all, why do we want to start a
local newsletter? Because this is one of
the most approachable businesses in the
world. What's the hardest part about
starting a business? Acquiring
customers. In this case, your customers
are your newsletter subscribers. Well,
guess what? In the local newsletter
business, it's very straightforward. You
just post meta ads. Instagram and

[01:00]
just post meta ads. Instagram and
Facebook, you post ads, you get
subscribers, you send them emails, and
then you find sponsors from those same
subscribers that will pay you money to
put their ads or their affiliate links
in your newsletter. That's the name of
the game. I've done it. My friends have
done it. It's very straightforward.
Let's do this. Okay. Now, I live in the
Dallas Fort Worth area, but I want to
start a local newsletter anywhere.
Anywhere there's at least, call it
50,000 people. You can do it with less,
but let's say 50. So, here's what I'm
going to do. I'm going to open chat GPT
and I'm going to say, give me the name.
Give me the name of a city in the US
that has 50K to 100K people. Any state,
totally random, preferably somewhere I'm
unfamiliar with and have never spoken
about.
Gallup, New Mexico. [laughter]
Okay, I'm laughing because New Mexico in
my family, I'm sorry. I'm sorry to
everyone in New Mexico. It's just not
our favorite state. We've seen all 50
states in 60 days. It was not our
favorite. I won't go into the reasons
here, but I just think it's hilarious
that Chad Jubdy gave me a city in New

[02:01]
that Chad Jubdy gave me a city in New
Mexico to do this. So, I've driven
through Gallup. Let's do this. Let's do
this.
How many people give me fun facts about
Gallup? Demographic data, jobs, growth,
culture, unique quirks, etc. Okay. Okay.
First of all, Chie, you're an idiot. I
said between 50,000 and 100,000 people.
[sighs]
I said over 50k people stay in New
Mexico.
Okay, so Teddy did not understand the
assignment. Okay, Roswell, New Mexico,
48K. Still not over 50, but we'll roll
with it. You can do some fun alien
branding with Roswell. So, we're rolling
with Roswell. Rolling with Roswell. That
could be a good name. Okay. I just want
to know a little bit about Roswell. 53%.
white, 22% other. Okay. 23% poverty
rate. Household income is modest. Okay
guys, if we can make a local newsletter

[03:00]
guys, if we can make a local newsletter
work in Roswell, New Mexico, we can make
it work anywhere. Job growth isn't
great. Economic prospects not great.
Median household income not great. But
we're going to do it cuz I want to paint
a realistic picture for you. So, where
are we going next? Obviously, we're
going to Beehive. I've used Beehive for
2 years. I freaking love Beehive. I'm
trying to convince them to let me invest
in them. So, we're going to pretend like
I've never used Beehive before. We're
going to say, "Start your free trial."
We're going to say, "I don't have a
newsletter yet." Okay, we're not going
to use Chad GBT for the branding and the
naming of this cuz that's lame. We're
going to think of it ourselves. So,
let's just keep it basic and say Roswell
Dispatch. Okay. But is the domain name
available? Okay. So, we're going to name
right here
Roswell Dispatch.
What's the newsletter about? We're going
to say cities. How often do you plan to
publish? Let's just say weekly. Now,
here's a little tip. The more you
publish, the more you can charge. But

[04:01]
publish, the more you can charge. But
the more you publish, the harder it is
to maintain. It's more work, right? If
you publish five times a week, Monday
through Friday, you can charge five
times as much for ads because we're
charging for ads on a CPM basis. CPM
equals cost per mill equals cost per
thousand eyeballs. Okay, let's say we
have 10,000 subscribers. That's not
eyeballs, that's subscribers. I send out
the email. I have a 50% open rate. 5,000
opens pairs of eyeballs. Okay, cost per
thousand. So that's five, right? And for
newsletters, it's all over the board.
You can charge between 20 and $100 CPM,
cost per mill, cost per thousand
eyeballs. Let's say it's 50. Okay, so
that's $50 time 5 as in 5,000 eyeballs,
50% open rate on 10,000 emails, that's
$250.
So every time I hit send on an email
that's going out to 5,000 people, I can
make $250. That's before affiliate
links, that's before merch, that's
before events, that's before vertically

[05:01]
before events, that's before vertically
integrating and starting another
business that your newsletter promotes.
We're not going to get into all that.
We're trying to keep it simple, Chris.
Focus. All right, that's on me. If we're
only putting ads in the ding newsletter,
which is the most straightforward way of
monetizing a newsletter, and if we use
behive, behive can do all that for us.
I'll get into that in a minute. Then
we're just going to look at the CPM. So
10,000 subscribers, $250. We send that
once a week, we make $250 a week. We
send that five times a week, we make
$1,250 a week, which is awesome. Who
wouldn't want to make more money? But
you still have to sell those sponsors.
You got to find the sponsors. You got to
manage the sponsors. And you got to send
five times as many emails. So, we can
get there. The worst thing you want to
do is to start out super gung-ho,
saying, "I'm going to email seven times
a week or five times a week or whatever,
and then you lose steam and then you
drop to three to one." And then it's
like, it's really just the mental aspect
of that. Your subscribers don't really
care that you dropped your frequency,
but you care. And it feels kind of
demoralizing. So, we want to start small
and pick up some quick wins along the

[06:01]
and pick up some quick wins along the
way. And we can add a few more sends per
week as we go, should we choose to do
so. So, for now, let's say weekly. Where
do we hear about us? We're going to say
influencer. That's me. We're going to
start our 30-day free trial. Now, here's
what I could do right now. I could walk
you through all the settings. How to set
up your social profile, how to make a
great logo or profile picture. Those are
advanced forms of procrastination. Okay?
We want to get subs, subscribers. We
need fuel. We need gas in our tank. And
a newsletter is not a newsletter without
subscribers. So, all this stuff is
secondary. It's fluff. These are boxes
that we often check to make ourselves
feel good, like we're making progress.
But as far as I'm concerned, we haven't
made any progress until we have
subscribers. So, we're going to skip all
this crap. Now, reason number 82 that I
love Beehive is the website, the
monetization, everything. It's all fully
integrated. So, we do need some sort of
a website to get started because many
people will read our newsletter on a
website, not within their email. They're
going to want to share it to others. We

[07:00]
going to want to share it to others. We
want the search engines to pick us up.
We want ChatGpt to pick us up. We need
SEO, search engine optimization to get
cranking on this stuff. So, we do want
to publish this stuff to a website.
Also, you know, like all those link and
bio services that you see influencers
have. This is now integrated within
Behive. You can do that as well, which
is awesome. We're going to go for a news
site because this will be more similar
to a news site than a blog. They've got
a bunch of cool templates here. I'm not
going to be too picky with it. I really
like this one that looks clean. It looks
fun. It's not too cluttered. We're going
to go with standard, which is kind of a
boring name for such a beautiful
template. I like it. I like it. You know
what? These colors are kind of like
southwestern vibbey. I'm thinking like
Breaking Bad. I'm thinking Better Call
Saul. I'm thinking New Mexico already.
So, I'm not going to change any of the
colors. I could with a couple clicks I
could generate other color palettes with
AI, but I'm just going to stick with
what works. Remember, advanced forms of
procrastination. We don't want to do
that. We don't want friction.
Topography. I'm gonna keep it. Boom.

[08:02]
Topography. I'm gonna keep it. Boom.
Boom. Publish now. Heck yes, we're gonna
publish now, dude. Boom. Now we have a
website. Okay, we don't have any posts
to sync yet, but those will come in
time. You got the subscribe field. All
right, there. Roswell dispatch. You can
edit this stuff. Bum, bum, bum. But
we're not going to worry about it. We're
just going to click next. Publish to
live site. Okay, we're live. That's our
domain name. Boom. Okay, we got a
website. Now, let's design the
newsletter. Okay, once again, I'm not a
design guy. I wish I were. I'm gonna
pick a template. That one looks cool. I
like how readable it is. I like the
different colors. That one looks pretty
cool, but let's not overthink it. Let's
go with community pulse. And this is
kind of a community newsletter because
it's people that live in Roswell. Bless
their hearts.
Now, on Beehive, you've got right mode
where you're literally editing it.
You're changing the text. Boom. Z. We'll
put that back. And then you have design
mode where you're changing the the

[09:01]
mode where you're changing the the
formatting, the design. You're moving
blocks and moving sections around,
changing colors, etc. You're usually
going to live in right mode because the
template is probably going to be the
same week to week. So, I'm just going to
click finish. Check the box. We don't
worry about settings right now. You can
book a time with a beehive expert. I
finished the steps. Okay. Now, I have
zero subscribers, 0% open rate, etc. All
right. Now that we're all set up, the
responsible thing to do would be to
write our first newsletter, right? But I
never said I was responsible. What I do
is I sell it before I have it. I want to
find customers. I want to find
subscribers first and then we'll send
something to them. Again, that's usually
kind of like the scary hairy thing that
we have to go through when starting a
business is how to find subscribers. So,
let's do it first. Let's get the OBT,
the one big thing out of the way first.
So, I'm going to do this from scratch.
No cheating. I will not use my influence
or my audience to find these
subscribers. And I'll show you exactly
how I'm going to do that. I'm going to
go to Google and I'm going to go to the

[10:00]
go to Google and I'm going to go to the
meta ads manager. Cool. Go to ads
manager. We're going to go to campaigns
and we're going to click create this big
green button right here. Okay. We want
leads. We want emails. So you could do
awareness, traffic, engagement. There's
not a specific right or wrong way to do
this, but in my experience when looking
for newsletter subscribers, I want to go
through leads. Okay. Now, remember, in
any lead generation, in any form of
marketing, there's going to be a push
pull between friction and effectiveness.
And a third variable, the quality of
leads. So, if I throw up a landing page,
that's beautiful. There's only one thing
to click. There's no friction. It's
super easy. I only need your email.
Don't give me your name. I don't need
your number. Just your email. I'm going
to get so many leads. Let's call it a
10% conversion rate. For every 10 people
that hit that landing page, I'm going to
get one email. Awesome. Now, when I
start adding, what's your phone number?
What's your name? What's your budget?
That 10% conversion rate is going to
drop to 5 4 3 2 1% conversion rate. Oh,

[11:01]
drop to 5 4 3 2 1% conversion rate. Oh,
bummer. Why would I add that? Because
those leads are going to be way more
qualified, way higher intent. That's the
trade-off. Now, I wish I could tell you,
well, you always want to go with lowest
friction, yada yada, or you always want
to go with more friction to get higher
intent. It depends. It depends on the
industry. It depends on your goals. It
depends on the price point of whatever
it is you're selling. It depends on do
you have a local newsletter or a tech
newsletter. You got to test everything
except drugs. Okay? So, I'm going to go
for super ultra low friction because I
want momentum, right? Focus is
overrated. Momentum is underrated. We
want to do everything possible to get
this ball rolling and to keep it rolling
because objects in motion stay in
motion. So, I don't care if these are
lower intent leads. I just want leads,
emails, subscribers. Going to go to
continue. Okay, what's my budget? Now,
I'm hoping I can get these emails for
like two bucks a piece. Now, let's break
down the math of that. Remember when I
was talking about how much money you can

[12:00]
was talking about how much money you can
make from a local newsletter? Let's say
we send five emails per week and we have
10,000 subscribers at a 50% open rate.
Same example as before. Okay, that means
I can make $250 per send or $1,250 per
week. Four weeks in a month, that's
$5,000 a month. So $5,000 a month from
10,000 emails. Okay, that's at a $50 CPM
cost per mill. So in other words, every
email I acquire is worth 50 cents a
month. 10,000 emails get me $5,000 a
month. Lots of ifs. We still have to
find the sponsors. We have to close the
sponsors, collect money, yada yada yada.
I don't want to oversimplify this, but
let's just say one email address is
worth 50 cents a month. And let's say,
and this is like an industry standard,
each email stays subscribed to you for
two years. Okay? 50 cents a month time
24 months is $12. So with that in mind,
if I spend $1 to acquire an email
address, then I'm receiving a 12x

[13:01]
address, then I'm receiving a 12x
rorowaz 12 times return on ad spend. I
put a dollar into the money machine, I
get $12 back. Now, not right away. I get
$12 back over the course of two years.
So, you have to manage that cash flow,
but these numbers are all very realistic
for the newsletter industry. So, $2
should be pretty conservative for a
local newsletter. Local newsletters are
great because the cost per email
subscriber is very low because it's so
specific. It's so relevant. You can
target people only in Roswell or people
from Roswell or people about to visit
Roswell or people that are most likely
to read their news from an email, right?
People 25 to 45 years old. We can do all
that. Now, I don't want to do $100 a day
forever, but I want to do $100 a day for
day one because I want to see traction
fast, right? Cuz your first emails might
cost you $5 to $15, which is going to be
demoralizing. But just be patient, have
faith, be willing to wait it out because
that will drop over time, right? We need

[14:00]
that will drop over time, right? We need
the algorithm to learn what an email
subscriber looks like. So, I'm going to
put 100, but this is only going to be
for a day. Then, I'm going to drop it
down to about 20 bucks. I'm not going to
deal with AB testing. I'm going to keep
this very simple. We don't have any
special ad categories.
We're not selling financial products or
services, jobs, housing, gambling, etc.
So, we'll just skip that. Go to next.
Okay, I'm gonna call this ad set.
Now remember, there's three tiers to
Facebook ads. Campaign, ad set, ads.
Now, under campaign, you're telling Meta
your goal. You're telling it big picture
stuff, right? The meta meta stuff, if
you will. What's my budget? What types
of leads do I want, etc.? You come a
tier down to the ad set level. This is
where you tell Meta who I'm targeting.
What are my settings for these ads?
Where are the ads going to appear? How
much money do I want to spend per ad?
Not just for the whole campaign. What
time of day or night or week are these

[15:00]
time of day or night or week are these
ads going to run? And then on the lowest
level, this is the most granular level,
the ad level. This is the actual ad with
the creative, the picture or the video
or the text, the headline, the
description, everything. This is what
people actually see. So the campaign is
the game plan. The ads set is the
players and the positions, quarterback,
linebackers, etc. And the ad is the play
that you're running on the field with
those players. Now,
what kind of a conversion do I want? Do
I want to send people to my website? No,
cuz it's not optimized yet. Do I want
people to call me? Nope. Not on a
newsletter. We just want instant form
leads. And Meta's telling me, "Hey, you
could spend less money per lead if you
did website." I know. I know meta, but
I'm optimizing for momentum right now.
Now, you do have to have a Facebook page
for the newsletter. So, in this case, I
need to go create a Facebook page
because that's going to be tied to this
ad. Now, I could post ads from any
number of Facebook pages that I already
own or manage, the Kerner office, the
Kerner office highlights, archive, etc.

[16:01]
Kerner office highlights, archive, etc.
But that's not relevant. Like, my
conversion rate won't be nearly as good
because they're going to see in the
description and in the creative Roswell
dispatch local newsletter and then it's
going to be from the Ker office. What?
Who's that? Right. So, I'm going to go
ahead and create a Facebook page. I'm
going to go to my personal Facebook
account. Okay. These are all the pages I
manage. I'm going to click create new
profile or page. Public page. Next. Get
started
Roswell Dispatch. I'm going to call it
media/news company. I'm not even going
to add a bio because guess what? People
aren't going to click into the page and
like make sure that I'm a real thing or
a real person before they subscribe.
It's not that deep. They're not sending
me thousands of dollars. It's just a
newsletter. So, I'm not going to I'm not
going to overthink this. Now, I will ask
Chad GPT
to make me a profile picture for my
Facebook page because I don't want it to
look empty. That will prevent people
from subscribing. I want there to be
something there, a placeholder. So, I

[17:00]
something there, a placeholder. So, I
asked JBT, create a simple logo, create
a dimple logo for my Facebook page
called Roswell Dispatch, a local email
newsletter for Roswell, New Mexico
residents. Now, the reason I told it
this was a logo specifically for my
Facebook page is because I wanted to
make sure the dimensions would work for
Facebook. Now, while I wait for that
logo to generate, because it is taking
forever, I'm going to go back to Beehive
and I'm going to make a poll. Polls are
maybe my favorite thing about Beehive.
I'm just going to call it,
"What do you want to know?"
Okay. What kind of stuff should I write
about in this newsletter? best places to
visit, best local deals, local news,
opinion pieces, stories from residents.
Now, I don't have to pick one. I could
take the top three most popular poll
responses and do all three of those in
every newsletter, and I could order them
by most, second most, and then third
most popular in the email. There's no
reason you shouldn't be constantly
soliciting feedback from your
subscribers to improve the quality of
your email. Everyone has access to the

[18:00]
your email. Everyone has access to the
polling feature. Very few people
actually use it. Okay, save. I'll show
you how to insert that into the
newsletter. KAGPD is still taking
forever. I'm just going to go to Google,
type in Roswell, New Mexico logo. I'm
going to take this one. Boom. I put in
the website. I'm going to say it's
always open. Go to next. Profile
picture.
Let's get a cover photo.
Sure, that looks awesome. Cool. Does the
profile picture fit? Nope. Don't care.
JBD failed me. Took too long. But we're
moving on. Don't need a phone number.
Don't need to invite friends. Don't want
notifications.
Done. That's how easy it is to create a
Facebook page. Now, we're going to go
back to ads manager. I'm going to
refresh. There it is. Roswell dispatch.
Boom. View the terms. I agreed to the
terms. Cool. Now, dynamic creative. What
this means is Facebook, if I check this
box, Facebook will change my creative,

[19:01]
box, Facebook will change my creative,
my pictures or videos based on what it
thinks is best optimized. I don't really
trust this yet. I've seen some bugs. I'm
not going to check it. It can work. I'm
just not going to use it. I'm going to
set an end date to these ads for
tomorrow because I'm spending $100 a
day. I don't want to forget audience.
This is very important. Advantage plus
basically means it's going to use AI to
find out who your audience is. and it
knows that the word Roswell is in my
Facebook page, it can kind of presume
I'm showing this to people in Roswell,
but my gut tells me that if I don't rely
on AI, I will save some money in the
testing phase. It's going to get there
eventually. I want it to get there now.
I'm impatient. So, I'm going to show you
how to target your ads. I'm going to go
to United States. I'm going to do
Roswell, New Mexico. Boom. There it is.
include Roswell, New Mexico. That's it.
Now, I could choose the age, the gender,
etc., but I don't want to do that. I'm

[20:00]
etc., but I don't want to do that. I'm
going to trust Meta to do that, right?
But I want to tell it the geography of
where to show these ads. And then this
box is important. I will leave this box
checked. Reach more people likely to
respond. So, maybe they use a VPN to
mask their location. And they're always
reading Roswell news, but Facebook
doesn't think they're in Roswell. Well,
it'll show them the ad anyway. Maybe
they're about to move to Roswell because
Facebook knows it's searching for, you
know, best restaurants in Roswell. It's
going to show it to them even though
they're not within that radius. I've had
a lot of good luck with checking that
box. Now, placements. This is what type
of devices to show the ads on. Do I want
them to be shown on Facebook and
Instagram or just one or the other? Or
audience network? That's basically
Facebook showing Facebook ads all over
the internet, not just on the meta
platforms. I'm just going to say run
wild, Facebook, right? Show these ads
wherever you think they'll be
successful. Now, I'm going to keep this
very simple. I'm going to use my iPhone
to take a quick video and then I'm going
to edit it in the Instagram app. It's

[21:01]
to edit it in the Instagram app. It's
called edits, but it's owned by
Instagram. You don't need any editing
skills. I promise you. I'm just going to
make one ad. In my experience, really
short video ads just crush. But before I
do that, what do I want my ad to say?
What is a good local newsletter ad?
Well, let me show you. I'm going to go
to Google. I'm going to type in meta ads
library. Meta will show you every single
ad that they're running in the world.
Okay, go there. Click all ads. I'm going
to type in the word newsletter. Okay,
hit enter. Now, how do you know which ad
is good? Which ad isn't? Well, I'm going
to find the ads that have been running
the longest. I'm going to click filters
and I'm going to say only active and I'm
going to set the date back in September.
This shows me ads that are active today
that started running before September
1st. Why is that important? Because
Facebook ads go stale quickly, right?
Sometimes within a month or within a
week. And so if an ad is just crushing,
then the owner is leaving the ad up for

[22:01]
then the owner is leaving the ad up for
months at a time. You're not going to
leave up an ad that doesn't perform
well. You just won't. And so this is
telling me that these ads probably, not
definitely, probably perform well. Now,
since I'm committed to making a video
ad, I'm going to find other video ads.
Media type videos.
Boom.
So, I'm only looking for ads in the
United States that are active right now
that started running on or before
September 1st, that have the word
newsletter, that are a video. Okay.
Okay. How about this? KCRW. If it's
happening in SoCal, you'll hear about it
first. From soldout concerts, yada yada.
The free KCRW local newsletter bundle
keeps you ahead of the crowd. This has
been running for 3 months. It's a video
ad. It's a local newsletter video ad.
So, I'm going to see what it looks like.
Okay. So, it's just static text with a
generic image behind it. We could do

[23:00]
generic image behind it. We could do
better than that. I want to find a
talking head video. If you've been on
the hunt for real straight leg jeans
that don't taper into So, we have a lot
of exciting new releases for you this
week. For starters, I'm wearing our
brand new Jack.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so I didn't see anything that I
love, so I'm just going to wing it. I'm
going to play on the FOMO angle. Got my
phone out here. I'm just going to take
it live. Did you know that there's more
to Roswell than just silly alien memes?
Believe it or not, there's a lot of cool
stuff happening in Roswell every week
and you have no idea about it. Why?
because you don't subscribe to the 100%
free Roswell Dispatch email newsletter.
Find the link below. You're going to
love it. All right, that was 16 seconds,
which is pretty perfect.
&gt;&gt; More to Roswell than just silly alien
memes.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to show you my screen. I'm
going to the free Instagram edit app.
I'm going to click plus gallery. There's
the video. Add it. You always want
captions because many, if not most
people watch ads with their audio off.
So, I'm going to click CC for captions.

[24:00]
So, I'm going to click CC for captions.
That's all you got to do. Okay. So, I
added captions. Now, I'm going to add
some intriguing text to the first few
seconds. It's a different form of a
hook. So, we're going to click text. I
want it to stand out. First of all, I'm
going to split this cuz there's like a
half second before I start talking.
That's just wasted time. So, you split
the video and then delete it. And then
I'm going to drag this over so it starts
with the video. Did you know that
there's more to Roswell than just silly
alien memes? Believe it or not, there's
a lot of cool stuff happening in Roswell
every week and you have no idea about
it. Why? Because you don't subscribe to
the 100% free Roswell Dispatch email
newsletter. Find the link below. You're
going to love it. I'm going to take away
you're going to love it because there's
just fluff I wanted to end abruptly.
Newsletter. Find the link below. Right
there. Find the link below. Hit the
video. Click split. Delete. Email
newsletter. Find the link below. Did you
know that there's more?
&gt;&gt; And then I'm going to take that out.
&gt;&gt; Dispatch email newsletter. Find the link
below.

[25:00]
below.
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna edit that last caption to say
find the link below. That's it. I cut
myself off in the last word below.
&gt;&gt; That there's more to Roswell than just
silly alien meme, but it doesn't matter.
All right, done. We're done. That, you
know, that took three minutes to edit
that ad. We're going to click export.
Boom. We're going to click download.
Finish downloading. I'm going to airdrop
it to my computer. So, we're going to go
back to the ads manager. We're going to
go single image or video setup creative
video ad.
Click that. We're going to go click
upload. There it is. We'll click next.
Now, here's the part that trips me up. I
always forget what's the primary text,
what's the headline, what's the
description, what goes there, what's the
best strategy. Okay, so here's what
we're going to do. This is where Chad
GPT does a great job. All right. I have
a local email newsletter for Roswell,
New Mexico residents. I'm using Facebook
ads to find subs. Give me three
headlines, primary text, and

[26:00]
headlines, primary text, and
descriptions to promote this with
Facebook ads via AB test. Keep them
short and simple using best practices
for finding local newsletter subs, new
events, and deals in town news, etc.
Boom. Now, we're just going to tediously
copy that. Copy. Copy. We go. Primary
text.
Okay. Here's what I did. All I did was I
pasted all three of the primary text,
the headline, and the description. And
then Facebook said, "Hey, our AI thinks
that you could improve those with
these." And you know what? I'm going to
keep these because Facebook knows better
than anyone what type of text I should
have to get email local newsletter
subscribers. So, I'll roll with its
suggestions. It may use them, it may
not. It's certainly going to test them
all. And then the call to action is
going to be subscribe. So, we'll leave
all these boxes checked and then click
next. We'll leave those checked. Click
done. Cool. There's my ad. There's what
it's going to look like. I'm not going
to do testing. We're going to keep it
simple here. Now, we do need to create a

[27:00]
simple here. Now, we do need to create a
form.
All right. We want more volume. Remember
what I was saying about more volume,
more intent, etc. We want more volume.
We'll click next. Stay up tod date.
Now, this is the headline of the form. I
don't want their name. I just want their
email. That's it.
Where can we send this free newsletter?
That's it. Next. All right. Now,
Facebook wants to see a privacy policy.
I can add one to the website. I don't
want to wait, right? It's dumb. So, I'm
just going to find a random privacy
policy from the internet and link that
because the amount of people that will
actually click and read that is exactly
zero. So, after I get their email, I'm
going to go ahead and forward them to my
website to the Roswell Dispatch. So,
I'll go over here. I'll copy the domain
name. Go back here. Link. View website.
Okay. Create form. All right. [sighs]

[28:00]
Okay. Create form. All right. [sighs]
This is the most plain, boring, ugly
form you've ever seen. So, if this
works, anything will work. Now,
tracking. If we were sending people to
our website to get their emails, we
would want to set up tracking. Beehive
allows you to do that very seamlessly,
but we're not going to worry about it
right now. We're going to hit publish.
And guys, like we're already published.
So,
let's say we want to see how these are
looking. We're going to check the box.
And it's going to take a little bit to
get approved in draft processing, etc.
Now, while we wait for these first
subscribers to come in, we are going to
go ahead and write our freaking
newsletter. Let's go back to Chad GPT.
I'm going to ask it, what are some of
the coolest places and restaurants in
Roswell? Now, while I do some research
on what to write about in this
newsletter, I'm going to go look at my
friend's newsletter. He is in Annapolis,
Maryland. It's called the Naptown Scoop,
and it's an awesome newsletter. Of
course, it's it's hosted on Beehive. And
I just want to look at some of his

[29:00]
I just want to look at some of his
recent additions. What do they look
like? First of all, he's got a sponsor
up here, which means he's making money.
Got some news here. Another ad,
announcements from local businesses.
Now, we do want a welcome newsletter.
This is going to be the first thing that
people see when they subscribe to us.
So, I'm going to have JGP write it for
us. So, to add that, we're going to go
back to Beehive. We're going to click on
settings.
We're going to go to emails,
welcome email, configure, welcome email.
Now, hey there, thanks for popping in.
You're just showing the only yada yada
yada. Here's what you hear from us every
week. I don't know why it's all
lowercase. I think I told chatt to write
about to write like that. I can't
remember. Subject line, hey.
Preview text is welcome. Author
doesn't matter. Click save. Now,
everyone that joins the Roswell dispatch
is going to get that welcome email. And
yes, I can make the design super pretty,

[30:02]
yes, I can make the design super pretty,
but I'm not going to worry about it
right now. Make sure it's turned on. We
don't want double opt-in. That means
they have to confirm their email address
after subscribing. Reply to email
address. We want to make this personal.
So, my name will be the sender name for
these emails.
And boom, we've got a local newsletter.
Now, let's write our first post. We're
going to go start writing. We're going
to go back to the community pulse
template that we chose. I don't like
images at the top of my emails unless
it's an ad that I'm being paid for.
We're going to say,
"Here's what's happening this week." I
mean, all of you design freaks, you're
going to be cringing at this email cuz
it's not going to be good. But that's
not the point. That's not the point of
this video. We're just trying to get
started. Okay. Now, let's just pretend
this is the email we're going to send
for now. I'm going to show you some cool
ways that you can grow your newsletter
within Behive without even having to use
Facebook ads. You can use
recommendations where you can recommend

[31:00]
recommendations where you can recommend
other newsletters and in exchange they
will recommend you. So, basically after
someone subscribes to you, you will say,
"Hey, check out these newsletters."
Other people will do that to you as
well. It's like a marketplace or a
network of newsletters helping other
newsletters, which is awesome. You can
do boost where let's say there's an
Albuquerque newsletter, okay? And after
someone subscribes to the Albuquerque
newsletter, it says, "Hey, do you want
to also subscribe to the Roswell
Dispatch?" And if they click yes, then
the owner of the Albuquerque newsletter
will be paid and you will pay them. It's
a way of acquiring newsletter
subscribers that doesn't rely on
Facebook ads. It is basically just like
recommendations except it's paytoplay
referral program, right? You can have a
little widget at the bottom of your
email that says, "Hey, if you refer five
people to the Roswell Dispatch, I'll
send you a bumper sticker or I'll give
you a coupon code to Mary's Diner."
Referral programs are huge. My tip here,
have your lowest threshold be one email
referred, right? Not five, but one, cuz
that's attainable to everyone. And maybe
they get a free PDF download of like the

[32:01]
they get a free PDF download of like the
best things to do in the spring in
Roswell. Then you got magic links. with
a magic link. Someone can subscribe to
your newsletter just by clicking it. Not
clicking it and typing in their email,
but just by clicking it. I don't know
how it works. It's magic, but it's
awesome. And then if you want to
monetize, you can use their ad network
where basically companies go to behive
and say, "Hey, we love local
newsletters. We've got a presence in
Roswell. Find us someone with a local
newsletter in Roswell and they can put
our ad in there and for everyone that
clicks it or for everyone that sees it,
we'll pay them X dollars or cents." Then
they've got boost, which is basically
like you putting in an ad for someone
else's newsletter inside your newsletter
edition and vice versa, them doing it
for you. So this person is paying $4 per
new subscriber.
Pretty significant. And then paid
subscriptions. Maybe people want
exclusive access to events or something
that free subscribers on the Roswell
Dispatch don't get. Well, you can charge
five bucks a month, three bucks a month,
10 bucks a month for people to subscribe
to your newsletter. At least a paid

[33:00]
to your newsletter. At least a paid
version of it. You can convert everyone
to paid or at least attempt to or you
could continue to have a free newsletter
and a paid newsletter side by side. And
then with products, you can create and
sell physical products like that are
fulfilled from a third party. If you
want to sell Roswell Dispatch t-shirts,
you can use Beehive and other thirdparty
print ondemand businesses to sell those.
Super cool stuff. And then don't forget
to use the survey feature where after
someone subscribes to you, they will get
a survey saying like, "Hey, how long
have you lived in Roswell? Hey, what
kind of a job do you have? What industry
do you work in?" In my experience, over
50% of people fill those surveys out
because they're hot to trot. They're
excited to be joining it and they're
willing to put in a little more work
right in that moment. If you send them
the survey even an hour later, they're
gone. Out of sight, out of mind. So, you
really want to capture that right when
they subscribe for the first time. Okay.
Now, I kind of did something a little
more advanced with these meta ads. The
easier way to grow is just to do it
through all through Beehive through
their boost or recommendations or

[34:00]
their boost or recommendations or
referral feature, but I want to show you
everything. I want you to have all the
tools. So, if you are using instant
forms on Facebook ads, you need to
connect those to Behive, and I'm going
to show you how to do that really
quickly.
You're going to go to zapier.com, which
is a piece of software that is perfect
for connecting other pieces of software.
We're going to click create zap. Create
zap right here. Now I can describe with
AI what I'm trying to do and it will
build it for me. But I want to show you
how the sausage is actually made. So
we're going to do trigger.
So we're going to go Facebook lead ads
trigger event. New lead. I already have
my Facebook account connected. You just
do that with a couple clicks. page
Roswell dispatch form Roswell the only
form I have. Super easy. Test the
trigger. Boom. Done. This is an example.

[35:00]
trigger. Boom. Done. This is an example.
Wait, do I already have a newsletter
subscriber? There's no way I already
have a subscriber. What the crap? I
don't know if this is like test data,
but it's showing me I already have a
subscriber. And if that's true, I'm
freaking amped right now.
&gt;&gt; [gasps]
&gt;&gt; Let's go back to Facebook. We're going
to go to the Facebook leads center.
That's where these email addresses are
going to go after people subscribe.
We're going to go to the meta business
suite and you can just Google that.
Click all tools. I'm going to search
leads lead center. Now remember, these
people are not subscribing because they
follow me or they know the Kerner office
or like no, this is not connected at all
to my content or influencer stuff. Guys,
we freaking we legitimately have 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 We have eight freaking leads
already. I'm shocked. Like, it usually
takes hours for Facebook to even approve
your ad. I'm completely floored right

[36:00]
your ad. I'm completely floored right
now. Not only is my ad approved, but I
already have eight subscribers. Look at
this. You can see lead added 659. Look
at my watch. 702. I'm getting a lead
every minute. I'm completely floored
right now. These are not test data
leads. These are real. Okay. So, this is
this is awesome. So, now this is Zapier
showing me recent leads that I've got
in. And look, Suzanne Gonzalez. These
all match. See, Hector
77. Go back to Zapier 777 right there.
Boom. [laughter] I can't believe this. I
just started a newsletter. Like this was
supposed to be for demonstration only.
Okay. I don't even know. I don't even
know what to do here. Okay. Sorry. The
trigger is the lead coming in, right?
Every zap on Zapier, every automation
needs a trigger and an action, right?
What triggers the automation? And then
what action should the automation take
once the trigger is hit? So the action
is add the subscriber to Beehive. Okay,
new lead. Beehive action event. Add a

[37:02]
new lead. Beehive action event. Add a
subscriber. Create a subscriber right
there. Boom. Account. I need to connect
a new account. So, it needs my Beehive
API key. So, I'm going to go to Beehive.
Okay. I'm not just like acting here. I'm
I'm not just saying this for the
purposes of this video. I have run
dozens, hundreds of different Facebook
ad campaigns over the last decade plus.
I've never seen an ad approve this fast
and leads come in this fast. I mean, it
was within 10 minutes. I'm legitimately
floored that that happened. I've never
started a local newsletter. Like, I've
interviewed several people that have I
have a bunch of other newsletters, RV
Park Investing, Business. I' I've had
half a dozen newsletters. Never a local
newsletter. I'm completely shocked at
how easy that was. The ad that I made
wasn't even based on another winning ad.
Remember, I didn't even find anything
that good. I don't know how long this
edited video is, but I've only been
filming this for an hour and 22 minutes.
So, within an hour and 22 minutes, I

[38:00]
So, within an hour and 22 minutes, I
have completely launched a local
newsletter and have subscribers. And I
don't know yet what I paid to acquire
each subscriber, but I'm guessing it's
going to be very, very good. Okay, my
identity was verified. I'm going to
create an API key. Boom. Copy it. Go
back to Zapier. There's my API key.
Boom. Save the key. Share my screen
again. Okay. So, Zapier has my API key.
Continue. Publications. Roswell
dispatch. Email right there. Boom. You
just click that email. Done. Don't worry
about this. Send welcome email. Yes. UTM
source. This basically tracks where it
came from. So, I'm just going to put
Facebook ad. That way, I know within
Beehive where that email subscriber came
from. Double optin setting off. Don't
worry about any of this stuff. I don't
even need to do that. Test step.
Publish. Now, here's the cool part. I'm
going to rename it.
With just a couple clicks, I'm going to

[39:00]
With just a couple clicks, I'm going to
put all the leads that I've already
received from this ad into Beehive. This
is going to tell me right here. I'm
okay. Eight late leads. That's what I
just counted. Awesome. I'm going to
check all of them. Select all. Next.
Send data.
Exit. Transfer.
Let's go to Beehive to make sure that
they're in here. Look at that. Eight
subscribers. Now, I'm gonna make a
segment because I want to know which one
of these came from Facebook ad. I'm
going to create a new segment. Click
dynamic. That means it will auto update
as new people come into that segment.
Click condition attribute
UTM source. Remember, I made it FBA
Facebook ad. Save segment. Boom. It's
processing eight people. eight people in
the segment. The open rate is 0% because
I haven't sent them anything yet. So now
I'm gonna send them a freaking email.
I'm gonna do this. Actually, I'm gonna
go to emails. Oh, I have 10 subscribers
now. [laughter]

[40:00]
now. [laughter]
Holy crap. [sighs]
Now we want to send them that welcome
email. I'm just smiling. I'm just
sitting here smiling because I just
started a business. No revenue, but it's
this is a business now. Now, I don't
think that the welcome email has pushed
yet because these are brand new
subscribers and I just set all this up.
So, I'm going to manually push it to
them. So, to do that, I'm going to go to
automations, new automation.
I'm showing you how to use basically
everything in Beehive right now. Also,
I'm a huge Beehive fan. I've used them
for two years. Please use my uh
affiliate link. That would be a huge
benefit to me. You get 30% off for 3
months. I think a significant discount.
I get a little kickback. It's a win-win.
This isn't something that I'm just like
shilling because they paid me. Like, I
love Beehive genuinely. And you would be
idiotic to start a local newsletter on
any other platform. That's a really mean
way of saying that. I apologize. It
would not be wise of you. I'll say it
that way. All right. So, the trigger,
this is kind of like Zapier. We need a

[41:01]
this is kind of like Zapier. We need a
trigger for this automation is manual. I
want to manually send people the welcome
email. Click activate. Done. Boom. Save.
Now, what is the action?
action, send email, configure step,
create new email, and I'm just going to
do blank draft. I got another
subscriber. I'm going to go to emails.
I'm going to view the welcome email. I'm
going to click edit, and then I'm going
to click write and I'm going to copy it.
Okay, so I'm copying the welcome email.
Then I'm going to go back to the
automation. We'll click blank draft.
Boom. We'll make it purple because why
not? Okay. So, I'm going to click
activate. Now, this is an automation,
but in this case, it's only going to run
if I manually add subscribers to it.
Okay. So, we're a little redundant. We
have the automated welcome email. That
will work great for subscribers coming
in from now on. But for subscribers that
have already come in, the welcome email
didn't trigger because we hadn't set it

[42:00]
didn't trigger because we hadn't set it
up yet. So, we're going to go to
segments. We're going to click these
three dots and click recalculate. That's
going to refresh it. This will go from 8
to 11. Awesome. Then we're going to
click into the segment and we're going
to click this drop down arrow and we're
going to say add to automations.
We're going to click welcome email
enroll. So now all 11 people. Oh, look.
And the open rate is was already 10%
because the most recent person that
joined open the welcome email. It only
showed us 10% cuz it was only one out of
10 people. But now we're going to see
this open rate start to go up. So, let's
go check in on Facebook. We're going to
refresh. And then look at that. Eight
leads, $9. Okay, first of all, I'm going
to pause this ad because it's working,
right,
guys? Okay, $1.15 per meta lead. No
audience plant. We didn't do funny stuff
with the timing of this. This was all

[43:00]
with the timing of this. This was all
filmed in one sitting. The lighting's
the same. My wife's cooking meatballs
out there. It's 7:17. We started this.
We've been recording for an hour 31
minutes and we've got subscribers. It
still says eight, not 11 because it
takes a little while to update, but we
spent a dollar per sub and we just
started. Guess what that means? Over
time, this will get even more and more
optimized and we'll be acquiring subs,
subscribers for 40 to 50 cents. That
means we'll be paid back in full in the
first month. Okay? In the first month.
Cuz remember, 50 cents per subscriber
per month if we're selling sponsorships,
etc. How do you find sponsors? Well,
guess what? The people in your
newsletter are business owners. 10% of
all human beings are business owners.
Okay? So, your sponsors are your
subscribers. So, one day you just send
an email to all your subscribers and
say, "Hey, who wants to put an ad in
here?" You get some responses. You get
them on the phone and you sell the first
out of 50 bucks, 100 bucks, 200 bucks
until people start saying no. Guys, I'm
freaking amped. This video was a banger.
We started a local newsletter. What can
I say? If you live in Roswell or you

[44:01]
I say? If you live in Roswell or you
live anywhere and you want this
business, this local newsletter for
free, subscribe to my newsletter,
tkopod.com. Go to tkopod.com, subscribe
to my free beehive newsletter about
business ideas and I will hold a drawing
and I will give away this setup,
everything 100% for free because I want
you to own a business, to start a
business. So check out Beehive. They're
a great partner. It's a great business.
Please use my referral link and share
this with a friend because you probably
know people that would like to start a
local newsletter. You're the bomb. Hope
you enjoyed this.