[00:00]
The best way to make money is to make
money for other people first. And
there's no easier way to do that than
right within High Level with just a
couple drag and drop templates that you
don't need to invent yourself. They give
it to you. So, in this quick video, I'm
going to show you exactly how to sell
database reactivation as a service to
small businesses. That sounds confusing.
It sounds complex. I know it's not
really. To break it down in simple
terms, it's taking a customer list from
a small business and reactivating them
to drive more revenue or just emailing
and/or texting them to drive more
revenue. And most importantly, I'm going
to tell you how to price this and how
much you can charge for this and how to
increase the likelihood of a sale. I'm
also going to give you a ton more ideas
of other stuff you can sell both
alongside this reactivation campaign or
as an upsell to it for a lot more money.
I'm going to show you how to do that.
Here's an example. I own a tree trimming
business. If someone were to approach me
and say, "Chris, you have a tree
trimming business. I imagine you have a
customer list, right?" Right? How many

[01:00]
customer list, right?" Right? How many
emails are on that list? I don't know. I
got to check maybe 4,000. Cool. How
about this, Chris? What if we using all
of our marketing knowhow and wizardry
when really you're just using high
level? And we email all 4,000 of those
people with a wintertime special. We're
really good at this. Just trust us. And
any revenue that we generate from that
list, you just give us 10% of. If we
generate zero revenue, you don't give us
anything. We'll do all of this for free.
In that case, this is what's called a
no-brainer offer. And since I own a tree
trimming business, I kind of know how
the conversion rate breaks down on this.
And if you email 4,000 people that have
been a previous customer of tree
trimming services, and you say, "Hey,
wintertime's coming. Watch out for the
freezes. Trees are pretty dangerous
during a freeze. How about we come
proactively trim those branches? we'll
give you a free quote today. Let's say
2% of the list says yes, come give me a
quote. That's 80 people. Of those 80
people, you close half of them, which is
an average close rate for us, so that's
realistic. You've got 40 jobs. Let's say
of those 40 jobs, you have a $1,000 job

[02:00]
of those 40 jobs, you have a $1,000 job
size. That's $40,000 in revenue. You
take 10% of that as the agency owner,
and you make four grand just for sending
an email using a template that High
Level gives you for free. Now, some of
these potential customers might have a
hard time knowing where their list is or
even knowing if they have a list. Where
are you going to get it from? Well, you
want to lead with some suggestions for
them. QuickBooks, Zero, Stripe, Square,
anywhere they accept payments, anywhere
they accept emails at the point of sale
register. You can't do this without a
list. So, this part is key. Another
thing you can do with this list is not
just like a one-time bulk reactivation
sequence, but you can set up automations
to where previous customers are emailed
on their birthday with a 10% off coupon
or the anniversary of them becoming a
customer. There's so many ways you can
do this. And you also want to spend a
bunch of time on the offer. Not your
offer to the business owner, but the
business's offer to their customers that
will be routed through you. For
instance, is the offer a free quote for
tree trimming? Is it 20% off for tree

[03:01]
tree trimming? Is it 20% off for tree
trimming? Maybe it's trim two trees, get
the third free. If you don't know which
offer to go with, then you AB test it.
You think this business owner knows what
AB testing is? Probably not. If they do,
they probably don't know how to do it.
You can set all of this up in your
automation because then when you go to
customer number two, the second tree
trimming business down the road, you
already know which offer crushes. And if
your offer crushes for them, then
they're going to love you and they're
going to want to pay you more money for
more stuff. So getting this offer right
is very important. And I'm going to show
you how to AB test these sequences so
you can find out really quickly which
offer works the best for whatever client
it is that you acquire. Capich? Capich?
Let's jump right in. Here's exactly how
you're going to do this. Now, first
you're going to go into your Highle
account. If you don't already have
Highle, you can use my exclusive link to
get 30 days free. It's below. Most other
links are 14 days free. So, I would love
you forever if you used mine. Okay. So,
we're here on the dashboard. We're going
to click on automation, create workflow,
select from template, and then we're

[04:00]
select from template, and then we're
going to search reactivation.
Boom. Recipe list reactivation. Choose
template. Adding template. Done. Okay,
congratulations. You now have a very
complex template that works magically.
And we're only six clicks in at this
point. Now, you still need a customer
list. So, let's pretend that the tree
trimming business in this example had
nothing to lose. So, they send you a
spreadsheet of all 4,000 of their
previous customers. Some of these are a
day old. Some of these might be 6 years
old. That's fine. You're going to click
on contacts. Then, you're going to click
on import contacts right here. Now,
these are not opportunities. That would
be like a lead or a deal in any specific
stage. These are just contacts, people
or businesses. Leave that box checked.
Click on next. Then, we're going to
upload our file. All right. Now, right
here, I've got some sample data in a
Google sheet. I'm going to hit file,
download CSV, go back here, upload the
file here. We'll click next. Okay, now
it's showing me a preview of what's in
that file. This is what's called mapping

[05:01]
that file. This is what's called mapping
the fields. We're basically telling
highle which column should be assigned
to what type of data point, email to
email, phone to phone, etc. So that's
the name actually a business name in
this case. This is just sample data.
Remember that's the phone. It was
automatically mapped. That is the email.
Cool. All right. Street address there,
city there, and I don't need to import
two address lines. So, I'm going to
check that box. Hit next. Okay. I'm just
going to pick a random tag. All that's
important is that I know what it is.
Okay. Going to check the box to accept
the disclaimer. Start bulk import. Cool.
All right. There's the leads. Now, we're
going to go back here to the template,
and we're going to make the tag of the
lead the trigger. This is the trigger to
start the automation, to start the
reactivation sequence. You can do many
different things with this. Tagging the
contact is just one thing. You can make
the trigger for when you move them from

[06:01]
the trigger for when you move them from
one stage of the pipeline to another.
For instance, let's say I want to reach
out to someone a year after they're a
customer. So in that case, I'd have an
automation to say, "All right, Stripe
payment processed, delay for 365 days,
then trigger the reactivation sequence."
Cool. Filters tag added. Real estate
staging. Awesome. Save. Trigger. Now
here, this is the email that we're
sending them.
Subject line or this is the action name,
not the subject line. We can have a
template prepopulate all this. We can
automatically put in their first name
and say, "Hey, contact first name. Be
sure to get those trees trimmed before
the ice storms hit. 10% off if you book
a quote today." What do you say? That's
the email.
And of course, this is just for example
purposes. No attachments necessary. Save
action. Cool. Winter trimming. Now,
right here, the automation will wait
until either they reply or until 1 hour

[07:01]
until either they reply or until 1 hour
passes. Then this next stage down, it
will check to see if they've replied
within that hour. And if they did, then
it will discern if the reply was
positive. And if it was positive, then
you will put a positive reply in there
back to them. So let's say Mary Smith
gets this email. 36 minutes later, she
responds and says, "Sure, I live at 123
Mabel." Okay. At the end of that hour,
it's going to say, "Oo, Mary Smith
responded." And then right here it's
going to say, "Oo, she said yes." And
then it will automatically respond to
her again without you having to
intervene at any point. I'll just say,
"Great.
Please book a time here." And then I can
take my Calendarly, I can take my
highlevel smart calendar, I can take
Tidycow, whatever, put in a booking
link, and then she can automatically
book the time for you to come quote the
job. You still haven't interacted with
this list yet. This is all automated.
And if they did reply but the tone was
not positive then we can do whatever we

[08:00]
not positive then we can do whatever we
can SMS we can email. We can say no
worries or are you sure whatever. Now
over here this is the follow-up sequence
right here. We keep following up. We
wait for a reply. Is it positive? yada
yada yada. And you can keep copying and
pasting these little boxes here to add
more and more follow-ups. That's it.
We'll click save. And then all I have to
do here is hit publish. And then as soon
as I tag a contact with that
predetermined tag, it will start this
automation. And if I want to text and
email them at the same time, great. Only
text, great. Text first, email
follow-up, great. Whatever you want.
Okay. Now, once that's sent and all
these emails get sent out, you're going
to go to marketing. Then you're going to
go to emails, and you're going to be
able to see all of your analytics. How
many were delivered, how many bounced,
how many unsubscribed, spam complaints,
open rate, click-through rate, reply
rate, etc.
super clean and easy to use. Now,
remember, you're doing all of this
in-house. Your customer, in this case, a
tree trimming business, doesn't know
about High Lee. If they do, it's not

[09:01]
about High Lee. If they do, it's not
even relevant to what you're doing in
their mind. And you can send them
screenshots of these analytics to make
them feel warm and fuzzy, like, "Wow,
this guy's pretty legit. He's doing cool
stuff for me." And the magic is not in
doing this, right? This is great. And
this can be recurring, but this is to
show immediate value with a no-brainer
offer, which is the best way to start
any agency. I really, really like
charging a percentage of what you make
for them. But there is a big downside of
that. How do you track that? How do you
know? You don't have any visibility into
them going out and performing quotes and
saying yay or nay or even getting paid
on those quotes. So, it's tough. What
you can also do is say, "Hey, I charge
a,000 bucks for this or 10% of any
revenue I bring you or whichever is
less." That way, you can at least get
a,000 bucks in the bag, unless they're
just completely corrupt and lie to your
face cuz you will generate work for
them. And in some businesses, it's a lot
easier to see if that job actually went
through. Like in roofing, you could just
drive by the house and see, are they

[10:01]
drive by the house and see, are they
getting a new roof? And an email to a
thousand previous roofing customers
might only generate one to three jobs,
but that could be 20 to $50,000 in
revenue. So, it all just depends. I
would also consider doing this
completely for free for them just to
generate value and to get your foot in
the door and to start selling them other
services. After hours, AI voice agents,
mis call text back, review requests,
review response automation, AI
appointment setting, lead nurturing
sequences, building a chatbot for them,
on and on and on. All right, remember I
promised to show you exactly how to AB
test different offers and/or different
emails or SMS to the same list. That way
you can really nail down what in this
case tree trimming offer works best for
tree trimming companies. So you can just
keep copying and pasting the same offer
to other tree trimming businesses and
their customers. Because if the offer
works amazingly for tree trimming
business, A, it's going to work
amazingly for basically every tree
trimming business, unless they're on the
other side of the country and it's not a

[11:00]
other side of the country and it's not a
very seasonal market, etc. You get what
I'm saying? So, in order to do that,
you're just going to click this plus
button right here. You're going to click
split, random split, 50%, 50%, Hey, you
want to add ABC D test? Fine. You could
mix and match the percentages however
you want. You click save. Now, you can
see that there's two sides of this. How
to copy it? Click the three dots. Copy.
Copy all actions from here. Then you
click this paste below. That's it.
You're done. Then you're going to go
over to this email. You're going to put
in a different offer.
Can we give you a free quote today?
Cool. Save action. And what's awesome
about this is not only can you see all
the stats for these emails right here,
but you can even see all the stats for
each individual AB test. Click on this,
then go over to statistics, and they'll
be right here. So you can know within an
hour of sending this email which one
crushes the best. And you can make this
as complex as you want, but in my

[12:01]
as complex as you want, but in my
experience, it doesn't need to be
complex. Simple is better. I hope this
was helpful. Please use my highle link
in the description below if you want to
give it a shot. 30 days free. I love it.
We use it every day. Couldn't live
without it.