[00:00]
One of the most genius ways of making
money is taking a proven product and
changing the form factor. What are some
examples? How about this, this, this, or
this. You may have already noticed by
now that I'm not about reinventing the
wheel on this show. I want to take
what's working and copy and paste it.
And sometimes you can copy and paste it
with an upgrade if you just change the
form factor. For example, vitamins are
fine, but some people don't like
swallowing pills. They prefer a gummy.
Same ingredients, same product,
different form factor. from gummy to
powder, powder to gummy. You want
caffeine? How about in gum or a drink or
a powder or jerky? You get the idea. But
how do we promote these products? Or
better yet, how do we see if there's any
demand for these products with its new
form factor before spending a ton of
money? Because it is not cheap to start
these businesses. Well, traditionally,
you would have to spend hundreds or
thousands of dollars for every video.
You post ads with those videos or still
images. You see if people click on them,
do they like them? And then you go to
the research and development phase and
start to build those products out. That

[01:01]
start to build those products out. That
was still a lot better than just having
an if you build it, they'll come
attitude. You're still testing it before
you launch a product, but it cost
hundreds and thousands of dollars to put
these beautiful images or videos
together that look kind of like this.
But now we have AI. We have AI image and
video generation tools like Higsfield.
Higsfield has been my favorite lately
because you can use all kinds of
different image and video generation
models within one platform. So today I'm
going to show you how to generate
beautiful, gorgeous images and videos
inside Higsfield, whether you're
changing a form factor or not. So you
can use these images and videos to test
a product or a service before having to
actually invest a bunch of money into
it. So, not only am I going to be
showing you how to use these cool image
and video generation tools on Higsfield,
but I'm also going to be giving you some
very specific business ideas and product
ideas that I just love. And I'm going to
save the best for last. And please steal
my homework. Steal these ideas. These

[02:00]
my homework. Steal these ideas. These
are the types of ideas that someone's
going to launch eventually, so why not
make it you.
All right. And I'm going to start with
Nano Banana, which is a Google product.
I have a couple other videos about it,
and I love it. So, I'm logged into
Higsfield.ai right now, and I'm going to
click on Nano Banana Pro Gallery. I just
want to see what people are doing. I
want to get inspired. Okay. Okay. Very
cool. Very cool. Okay. So, let's
generate some images. I'm going to go to
image, create image, and I'm going to
land right here. Now, right here on the
drop-down, we can choose which model
that Higsfield uses to generate these
images. Some of these are Higsfield
models, and some of them are other
companies models like Google's Nano
Banana. So, let's go to Nano Banana Pro.
And I have had this business or product
idea that I cannot get out of my head.
And that's rucking, right? If you don't
know what rucking is, it's putting on a
vest or a backpack with a bunch of
weights in it and walking around looking
like an idiot. I do it, my wife does it,
and has great health benefits. And if

[03:00]
and has great health benefits. And if
you look at Google Trends right here,
it's exploding in popularity. But the
problem that I see with Rucking as a
business is that they all are black and
they're ugly and they're very expensive.
And I don't want to walk around wearing
what looks like a tactical vest. And I
know that women don't either. Yet, I see
them at the park all the time. I'm not
seeing any wrecking vests or backpacks
that are, for lack of a better word,
cute, attractive, great for women, pink,
colorful. Why not? Why aren't they
there? It's because we're still early.
So, you can steal this idea from me.
Here's my prompt to make an image with
Nano Banana Pro inside Higsfield.
Because if we create professional images
or videos, then it provides us with
instant credibility. It doesn't look
like some janky thing that I'm testing
with Facebook ads, which is exactly what
I'm doing. But I don't want it to look
like that to everyone that sees my ads.
Here's my prompt. Fit woman wearing an
attractive wrecking vest made of female
colors. I don't know what female colors
are. Don't judge me, please. I don't

[04:00]
are. Don't judge me, please. I don't
know what I'm talking about here. with
great design on an outdoor hiking trail.
Mountains in the background. Text says,
"Start rucking without looking like a
sniper. Energetic and motivational
mood." Okay, we've got Nano Banana Pro
chosen as the model. It's going to cost
us two credits to generate this. And
let's see what it comes up with. All
right, here's the image. Took about 8
seconds. Start rocking, without looking
like a sniper. Beautiful. Looks real.
Looks real to me. Her skin has like some
complexion to it. It looks like she had
a sunburn or something and it's peeling
off like this is very very realistic.
One problem is you can't really see the
vest itself. So, I'm going to change the
prompt a little bit. I kept the prompt
the same and I added it should show her
walking away so you have a clear shot of
the back of the wrecking vest and you
can see that it's light pink in color.
All right. This is awesome. This is
awesome. You can't see her face. It
still looks realistic. You see more of
the trail. There's no quotations in the
text which I prefer. You got different

[05:00]
text which I prefer. You got different
colors in there. It's a pink backpack.
It's cute. Start wrecking without
looking like a sniper. And it looks like
there's even a Lululemon logo on her
leggings. So, I love it, man. I This
makes me want to start a wrecking
business and use this exact ad. Like,
this is good. This is a business you
will see. Are you going to start it or
someone else? It's not AI gibberish.
This could be a YouTube thumbnail, a
social media post, email header. Options
are endless. All right. Now, one thing I
love about Higsfield is you can change
the visual style of the picture. you
don't just have to rely on whatever the
default is. So, what you're seeing right
here is general. I want to see what the
iPhone style looks like because those
are performing really well in paid ads
right now. So, I'm just going to change
it to iPhone and then click generate
again. Okay, here are the kind of cell
phone filter versions. Don't know how I
feel about that back, but uh it does
look more realistic like this was taken
with a cell phone. Let's see what the
selfie filter looks like. Cool. Looks
great. I know I kind of gave Higsfield a
lot to work with. asking for a selfie
and for it to be from behind so you can

[06:00]
and for it to be from behind so you can
see the backpack. But you got like a
fisheye lens here. Beautiful mountains
in the background. It's done everything
I've asked it to do. Let's see if we can
generate some AI videos. I've got
another idea. You're going to think this
is dumb, but I'm a cyclist and I
recently read a study that said that
basically all the health benefits that
road cyclists get from cycling are
negated due to all the fumes that we're
breathing in as we sit there at stop
lightss behind cars and trucks. So,
that's kind of depressing, right? So, I
thought, what can we do about that?
Well, I went to Amazon and found these
nose filters. They're super weird
looking and they're for like flying and
it's kind of like a, you know, co era
face mask except just for your nostrils.
No one is changing the form factor of
this to be sold to cyclists as a health
benefit. They're just selling it in this
sterile packaging like a band-aid. No
cyclist would ever think to buy this
thing. But what if you went to a race
and you got one of those race packets
and you got a sample pack of these for
free? You'd probably be pretty likely to
buy those on a recurring basis from the

[07:00]
buy those on a recurring basis from the
company that sells them. And remember,
because of the fact that we're just
changing a form factor, it just means we
need to go to Thomaset, Alibaba,
AliExpress, and find any company that
makes these and just get different
packaging. We don't need a patent. We
don't need to reinvent the wheel
research and development. We just need
new packaging, which is very simple and
cheap to do. So, let's generate some
freaking videos already. Cyclist wearing
small nose filtration plugs. Street city
background with visible car exhaust.
Close-up shot showing the discrete
plugs. Texts says, "Breathe clean while
you ride. Modern health tech aesthetic.
He's sitting at a red light in traffic
surrounded by big trucks." Okay, which
model am I going to use? I'm going to
use Cling 2.5 Turbo cuz I have friends
that use this for their Facebook ads and
say it's amazing. 5 seconds, 1080p.
We're going to generate it for six
credits. and let's go. Now, keep in mind
that you will have much better results
if you upload a reference image,
something for Higsfield to work with.
So, I'm going to upload this random
image I found from Google images of a

[08:00]
image I found from Google images of a
cyclist sitting in traffic. Let's see
what it comes up with. Now, remember,
I'm generating a video of a product that
does not even exist yet. This is
validation before investment. This is
saving a lot of money is what it is. And
just like the image generation models,
we can kind of change the vibe of the
video. I just chose general, but we can
have all kinds of different aesthetics
here. Smoke transition, I can fly,
firework, animalization, etc., etc.
Okay, so here's what we got. First of
all, absolutely insane that it took a
random image from Google images and
turned it into a video that looks a,000%
real. My only beef with this video is
the fact that the nose filtration
doesn't look anything like the actual
product. And why would it? Cuz I didn't
upload a reference image. I'm going to
see if we can use their team
collaboration feature because I've got
an ads guy that I use and I would love
for him to be able to generate all this
stuff for me and then me log into my
Higsfield account and just say, "All
right, change this, edit that, or make
my own edits and say, "All right, I made
some changes to what you did. Go ahead
and run with those." So, let's see how

[09:00]
and run with those." So, let's see how
that works. I'm going to go to browse
assets, shared folders, and I've got a
board here that my colleague Molly made,
health and wellness brands, and she
generated these images, people rocking.
That looks awesome. It's got like an
avatar vibe there. Looks like she kind
of went with athletic greens and changed
it into a gummy form. And then, of
course, the nose filters. So, then I can
just come in here and say, "Hey, let's
recreate this. Let's recreate this with
some edits or with a different model or
with a different filter. Let's say I
kind of like this image, but I want to
change it to look more like a filter,
less like a nose ring. I would just
click edit there, and then it would pull
up the exact same prompt she used, so I
can change it. I can do whatever I want.
I can upload references, etc. And what's
really cool is if I click into her
image, and I hover over the image,
you'll see this little chat bubble.
Click on that. You click on the very,
very specific part of the image you want
to change and say, "Hey, let's make this
look more like a filter, less like a
nose ring, lol." Hit enter. and then she
will immediately see in real time the
chat bubble. She'll be able to open it

[10:00]
chat bubble. She'll be able to open it
and see what I said there and she can
comment back. That way you're not
hopping back and forth between Slack or
whatever other messaging service you
use. So, let's try this now. I'm just
going to click this one. Then I'm going
to click recreate. When you click that,
it's going to show the prompt that Molly
used and I can change it. It looks like
she didn't specify any colors. So, I'm
just going to add one sentence to it
that says make sure the vests are both
feminine colors. And then I click
generate. All right. Looks like my
prompt worked beautifully. I turned
these green wrecking vests into pink so
they could be more feminine. And that's
awesome. Looks like they have a version
history in here so we can kind of see
how this visual concept evolved. That
way we can be working on all kinds of
campaigns at the same time without
stepping on each other's feet. All
right. Now, I want to see how
frictionlessly I can convert these
videos andor pictures into ads. So, they
have this feature here called click to
add. I love using this face cream every
morning. Keeps my skin soft, hydrated.
&gt;&gt; Now, let's see if this thing works. So,
one of the bestselling items on Amazon

[11:00]
one of the bestselling items on Amazon
right now is creatine gummies. So, I
just searched creatine gummies on
Amazon. I'm going to pull up this random
brand. I'm going to take the link for
it, copy it, go back to Higsfield, paste
in the URL, hit continue, and then let's
see what it comes up with. All right.
Right now, it's kind of going to Amazon.
It's figuring out what it's looking at.
Now it's pulling the images out of the
link. All right. Now it's coming up with
some brand colors. I'm pretty sure this
is going to be like an entire video ad
that comes from simply just pasting a
URL in there. Now it's coming up with a
logo. Okay. Boom. Now we have a
full-blown product kit. Got some images
in here. It pulled out the brand colors
based on the colors in the logo. Now
we're going to choose the style of our
ad. I'm going to go for luxury here cuz
I want to charge a lot for these. Boom.
Let's generate a video. All right. This
should take a few minutes. See, the
point of doing this is to try to reverse
engineer other winning products. So, if
I think that I could be successful
selling a different type of creatine
gummy, I don't want to start from zero.

[12:01]
gummy, I don't want to start from zero.
I don't want to start from scratch. I
want to use someone else's template and
then kind of make it my own, if you
will. For instance, if someone was using
a best-selling creatine gummy that was
just for the general population, I might
want to take that and unbundle it and
sell it to female ultramarathon runners,
right? or elderly crossfitters. I don't
know, guys. There's no bad ideas here. I
just know that the more niche you go,
the more you can charge and the more you
can stand out. Now, if you want to find
out how much these companies are selling
on Amazon, you can use a tool called
Jungle Scout. It's a little expensive,
but they have a 30-day free trial, so
you can cancel right after you sign up.
This is not an ad for them, but I've
used them in the past a ton, and it's
quite incredible. It has a Chrome
extension and it will show you exactly
how many units and how many dollars
worth of product any given brand or
product sells every month. And so if I
see a brand is selling a million dollars
a month of a generic creatine gummy, I'm
going to take that and just brand it
towards endurance cyclists or whatever.

[13:02]
towards endurance cyclists or whatever.
Now, if I want to post these videos as
ads to Facebook or Instagram, I want
three to five different versions of the
video. Maybe each version is just that
niche that I'm targeting. male tennis
players, female ultramarathon runners,
whatever. The branding looks the same.
Everything's the exact same except the
audience that I'm selling it to. Or the
audience is the same. Say 30ome golfers,
but I want to change the colors up or
change the messaging or the pricing. You
can do that with just a few clicks
within Higsfield.
&gt;&gt; Discover mixed berry creatine gummies.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's good to fuel strength,
speed recovery, and support memory.
enjoy convenient, delicious performance
every day. And
&gt;&gt; we can edit it. We can edit the
transcript.
&gt;&gt; We can edit anything we want about this.
But for the first pass, that's pretty
dang good. So, I'm going to go ahead and
make a couple different variations of
this. I'm going to use simple UGC, which
stands for user generated content.
That's kind of like a testimonial or an
unboxing video. I'm going to see what
that one looks like. And then I really

[14:01]
that one looks like. And then I really
want to see what this viral chaos
version looks like. So, let's try that
as well. So, both of these should be
generating at the same time. I can show
them all side by side.
&gt;&gt; I switched to Force Factor creatine
gummies.
They're delicious mixed berry and each
serving gives me 5 g of creatine. They
make it easy to build strength, recover
faster, and even keep my focus dialed
in. I switched.
&gt;&gt; All right. What I love about this video
is that she pulls the gummy out. She
holds it up closer to the camera, and
the camera actually refocuses as it gets
closer to the lens. You can see like the
sugar crystals on the outside of the
gummy, which is just brilliant. She
looks real. She kind of has that AI
voice, which is my only complaint, and
it's a small one, but she's holding the
product, and like I didn't prompt it at
all. I just put in a URL from Amazon,
and it took everything from there. It
she even quotes the nutritional facts on
the back of it.
&gt;&gt; With Force Factor creatine gummies, 5 g
of creatine in every mixed berry bite to
build muscle, boost strength, speed
recovery, and keep your focus dialed in.

[15:00]
recovery, and keep your focus dialed in.
Ready, set, grow,
and fuel workouts with
&gt;&gt; All right, that was freaking good. I
think that's my favorite.
&gt;&gt; Discover mixed berry creatine gummies. 5
g per serving to fuel strength, speed
recovery, and support memory. Enjoy
convenient, delicious performance
everyday.
&gt;&gt; All right, that looked incredible.
&gt;&gt; Especially right there. She looks very
real. So, I love all three of these, but
I like the viral chaos the most.
Especially if I were selling this to
like the CrossFit community.
&gt;&gt; Force factor creatine gummies. 5 g of
creatine.
&gt;&gt; Just it looks unhinged. It looks crazy.
It looks like someone spent a lot of
money on editing here. All right, so my
verdict, Higsfield is pretty rad. I've
only played around with a few of their
features. The Teams collaboration
feature, the Nano Banana Pro for
professional content, the click to add
feature, but they also have like brand
opportunities built in, affiliate
opportunities. So, if you ever want to
build like a health brand or any direct
to consumer business or e-commerce
business, to me, this seems like an
awesome place to do it because you can

[16:00]
awesome place to do it because you can
test and iterate and test and iterate
much faster, much more affordably than
any other platform that I found so far.
You can find a link to higsfield.ai in
the description. And let me know in the
comments what you're thinking of
building with this. We'll see you next
time on the Coloner