[00:00]
the barrier to entry is a lot lower to
build a business where you're making 10
grand a month which is life-changing
[music] for 99% of people in the world.
I went to a website kind of like a biz
by selling there was a company for sale
and they weren't for sale for like 200
grand and that's kind of one of my skill
sets is researching and copying. I was
like, you know what? I think I can build
something [music] similar to this.
Didn't have a mentor. Didn't have a rich
dad or anything. So, I'm just learning
on the fly on my own. And within 2 or 3
months, that business was doing like
30,4 $50,000. We were probably doing a
million first year.
&gt;&gt; Just want to emphasize how valuable it
is to go window shopping on bisbyell.com
or whatever website. You can learn
[music] so much. It costs nothing. Sell
it before you have it.
&gt;&gt; Amen to that. [snorts]
&gt;&gt; So, I just came across this guy on
Twitter. His name is Will Cannon. You
may remember him from my episode on cold
emailing here recently. Will is an
expert in scraping and selling leads,
and he's also an expert in cloning other
software businesses. He's a serial
entrepreneur, but specifically, he's
built two software businesses doing
millions of dollars a year. He's a

[01:01]
millions of dollars a year. He's a
bootstrapper. He didn't grow up rich.
It's very scrappy, and he has an amazing
story. So, if you've ever been
interested in starting a software
business and you don't know how to code,
and you'd like to just copy what works,
this is the episode for you. So my kind
of story is grew up poor single parent
household mom and dad got dad divorced
when I was one year old dad left never
saw him again to this day we grew up
with little just me and my mom roof over
the head food in the mouth but didn't
have weren't able to have the nice
things so ever since I was a kid I was
like okay lemonade stand I remember in
high school it was like CD burners just
first came out so I was like oh my god
it was Napster and limeware so I was
like my friend got a computer with like
a CD burner I was like you can make your
own CD this is amazing and so I was like
I would sell CDs at school, right? I'd
have like a like a a booklet and I'd
say, "Hey, write down your 10 or 12
favorite songs." They'd write them down.
I'd go home. I'd download all the songs
off Napster. I'd burn them to a CD. I'd
sell the CDs for 10 20 bucks a CD and
I'd make 100 bucks a week or whatever it
was. And at the time, I was like, "This
is amazing." So, I've always been an
entrepreneur from the start. Had a
couple jobs, did worked at Sears,

[02:02]
couple jobs, did worked at Sears,
selling warranties to people that bought
appliances, worked at worked in a
collection agency. So, started working
at 16 full-time. Right out of high
school, me and my then girlfriend, who's
now my wife, I said like, "What are you
gonna do?" She says, "I'm gonna get my
real estate license. I'm gonna get into
real estate." I said, "Okay, I'll just
get into real estate, too. Let's do it."
And we didn't know, but timing was
amazing because this was during like
subprime mortgage. Boom. Right before
the crisis. So, got into that, got a
license, started working for a company.
First month of work for a company,
selling mortgages. I made that company
$100,000 and I got paid 10,000. I
thought I was the richest person on
earth. like I'm like my life is changed
forever. Like this is amazing. Like I'm
going to work here forever. One day I'm
sitting there. I get up to use the
bathroom. I get back to my desk and he
goes, "Hey, where were you?" I said, "I
was using the bathroom." He said, "No,
no, no, no. You need to be on the
phones." It was like and and [laughter]
I was like, "I just made you $100,000
last month. Like I know I looked at the
numbers like I I made you so much and

[03:00]
numbers like I I made you so much and
like you're like on me like that." And
so and they and at that time the they
were like the owners, they were like
crazy. They had every Rolls-Royce, every
Lamborghini, every everything. And so it
was like, it was like, well, I want the
100K. I don't want the 10K. So I was
like, you know, I was like, I called her
up and she had her license. She was
working for a different mortgage
company. I said, hey, what if we just
started our own like mortgage company
and she's like, let's do it. Let's like,
let's do it. I had a broker license, so
actually I could take the next step. And
[clears throat] so that was my last day.
I called him. I left him a voicemail and
said, "Hey, I'm done." We started our
own mortgage company. And at that time
we didn't have enough money for an
apartment and an office because we were
kind of just starting. So
&gt;&gt; pick
&gt;&gt; we got to pick. So we started the
mortgage company out of the apartment to
start and then we started scaling and
we're like hey we need employees but
employees aren't going to come to our
house like we got to get an office. So
we got an office but we didn't have it
was it was we're struggling the first
few months. It wasn't easy to kind of
build it up. So we got an office and
didn't have enough money for both. And
we said you know what we're going to
just live in the office. So, we're going
to get an air mattress. When the

[04:00]
to get an air mattress. When the
employees leave for the day, we'll pop
out the air mattress and we're going to
sleep in this office. And so, that was a
really difficult time, but it was
exciting though because I'm young. I'm
in my early 20s. I'm like, "Hey, let's
build this." So, I started building it
up and eventually got enough money for,
you know, but the story there, which is
crazy, is showered in a bucket in the
bathroom of our office. We had a
bathroom in the office, stood in a
bucket, juryrigged a handheld shower
device to the office, bathroom, showered
like this was with my girlfriend at the
time, who's now my wife, built, we built
everything together. And so just crazy
story out of coming from nothing. And
then we started making we started making
so much money we couldn't believe it. We
were like, what what you know, just
mortgage boom time. So
&gt;&gt; how are you finding customers? How are
you finding all your mortgage customers?
&gt;&gt; Straight cold calling. Just boiler room.
We had boiler room
&gt;&gt; just literally at that time people were
you know the housing prices were going
crazy you could anyone could get a loan
so you could get a loan yeah whatever

[05:00]
so you could get a loan yeah whatever
any anyone you call someone up if they
had a pulse they were getting a loan so
&gt;&gt; anyone was getting I've seen the big
short I'm an expert [laughter] okay well
&gt;&gt; so yeah I mean really we were just
literally just cold call homeowners that
meet certain criteria we're calling them
hey do you need 100k you need 200k you
have all this equity you know and they
were everyone Everyone wanted a new car.
Everyone wanted a new remodel, whatever
it was. So, you know, it was it was
difficult because it was product market
fit.
&gt;&gt; Product timing. This is what I've
learned going back is like timing is so
important. So, start bought four houses,
bought a bunch of cars, went crazy and
&gt;&gt; boom, 2008 happened and literally went
from we were on top of the world back to
nothing. I mean, back to nothing. I
mean, within a matter of months, we went
from making so much to basically
nothing. And we were like, and we're
done. We were upside down on four houses
that all went down in value 40, 50%. It
was really bad. It was four
foreclosures. It was my cars
repossessed. My prized possession of

[06:00]
repossessed. My prized possession of
time was my S-Class Mercedes, which I
loved as a kid. Boom. Watch the watch
the tow truck take it away. It was a
really, really, really hard time. And I
was we were like, "Hey, we just got to
go get regular jobs. like we'd be a bit
like we we're screwed. And so how this
leads to kind of the story which is at
that time when we were building the
mortgage company we're hiring a bunch of
loan officers and to hire those loan
officers we were buying lists of
realtors and loan officers in California
and we were cold emailing those loan
officers with a pitch to try to get them
to come and interview and come on our
team. And so I had a bunch of lists. I
had a list of realtors. I had a list of
loan officer. I had these lists and I
had people in my office, adjacent
offices to me at the time that were
like, "Hey, do you have that list of
realtors?" I was like, "Yeah, I'll sell
it to you. I'll give give me 100 bucks
or whatever." So, I was it was like it
was like wasn't a big deal, but I was
like, "Okay." I was like, "There could
be something here." So, I went to a
website.
&gt;&gt; Were you just buying these from other
people or were you scraping them
yourself?
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. Buying from other people. Just
buying from webs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I went to a website. I saw on
a website called I think it was called
Bisben. It's kind of like a bisby sell.

[07:01]
Bisben. It's kind of like a bisby sell.
It could be still available today. I saw
on the website that there was a company
called listguy.com
for sale and all that
&gt;&gt; that's a good domain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All that company could be still in
business today. And all that company did
was sell lists. He had a realtor list.
They had a dentist list. They had a
chiropractor list. Every industry broken
down.
&gt;&gt; There's a lot and there's a lot of
websites that do this. I've bought from
a lot of them.
&gt;&gt; Right. So I I thought in my head, hey, I
already have a couple of these lists. I
have some internet marketing knowledge.
Maybe I can buy and acquire others.
maybe I can find some more and I can
build a website like this. So I so I saw
that business was for sale and they were
doing I think I want to say like $10,000
a month in revenue or something like
that. And they were for sale for like
200 grand or something like something in
this range.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And I so I think I may have signed in I
may have not. I don't remember but I
kind of inquired. I started digging a
little bit
&gt;&gt; and that's kind of one of my skill sets
is researching and copying if you will.
And so
&gt;&gt; it's fun too.
&gt;&gt; It's so much fun. I love it. So, I
digged a little bit and I was like, you
know what? I think I can build something
similar to this and let's see where it

[08:01]
similar to this and let's see where it
goes. If it goes nowhere, we're going to
get regular jobs. We're already
applying, me and my wife, regular jobs.
We're just like, hey, if this doesn't
work,
&gt;&gt; can I side note you for a minute?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I just want to emphasize how valuable it
is to go window shopping on bisbyell.com
or whatever website and dig into
businesses. Like, whether you want to
buy it or not, you can learn so much
digging into their due diligence docs.
It costs nothing. Just I'm I'm not
suggesting anyone like breaks NDAs or
does something unethical or steals
proprietary info, but you can just
learn. Like I remember I did the same
thing. I was shopping on Biz byell and I
saw this company that uh it enabled
people to buy shipping like e-commerce
brands to pay for shipping with crypto.
It was like they were doing 300,000 a
year in profit. They were selling for
like 600,000 a year. And I I just
thought interesting like I could copy
this. I could I have a list of ecom
brands like they only have like half a
percent of the market and like it just
gets your gears turning you know
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. I mean you can you can
figure out what margins are in general

[09:01]
figure out what margins are in general
for a certain industry. You can figure
out where they acquire customers if if
they have more detailed analytics. You
can find out what channels are more
profitable for them. I mean there's so
much you can find out. I wasn't maybe as
indepth about it at the time. I just
thought, hey, I have some list. This guy
has lists. He's making some money. I
think I could do it.
&gt;&gt; Fun fact, 80% of the people that watch
my YouTube videos are not subscribed to
me, and most of them think they are.
They see them in the feed, but they're
not subscribed to me. So, please, it'll
take half a second. Just click
subscribe. And it would mean a ton to
me.
&gt;&gt; So, we started a website that was called
the data supplier. So, we started that
we started that website and we were
like, "Hey, we're going to we're going
to buy a bunch of other lists." So, we
had a couple already. We're going to buy
a bunch of others and we're going to
package these based on industry and
we're going to sell these lists. And I
want to say within a short handful of
months, maybe two or three months, that
business was doing like 30, 40, $50,000.
It was just it out of nowhere, it was
&gt;&gt; how were you finding customers?
&gt;&gt; Again, like at that time, it was kind of
gray hat SEO. So, we were ranking number
one for email lists, realtor email

[10:00]
one for email lists, realtor email
lists, every email listing you can think
of. We started ranking number one in no
time from our on the borderline gray hat
SEO at the time. And then we were cold
emailing people. So, we were cold
emailing businesses. We weren't we I
don't think we were cold calling at that
we're just cold emailing and doing SEO
and that just started blowing up. And so
we were like, okay, we're on to
something. We don't have to give her a
good job. This is amazing. And so that
kind of parlayed into the agency. That's
the backtory of how we started the
agency that kind of parlayed into the
agency that we had, which basically
worked with so many customers. Still had
some Fortune 500s, but a lot of them
were small, mediumsiz. They needed a
clean list of their ideal prospects. We
provided that and yeah, that led to that
kind of 10-year run-ish of being kind of
self-employed and kind of just selling
B2B data and doing kind of cold email
and cold calling stuff.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, that's amazing. So, when you say
you were working ton of hours a week,
you were basically just like manually
scraping, manually putting together
these CSVs, emailing them to people and
the whole time you're thinking this
needs to be automated, this needs to be

[11:00]
needs to be automated, this needs to be
a SAS. But it's hard. Like it's hard to
get over that hump, especially when
you're making money. like you have to
make a significant time and money
investment to get there. Then when you
get there, you don't know that it's
going to work. You know, maybe people
want that personal touch, right? What
was the tipping point where you were
like, "All right, we're done with this
agency model. We're going to go full
SAS." Was did something happened to make
you really make that decision for good?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I knew it. I knew it
the whole time because I remember in 200
I want to say 11 or 12. So, I started up
in 2017, but five, six years pri prior,
I knew that that's where I wanted to go.
There was a site called I think it was
called Elance. So it was kind of like
there was like I think at the time Yeah.
Upwork it was freelancer freelancer and
Elance I think they merged or something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it was Elance. So I found a
team on Elance to build the first MVP of
what I thought was going to be my first
platform that was going to do that. I
think it was called Sales Leads or Sales
Leads Plus or something like that. It
was it so that it we had the domain. We
were ready to go.
&gt;&gt; We paid them and they just took our
money. They just literally took our
money. Didn't build a thing. Couldn't
even get in contact with them. Couldn't

[12:01]
even get in contact with them. Couldn't
get support. We didn't even get our
money back. It left such a bad taste in
my mouth and I was like, "Look, we're
making good money. This it's hard work.
It's a lot of, you know, but it's at the
same time we we can have a life
together. We can, you know, figure
things out." Yeah. So, it left a bad
taste in my mouth and it took another
five years, which looking back like, oh
my gosh, if I would have started then,
but you never know. But it took another
five years for me to kind of get the
guts up to say, you know what, let's try
it again. Let's try it again. And so I
remember trying it again because the
other one was going to be B2B and B2C
data. At the time there was a company
called Sales Genie owned by Info USA.
They had both B2B and TC.
&gt;&gt; And so the second time around I was like
no no no it's just B2B. Let's focus on
B2B. Let's get away from the B TOC. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, it just took it took time for us
to for me to want to pull the trigger.
Obviously that back that back that back
five or six years we accumulated a lot
more money or we had a lot more assets.
So it's a little bit easier of a swing.
Hey, if this doesn't go well, it's not
doesn't wipe out everything we have.
That's kind of what happened. And it was
it it was also just the the hours of

[13:00]
it it was also just the the hours of
just like, hey, I remember like Sunday
Sunday nights I was like I had 100
emails. So I was like, I'm draft
everything before Monday morning. I was
up at late at night. I'm like, this is
just not the life for me. So I was like
at one point I was like, you know what?
We got to just try again. And then we
tried again.
&gt;&gt; Well, necessity is the mother of
invention, right? like you pushed
yourself to the limit and that was what
you needed to do to finally automate all
this during those 5 years like what were
you making in profit per year uh with
the agency model?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was probably depends on
the year. Some years are better than
others but it was probably high six low
seven figures.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; For those years
&gt;&gt; really good living
&gt;&gt; in profit. Yeah, really good living but
nothing too crazy. I mean we're in
Southern California and Costa is crazy
but yeah still really good living. I
could have just done it forever. I you
know it wouldn't have been a it's still
not a bad business to this day. People
can do that and start with that. So good
living. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, how were you ensuring or were you
ensuring that people weren't getting the
same leads or like that the same leads
weren't being hit up a thousand times,

[14:01]
weren't being hit up a thousand times,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There was no insurance and that
was that that was the great part of it
is like, hey, if I have a list of
realtors and let's say I verified that
list and it's fairly valid, right?
Customer A comes today, customer B comes
tomorrow, customer C comes on Thursday.
it. You're selling the same list over
and over, especially if they want to at
that time a bigger bulk list, right? So,
that's the beauty of it. You're you have
a oneten cost to create it or build it.
You have some small cost ongoing going
to keep it as accurate as possible at
that time. You're reselling it over and
over and over and over to, you know, to
to however many people. If a 100 people
come to your door tomorrow to buy it,
you're reselling the same thing 100
times. It's a digital file. You upload
it. You send a link. It was hard, but it
wasn't because there's also a lot of
people that came. They don't want just
every realtor. They want something very
specific. So, I'm manually manipulating
CSVs. I had a team build a software to
try to do it as where I can do it as
best as I can, but you're joining files
together. You're appending data where
it's like, hey, I have these fields, but
now I want to add a phone number, add an
email, add a date of birth, add a
whatever. So, there's a lot of

[15:00]
whatever. So, there's a lot of
intricacies to building out strong lists
and then keeping them clean is the
harder part and that takes a lot of time
and effort.
&gt;&gt; Were you continually like revalidating
the phone numbers and the emails or No.
Yeah, the emails, yeah, which are easier
to verify and they have a smaller cost
to verify versus phones. Phones, we had
a call center in the Philippines where
we take a subset of the list. Let's say
the list is 10,000 people. We take maybe
500, randomize it. So, randomize 500,
send it to the call center in the
Philippines. They would hand manually
hand dial every person and give us a
disposition report and that gave us a
rough estimate of what that full list
would look like in terms of accuracy.
And so, we want to have a certain
threshold there as far as number of
disconnects, number of wrong number,
wrong person, etc. But yeah, I mean
verifying phone numbers is a little
harder.
&gt;&gt; Now, what let's just say theoretically
you have a list of 10,000 realtors. What
did it cost you to acquire that list?
And what were you selling something like
like that for?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, next to nothing. I mean, at that I
got sophisticated enough where I had
relationships with so many people in the
industry. I could get a I could get a

[16:00]
industry. I could get a I could get a
list of and still can probably of every
consumer in the US with just about every
data point minus, you know, maybe a few,
but like literally like your name, your
date of birth, your address, all your
interests and hobbies, your phone
number, and I can, you know, 200, 300
million consumers for like a thousand
bucks, like because of the relationships
I had. So like literally next to
nothing. So, you're buying your realtor
list for $100 or some small amount and
then you can resell that same thing for
that same amount 20 times or infinity
amount of times.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And what would you sell them for?
Like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; per lead or like
&gt;&gt; we kind of try to double it. So, I ran a
company where So, me and my wife were
running this. So, she had her own
company and I had my own company. I had
a company where I'd sell in bulk. So,
I'd say it's a realtor list. Every
realtor in the US 500 bucks. You want
California list? It's 200 bucks. some
just bulk list.
&gt;&gt; She'd have a business where she's
selling on a per lead model.
&gt;&gt; So it could be anywhere from 50 cents to

[17:00]
&gt;&gt; So it could be anywhere from 50 cents to
&gt;&gt; Yeah. retail and wholesale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, and people would come to
her and come to me, the same person.
They'd say, "I want this." And then next
week, they'd go to her, right? So, she
had her own business that was selling on
a per cent, per cents per lead,
depending on quantity and type and
everything else. And I'd have a bulk
one. And um so, we both would we'd hit
them from both ends. People need to
understand like I've purchased realtor
lists a dozen times for you know I've
launched 80 businesses right so
sometimes I want to cold email them cold
call them cold text them sometimes
Bismar in North Dakota sometimes
everyone in California most I would I
would reckon that most people that buy
these lists from you never end up even
reaching out to a lot of them if not
most of them if not any of them right
because like the initiative dies down or
they they can't figure out the cold
email software or they lose steam like
so it's not like if you sell a list 100
times, those hundred realtors are are
each getting beat up a h 100red times.
That's it usually doesn't work like
that, right?
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. I mean, we still see that to
this day where, you know,
&gt;&gt; there's a lot more to the list that goes

[18:02]
&gt;&gt; there's a lot more to the list that goes
into a a successful outbound sales
campaign, right?
&gt;&gt; It's the messaging, it's the timing, is
it did they have intent? Is there's all
these other factors. It's how you're
sending, it's your product or service,
like there's, you know, are you
targeting the right ICP? so many factors
that go into this that yeah I mean most
of the smaller SMBs or mom and pop shops
aren't successful with these type of
campaigns and so there's a lot of
factors that go into it for sure.
&gt;&gt; Now I know that you got tempted to start
another agency to like actually do the
outbound for these guys. Did did you
ever get tempted to do that or did you
do that
&gt;&gt; within the agency? We did. We so we so
we we did some cold email stuff. We did
some cold calling stuff. You know, it's
more work and we found with there was
enough revenue on just providing the
list itself
&gt;&gt; that we didn't need to Yeah. It was like
I was going to hire have to hire these
people and do all this extra work and
then
&gt;&gt; email servers and deliverability and
there's all these things that go into
it. And I mean I have some friends now
that do done for you cold email and it's

[19:00]
that do done for you cold email and it's
like you know if you do it right and
you're and you're on top of your game
you can there's your own 100% there's a
business in itself right there that
anyone can start but yeah we just found
there's enough money on the on the B on
the side B2B data side we can just focus
here we don't need to go and add all
these extra things into it. Yeah, I mean
I remember I paid a guy on Upwork one or
two thousand bucks to build my own
custom bulk texting software built on
Twilio. And then I paid another guy in
Turkey to scrape Zillow every single
morning for for sale by owner listings
to get their phone numbers cuz that that
was like the owner's cell phone number
on the Zillow listing if it was a FSBO,
right? And then I would bulk text all of
them every morning and and I would take
the Z estimate and then I would subtract
like 40% from it and just say hey I see
your house is listed for 100,000 I can
close fast all cash 60,000 today and 98%
say screw you or no and 2% are like
let's talk you know and like there's
just so many amazing things that come

[20:01]
just so many amazing things that come
from from bulk scraping bulk outreach
like the world is just completely your
oyster. And for guys like us, oh,
there's a lot of rabbit holes to go down
when you start doing that.
&gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. Yeah, that's
amazing. So, what what happened with
that? Did you end up
&gt;&gt; We ended up buying a few houses in other
states that we never saw in person and
we completely lost our shirts and it was
a huge mistake and I'll never do it
again. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I bought this house in Mississippi for
like 40 grand that Oh, I just I've got
stories anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I because I thought about doing
that, too. I thought about, if you want
to call it lowballing, but yeah, I
thought about that, too. Like, hey,
like, let's let's let's scrape, let's
build out a list and then let's just hit
up everyone with a specific kind of
variable percentage down from what
they're listed at or kind of we we can
we can um append some or what we think
the value is and then go 30%, 40% or 7%
lower. And then what's the harm in
reaching out to all these people and
saying, "Here's an offer. Take it or
leave it." And if 1% accept and the
numbers work, boom.
&gt;&gt; Here's the problem. Like this is

[21:00]
&gt;&gt; Here's the problem. Like this is
something that I learned that makes me
short like open door is the fact that
you just cannot replace that local
knowledge. Like if I'm a realtor in this
random rural Mississippi town, I know
that like that house is in a bad school
district or it's about to be reszoned
into a bad school. I know things that
chat GBT doesn't know, AI doesn't know,
the internet doesn't know. Like we think
the internet and AI knows everything,
but AI has not captured 99.9% of
conversations, right? It's not there.
It's not listening. It just captures
what's already on the internet. But
one-on-one conversations are not being
recorded and there's a lot of gold in
those, right? So, if you got Zillow
trying to buy and sell homes, they lost
their shirts and they have all the data.
You've got Open Door trying to do it for
like 13 years now. I don't even think
they're profitable yet. I could be
wrong. Obviously, the stock's going
crazy because it's it's kind of like a
GameStop stock, a GameStop stock at this
point, but like it is just really
freaking hard to buy and sell homes
profitably unless you are a local,
right? Yeah, I agree. Real estate is

[22:00]
right? Yeah, I agree. Real estate is
very local. And one more, you know, you
might see like, hey, home prices are
going up, home prices are going down,
but there's specific local areas where
they're, you know, they're doing the
opposite. So, totally agree with that.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. So, you're printing
money with this agency. You switched to
the SAS. What did like your first three
to six months look like on the SAS model
from revenue and profit wise?
&gt;&gt; I think it was like 2,000 a month, 5,000
a month, 8,000 a month, 10,000 a month.
It just started going. It just right off
the bat.
&gt;&gt; Were you still doing the agency on the
side? So like you didn't turn that off
&gt;&gt; at first. Yeah. For the first I'll have
to look back, but like for the first
sixish months I was still doing that. So
you still had that kind of revenue
stream, but then once we hit till I
think like 10 or 20 MR, it was like that
was in short order. was four months,
five months in. It was like, hey, this
is recurring revenue. This is not
recurring revenue. This is different.
And so, yeah, I just p pivoted all
started pivoting all my time into that.
And we got our first customers through
cold email. We were using our tool to
build out lists of people. We were cold
email.
&gt;&gt; Eating your own dog food.

[23:00]
&gt;&gt; Eating your own dog food.
&gt;&gt; My eating our own dog food, which we
still do to this day.
&gt;&gt; So, you said your first months of uple
revenue, 2K MR, then 5K, then 8K, then
10K within a few months. Once your MR
hit 10 to 20K, you shut down the agency.
What happened after that point in the
the uple story?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, after that point, so me
and my wife still running the business,
didn't have any employees. Obviously had
outsourced dev team, didn't have any
employees.
&gt;&gt; Right now is actually the perfect time
to start something. And you guys know
I'm always talking about starting local
newsletters, local newsletters for your
city, job listings for your field, a
weekly roundup for your hobby, you know,
just taking whatever you know and
sharing it with people who want to
learn. This is one of the lowest risk
ways to build something that pays you
over and over. And Beehive is by far the
easiest way to do it. You can monetize
and grow your subscribers with their
built-in ad network. You can sell
digital products or paid subscriptions
directly to your audience. And yes,
they've even got an AI website builder
and a podcast integration. Now, I've

[24:02]
and a podcast integration. Now, I've
been using Beehive for 2 years and I
cannot recommend it enough. It is not
just a newsletter platform anymore. It
is the entire creator infrastructure. So
don't wait for January. Start now. Head
to beehive.com/chris
for 30% off your first three months.
That's beehiv.com/chris.
&gt;&gt; So our son is three or four. We're
driving him to preschool. I'm in the
car, you know, we're in the car doing
customer support on the It was just, you
know, bootstrapping it, right? And so it
was like, hey, let's we're going to grow
this business. and it's growing and the
revenues are growing. We have financial
ability now to start bringing in some
people. So that's when he started
bringing in people. So he brought in our
first person um customer support. He's
still with us to this day. And so like
we we started bringing in people. We
knew that if we're going to scale this
business, we're going to need really
good people. So then it was about and
this is what most people find out is
when you start to grow business is it
and you know the people are such such a

[25:01]
and you know the people are such such a
big part of it. So it was trial and
error on bringing in people, bringing in
a salesperson, bringing in this person.
Okay, that person doesn't work. figuring
out processes for how to bring in all
these people, how to train them, which I
hadn't ever been in a big organization,
so I didn't have any experience in it.
So, just learning on the fly. So, it
became about people. I mean, but look,
part of it was our timing was right. I
had a skill set to acquire customers
profitably. So, the revenue just kept
going. I think within the first year, we
were probably doing a million the first
year. A big part of that was by through
cold emails, which I shared kind of the
script that we used for that. And there
was a bunch of follow-ups. It wasn't
just one.
&gt;&gt; Tell me about your like e signature
business. How did that come to be? How
did you find customers for that?
&gt;&gt; Sure. Definitely. Yeah. So, so 2020
came, COVID, everything shut down and
you know, I'm here in California and it
was I honestly part of it was I wanted
to test myself. I said I had so by by
then I believe it was three years old. I
don't remember we're doing a revenue at
the time. Maybe we were at 2 million AR
something some small millions of I said
you know what I said I want to see if I

[26:01]
you know what I said I want to see if I
can test myself and if I can build
another SAS company. So I started
looking at what I should do and I what
do I do? I go to G2. I start looking at
all the categories in G2. I said, "Okay,
I want to do something similar." So I
want
&gt;&gt; Sorry, explain to people what G2 is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So G So back in the day called G2
crowd. Now it's G2 and that's basically
a review site for B2B software. So
software companies. So you can go there
and you can see different categories and
then you can go into the categories and
see all the different businesses, how
they rank in terms of people reviewing
them publicly and you can see uh what
people that have reviewed them well say
about them. You can see what people have
given one star, two star reviews say
about them, what they do bad. It allows
you to kind of do some market research.
It allows you to see what's going on in
specific industries. So I went to G2. I
knew I wanted something similar to what
I did with Uple and Zoom. I wanted a
fragmented space. I wanted a big market,
right? So, I wanted there to be at least
one or two companies that are doing that
are worth over a billion and I want it
to be where there's a lot of winners.
So, I looked at a bunch of spaces. I

[27:00]
So, I looked at a bunch of spaces. I
looked at you, you're saying uh like
QuickBooks, I looked at that space. I
looked at a bunch of spaces and I saw
the e signature space and so I thought
that was interesting especially because
of the timing where you can't be face to
face at least at that moment. Couldn't
it's harder to be face to face to do
signing. So, people were sending a lot
of stuff electronically for e
signatures. So, I then I started looking
at the the market dynamics. I saw hey
right now globally at that time I think
it was like this was 2020 1% of
documents all documents worldwide that
are signed are electronically signed.
said, "What? Wait, what do you mean 99%
or hand?" And it to me it was like,
"What the like there's there's room for
this market to grow, but that was that's
that I don't even know if that's true,
but that that's what I found at that
time." And I was like, "Whoa." I was
like, I thought it would be 20% for EI
or 30% or something. Maybe just because
I'm in software, but so I saw that I was
like, okay. I was like, there's a market
here. It's that gap is going to change.
It's going to be 991 and then 80 10 and
eventually it's going to fall. So I was
like, hey, it's a long road here for
this market. But then here's what I did
that most people don't do. Most people

[28:01]
that most people don't do. Most people
at this point, okay, I'm just going to
build a software and test it out. I
said, "No." I said, "I want to make sure
and I'm going to the best of my ability
that I think I have a the ability to
acquire customers profitably before I
build the business." That's the hard
part. But so I started doing I started
diving in deep. And so what I found was
a lot of the companies at that time and
still today were a lot of their business
was from these tools and templates and
HubSpot pioneered this or you know
probably companies before that but
they're building these free tools that
they're giving away and as part of the
funnel of those tools they try to get
you to sign up for their software or
they're giving these free templates
away. And so for the e signature space
it was these online signature tools
where I was like hey I can handdraw my
signature I can type my signature and I
can create like this kind of signature
that I can use for documents and on the
template side it was these contract
agreements marketing agreements landlord
agreements all these agreements. So

[29:01]
agreements all these agreements. So
every company or most of the companies
in this space in that space were doing
this and they were SEOing for for these
phrases. And so I knew at that time I
had an SEO advantage because at that
point I had driven you know I don't know
tens of millions of website visits from
all the sites I've built throughout
through through all this time. I've done
a lot of gray hat black hat SEO learned
a lot from it moved completely to do
just things by the book and had a lot of
success doing things by the book
especially now than for uply. So I said,
you know what? I think I have a
advantage here and acquiring customers
profitably. So let me try this. So found
the dev team on Upwork. Same dev team at
that or sorry well we had a dev team for
the business that uh up we built. We
hadn't brought a team in house yet. So
use that same dev team that we had
originally found on Upwork to build the
MVP for signaturely. I used the word the
company signaturely in part for the SU
advantage of having the word signature
in the domain and I said you know what
let's do it. So built the MVP and

[30:01]
let's do it. So built the MVP and
launched it and the other side of it too
was like hey how do we price this right
the idea behind signaturely because it
wasn't just like I can acquire customer
profitably I can build an e- signature
business it was how do I put a twist on
so at that time I started reading all
the reviews on gio started reading all
the reviews on all competitors so
docyign was the biggest there's adobe
sign which they've now changed the name
a bunch of times but like basically was
docyign and adobe are the two big
companies right Adobe's big docyign just
as e signature they're big started
reading all the reviews on them, bad
reviews, good reviews. The thing that
kept coming up was they're too complex.
It was like very hard to use or they had
a lot going on,
&gt;&gt; right? And so
&gt;&gt; probably because they're building for
enterprise enterprise clients too, but
you're not even trying to do that,
&gt;&gt; right? They have their strategy there.
SMBs, there's a lot of churn SMBs,
there's, you know, they're price
sensitive anyway. So I was like, "Okay,
let's let's build something so simple to
use, so stupidly simple that your my
grandma, you know, your grandmother
could use it, right?" So, and that was

[31:01]
could use it, right?" So, and that was
our first kind of tagline was stupid
simple signatures like just
&gt;&gt; and like we're talking like barebone
simple like upload document, who needs
to sign, no API, no contract life cycle
management, blah blah blah blah blah.
like no it's like just dumb stupid
simple signature it's like the easiest
tool that anyone could use and so we ran
it by a bunch of people friends family
like hey it's like and we kept iterating
iterating got the MVP going and that was
the that was kind of the start of
signature
&gt;&gt; and how's it doing today and how did you
get your first thousand customers
&gt;&gt; we started doing some cold email stuff
we knew we wanted to target small really
small businesses so started doing some
cold email and the SEO as planned took
off and so We had a premium model. So
you can sign three documents per month
completely for free. And if you want to
sign more than that or you need teams or
blah blah blah, more access, business,
branding, blah blah blah, you can
upgrade to a paid plan. And it started

[32:00]
upgrade to a paid plan. And it started
taking off crazy, but from a free level.
So revenue wasn't crazy. Revenue wasn't
like up where it's first year
millionaire in the second year. It
wasn't crazy, but the user base was
crazy. They loved it. And they also
didn't need most of them didn't need to
sign more than three documents. These
were just like mom and pop shops that
were using it here and there. And so we
started growing in users really quickly.
I think we had maybe over 100,000 the
first year or two. I put most of my time
into Uple because that's the bigger
business. So I wasn't putting a lot of
time into this and it was continuing to
grow and it still is today. So today we
have 1.9 million users. I think we're
going to pass two million any minute now
probably. But 99.x percent of those are
on a free plan. They're free users that
use the platform, love the platform, and
the platform. And we get a ton of
traffic. We probably get 800,000 900,000
visits per month to the website. And a
big part of that is the tools and
templates that we built. Those drive a

[33:00]
templates that we built. Those drive a
lot of traffic. Those people go through
a funnel. So, it's not a huge business
in terms of revenue, but it's a big
business in terms of a user base that
loves it. We eventually move to a free
trial model where you put your credit
card. There's a free trial. If you don't
cancel with the seven days, you're
getting your bill and it's a free trial
model. So, we managed to move to that.
It bumped the revenue up a little bit,
but not drastically because a big
portion of these people want the free.
So, we still have free a back like a
back door offer to a premium plan. So,
it's a great business and I always
looked at it like if I build up big
enough one day and I do want to sell,
which I don't I don't want to sell right
now and I get offers all the time. don't
want to sell, but if I did at some
point, I I would have this other
business I could pivot to and put a lot
of my time in energy to and that's
already built, has a base and it has
some customers and so I can then I can
push and really grow that and that's how
I look at that business. But yes, a
great business and great customers and
we're still building and we're excited
to keep, you know, keeping it simple.
You know, we still we have an API now,
we have things now, but still keeping it
very simple and offering the best
support to our users and help helping

[34:00]
support to our users and help helping
them get documents signed and moving
away from docy sign. Yeah, that's
amazing. What are some business ideas
that you're seeing in the lead genen
space? Like stuff that's like tangential
to what you're doing that you think
someone needs to capitalize on, but
you're too focused or too busy to to
capitalize on. Is there any other like
agency plays you see? Maybe it can be
built on top of your software or
alongside it, etc. Yeah. I mean, well,
what I mean, where our spaces going
eventually with everything that's going
on is, you know, right now you're going
into a Zoom info, you're going into an
uple and you're saying, "Here is my ICP,
her title, industry, etc., etc. Maybe
you're uploading some list of domains or
lookike customers, etc., and you're
running some signals and you're
gathering some data. You're pushing
those into systems and those systems are
sending emails or making calls or you're
sending to your reps, etc. This is
slowly getting automated in a way right
you know in the future it's you log into
uple has access to your CRM Salesforce
or hubot whatever you use we know what

[35:00]
or hubot whatever you use we know what
who your best customers are what they
look like you know emails are being sent
and eventually calls are being made on
your behalf and your calendar is being
filled with appointments without you
literally doing anything like you not
even going into a software and saying oh
here's my no it's like just click Click
a couple buttons, close your eyes, and
meetings are on your calendar. Like,
that's where it's going. And it's hard.
You know, if people are building that,
and people are trying to build that, but
it's not perfect yet. And but it will be
100%. You're not going to need to go
have you're pro, you know, STRs aren't
going to need to look, there's still
going to be a space, a market for that.
you're still going to be able to make
cold calls and get into accounts and
it's but things are being automated in a
way that you know they're it's going to
look a lot different in a year or two or
five than it is today for sure. So
that's one that's one of the things I'm
seeing. I also have a a lot to talk
about about that like a QuickBooks
competitor because one of the ideas that
I had was around there's a lot of

[36:03]
I had was around there's a lot of
services in and around being a
QuickBooks competitor that are
profitable other outside of just the
software itself. And these are things
like for example for you for that
business it's like payroll or health
insurance or credit card processing. And
you know what's funny is a lot of times
those other ancillary services around
the software are sometimes a lot more
profitable than the software itself,
right? Because if you think about it,
think about like
&gt;&gt; let's just say you're going to build a
what a CRM for I don't know dentist or
pick any industry, right? It's like if
you have if you created a CRM for
dentist and maybe you use lovable or
curs or something like that maybe you
use uh an outsourced dev team maybe you
use go high level or some other software
and kind of why it you build a CRM for
dentists and you build everything out
for that whatever the industry is and
let's just say you built a business
where I'm giving this software away

[37:00]
where I'm giving this software away
completely for free there's no charge
this is a free CRM for dentists and I'm
making it for whatever industry and I
make it the best CRM possible for that
very specific specific vertical, but as
part of that, you have to use my XYZ,
whether that's my credit card processing
service or my, you know, my payroll, my
health insurance, because a lot of times
those other services make more than the
$100 a month you're going to make per
user on the software. And so, I think
there's a big business there that hasn't
been tapped because as software costs to
create software is coming down, it's in
some way raised to the bottom. And if
that's if that is the case, how are you
going to monetize that? Well, in certain
areas like the CRM area or what even
like a QuickBooks competitor, there's
other services in and around the
software that you can make a lot of
money on and you can give away the
software for free.
&gt;&gt; Guys, I hate to break it to you, but
you're not very likely to actually start
a business based on something you see or
hear on this podcast unless you spend a
little more time with me and with other
people that are doing just that. So,
come check out TK Owners. That's

[38:00]
come check out TK Owners. That's
tkowners.com where hundreds of people
are launching, starting, testing,
experimenting with business ideas that
they heard from this podcast. If you
want to go fast, go alone. If you want
to go far, go together. Check out
tkowners.com. We'd love to have you.
&gt;&gt; You know, I haven't really seen anyone
doing this, right? I've seen like, for
example
barber shops. They raised I thinkundred
something $150 million or worth a
billion or whatever it is. And they're
building the best software they can just
for one vertical, just for barber shops.
If you're a barber shop, you have to
have this. But the thing is, they're not
even giving away for free. They're
charging for the software, but they're
also getting all these other things, the
credit card processing, the health
insurance, the the credit, the payroll,
all the other stuff in around it.
They're building it all in one. I think
there's a big market for building these
all-in-one tools and giving software
away completely for free, knowing you're
going to make money on all these other
areas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, let's break it down real
quick. Let's say you're a dentist and
not unreasonable for a dentist to do a
million dollars a year topline, right?
That's very conservative. Let's say it's

[39:00]
That's very conservative. Let's say it's
1.2 to keep the numbers easy. So, a
dentist is doing $100,000 a month. Let's
just say they're pushing it all through
credit cards. Okay? Let's say today that
dentist is paying 300 a month for
HubSpot. I mean, that's that could be
reasonable, right? 300 a month for
HubSpot. You come in there and say,
"Hey, I've got a CRM. It's better than
HubSpot. In fact, it's a CRM only for
dentists. In fact, instead of it being
300 a month, it's free." Cool. Awesome.
What's the catch? Well, there's no
catch. I just need you to bring your
credit card processing over from whoever
you're with to me. What is it per month?
3%. Right? Same as Stripe or anyone. But
what you do is you just white label
someone else's credit card processing
and do what's called interchange plus
pricing, which means for the 10% of
customers that use American Express,
you're not going to make any money. For
the 80 or to 90% of customers that use
debit cards or other uh credit cards,
you're going to make between like 2% and
2 and a.5%. Right? And so then if you're
doing a h 100,000 a month in credit card
transaction volume and let's say you

[40:00]
transaction volume and let's say you
average 1% you're making $1,000 a month
from this client that like their CRM is
now free. Their credit card fees didn't
go up at all but a small percentage of
that is just coming to you. And so
you're making three and a half times
what HubSpot was making for the same
thing. But it's a win-winwin all the way
around. Is that what you're saying?
&gt;&gt; 100% 100%. And then I mean obviously you
could layer on the other services, group
health insurance, payroll, etc. I mean
it's also a good idea for a company
that's already like an insurance company
or a payroll company or a credit card
processing company. If I'm a credit card
processing company, right, my instead of
just saying, okay, I'm going to go to
this walk in this restaurant, try to get
their business in business, this is a
like a whole another section of area
they haven't explored. I'm going to
build a CRM for restaurants or I'm going
to build a CRM for whatever and I'm
going to give it away for free because I
want their business. So, it's Yeah. I
mean, look, it's a no-brainer. Like you
said, if you're a dentist, if you're a
chiropractor, whatever you didn't
industry and you you have someone come
to you and it's, hey, this is completely
free. It's going to save you XYZ a

[41:00]
free. It's going to save you XYZ a
month. You know, you have to use credit
card processing or you have to use other
services, but the pricing doesn't change
there either. Or maybe in some cases you
have some relationship where you can get
even better pricing there. I mean, look,
yeah, every single dentist that you
approach isn't. But if a small
percentage of those do, and then you're
you're ingrained, right? They're not
going to then go pay for a CRM after
they're getting it for free. And
especially if you're narrowing down to
one vertical and you're and you're
serving that vertical really well. And
there's probably like that's why I swear
these others are doing well because
there's no one that was going after
barber shop, CRM. No one. There's I
mean, there was, but there wasn't anyone
doing it in a real way, putting all
their time and energy into, right? So,
it's it's it's interesting.
&gt;&gt; If someone's listening to this and like,
"Okay, well, first of all, I'm not going
to start a credit card processing
company." We're saying you don't have to
go Google white labelled CC processing
service. I just did it. There's dozens
of them, right? You can just plug into
their system. They'll take a little cut.
You take a little cut. And then you're
thinking, well, how am I going to build
a CRM? You don't even need to vibe code
it. Just use High Level,
&gt;&gt; right? Just use High Level. You have a

[42:00]
&gt;&gt; right? Just use High Level. You have a
three to $500 a month agency account and
you can have unlimited sub accounts for
free. And oh, dentist is too
oversaturated. copy and paste it. Do it
chiropractors, barber shops, whatever
you want. Right? So, you don't need to
build the the CRM. You don't need to
build the credit card processor. You can
use the same service high level to do
the outreach to find them. You could be
eating your own dog food to find these
customers. I love this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think it's amazing. And
but let me also say too, you know,
there's a lot of talk right on X and and
you podcast everything about how and
look, I love lovable and cursor and
replet all these tools. I love them and
I think they're amazing and I think
they're lowering the barrier to entry to
build software and we're in a crazy time
to pay. So things are changing 100%. Let
me just say that first. But let me also
say the notion and this is coming from
someone that has built SAS tools to
compete with really big companies. The
notion that you can just like hey I can
build docyign in 48 hours and I could

[43:01]
build docyign in 48 hours and I could
and I can get to 10 20 million AR. This
is easy. I can I can I can you know I
can buy club this way. It's a lot harder
than it looks to get to scale and like
millions of like let's say 5 or 10
million plus in AR, right? Like look
getting to 100K in ARR is completely
different than getting to 10 million in
AR. And I just want to say that for
anyone listening that you know because
there's people that just think it's just
really easy to do to get to scale.
&gt;&gt; And obviously everyone has their own
definition of success, right? Some
people 10k a month is that's all I need.
I'm freaking I'm I'm mind is blown. And
some people they they want to get to
this next level. It's as someone who's
tried and still trying. It's very hard
because it doesn't take it's not just
it's it's easier to do now because it's
not just the software, but there's
things that come there's other parts of
the business.
&gt;&gt; Acquiring customers profitably, building
a brand. There's all these other things
that you need to do to be successful.
And so I don't want to make it seem like

[44:00]
And so I don't want to make it seem like
it's just easy to do, but it's a lot
easier to build. And if you have a skill
set around acquiring customers or you're
willing to you have a drive to go learn,
like that's my whole life, right? I I'm
learning from reading books, from
watching YouTube videos, from listening
to podcasts, didn't have a mentor,
didn't have a rich dad or anything. So
I'm just learning on the fly on my own.
And if you have the drive to do that,
you very well can be successful. It's a
lot the barriers entry are a lot lower
now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But also, let's not get it twisted
and think that building a $10 million AR
business is just easy and I can build
this no code tool and boom and I'm up
and running because, you know, there's a
lot of talk around SAS is SAS is dead
and you know, everyone's displacing and
yeah, like SAS is probably on a
downturn, you know, compared to where it
was in 2021. But at the same time, you
know, people choose Salesforce, for
example, be not just because, well, in
part because they're the market leader
and sales teams know them. Okay, great.

[45:00]
and sales teams know them. Okay, great.
But, you know, are you Sock 2 compliant?
Are you, you know, for docu There's all
these things that go into the business
that people should be aware of when
they're going and they're trying to
start and compete against a big
competitor. It's a lot easier said than
done, but it's possible, but it's a lot
easier said than done to get to get to
massive scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I just want people to know
that they don't need to build massive
scale
&gt;&gt; 100%. Exactly right. They don't
&gt;&gt; like you just don't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The barrier to entry is a lot
lower. And you to build a business where
you're making 10 grand a month, which is
life-changing for 99% of people in the
world like like that should be your
short-term goal. And then obviously,
yeah, try to scale from there, but like
barrier to entry is a lot lower than it
was 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Last question for me. What tools
do you use to copy others? Like if
you're cloning another website or
another SAS, another business, are there
any like cool tools or tricks that you
like to use to do that?
&gt;&gt; There's not a lot of tools or tricks
that I that we use
&gt;&gt; or frameworks kind of like your
framework of you went to G2, you saw
that everyone hates how complex it is.

[46:00]
that everyone hates how complex it is.
Stuff like that. Like how do you look at
cloning other businesses?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think you have to look you have
to know your angle. Like I don't think
price can be your differentiator because
eventually like I said there's going to
be some software that's free that's
making money on slary services. So I
don't think price can be a
differentiator. I think you have to have
that one angle right whether it's ease
of use or something else but also
everything's being copied. So just be
you know you come up with oh I'm going
to offer XYZ and I'm going to do this
that other people aren't doing. Well now
all the other people see that if that if
people want that they're just going to
do that. So features aren't can you even
really be a differentiator. So I think
at the end of the day this is why it
goes back to building the brand because
what I see most people they have
companies in their mind that are
shortlisted when they're going to buy
and so if you're going to buy XYZ
software payroll whatever it is you
already have QuickBooks and one or maybe
maybe one of your in your in your brain
in your mind and so building a brand is

[47:00]
in your mind and so building a brand is
such an key part of how you
differentiate on the copying side. Yeah.
Look, anything can be copied now, but
the harder part is acquiring the
customers profitably. Do I have a skill
set or a way I can acquire customers
profitably? And can I eventually get it
to a point where I build a mini brand so
I'm in customers minds? And so I think
those are the two areas that you should
focus on. Like look, if you're if you're
if you're building a a QuickBooks
competitor, you can go on QuickBooks
site and you can go on G2 and there's
there's frameworks and things you can
do, but at the end of the day, if you
can't acquire customers profitably, none
of that matters. And if at the end of
the day, you can't build a mini brand
and be in some people's minds, none of
that matters. So I think those are the
more important areas someone should
focus on when they're copying is not
just because you can go on every
competitor's website you can run it
through chat GPT or some AI to analyze
everything and figure things out but
figuring out what your differentiator is
going to be your short differentiator
whatever that may be and then figuring
out and even pre-selling before you

[48:00]
out and even pre-selling before you
build like for example if you can cold
emails you can cold email people right
now before your QuickBooks competitors
build you can run you can start cold
email campaigns right now and see if you
get some yeses. If you get some yeses,
then go build it. Figure out how to
acquire customers first before you go
build the thing. A lot of people like,
I'm going to build this. I'm going to do
this. And it's so exciting and they get
so much hype and they they build it and
they're like, uh, what do I do now?
Acquire customers. How do I do that? And
like, no, just start the customer
acquisition. Run Facebook ads test right
now before you even have it. Throw up a
landing page. Do whatever. See if you
can get people to through a funnel right
now before you even have the thing. and
then go build it once you have proven
out you can acquire customers
profitably.
&gt;&gt; Amen. You're preaching to the choir.
[laughter]
We don't have to wonder anymore.
&gt;&gt; Chris is like, I know this. I This is
easy. It's great. Like, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; no, it's like we we don't have to wonder
if people want our thing before we build
it. Like, we don't have to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Sell it before you have it. Amen. So,
that that's Yeah. I mean, that's that's

[49:00]
that that's Yeah. I mean, that's that's
what I recommend.
&gt;&gt; Will you're the band. Where can people
find you if they want to find you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I just started a YouTube
channel. You can push willon or it's I
&gt;&gt; We'll collab we'll do a collab link on
that.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. We'll do a collab link on that.
I built my personal brand website. I am
Willilcanon.com. Build that. I have all
my playbooks there completely free. So,
I wrote a playbook on SEO. I wrote a
playbook on code email. I wrote a
playbook on Legion. I wrote a playbook
on everything. And it's not just like a
Chad GPT written playbook. This is like
all my 20s plus years of experience
building out all these businesses. I put
everything I know into these playbooks
and they're completely free. Not selling
them. You have to give your email to
download them and I'll put you on my
list. But I'm not selling them, giving
them away completely free. And go check
me out. I am Will Cannon. Um, yeah, I'm
on Instagram, I'm on LinkedIn, I'm
everywhere. Yeah, hopefully people got
value and I appreciate you having me on,
Chris.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Thanks, man. What' you
think? Please share it with a friend and
we'll see you next time on the Kerner