[00:00]
I am here at the busiest and biggest gas
station in the world. Me and my business
partner spend millions of dollars a year
at this store and we resell it on the
internet for a profit. One of the
coolest things about BIES is that entire
economies pop up around it when a new
BIES opens. So, I want to take you
inside the store and give you an inside
look, all access. So, let's go.
7 years ago, there was nothing here. It
was just farmland. Now you've got this
brand new massive HB. You've got half a
dozen different restaurants. All this
stuff is going up and around BIES
because it has that much of a multiplier
effect. It's quite common for BIES
locations to have between 10 and 40
Tesla supercharging stations. Tesla
drivers pull off the freeway, park, they
pay about 37 cents kilowatt hour, and
then they go in and spend $200 or $300
on snacks and t-shirts. These gas
stations will have between 50 and 150

[01:00]
stations will have between 50 and 150
pumps. They do make a profit on gas, but
it's more of a loss leader than
anything. Me and my business partner
spend millions of dollars a year full
retail at this store on snacks and
shirts, and we resell it on the internet
at texasnacks.com for a profit. So,
these Halloween shirts are the second or
third biggest seller every single year.
When we sell them on our website, our
customers absolutely go nuts for them.
These are priced at about $18 each. We
sell them for about $33 to $35 each.
These are their beaver nuggets. The best
seller for us. This is the most popular
flavor. They sell these for $5. We sell
them for $9. It basically tastes like
corn tops. Some people like to pour them
in a bowl and eat them with milk like
they're cereal. All right. So, this is
their barbecue station. Chopped brisket.
They smoke it. And they do millions of
dollars a year in one food. In addition,
they have homemade beaver chips. These
are always fresh, and the Mexican food
is surprisingly good. Now, they have a
couple dozen different flavors of fudge.

[02:01]
couple dozen different flavors of fudge.
When we first opened our business, fudge
was our second best seller. Corporate
did ask us to stop selling it because
they weren't able to guarantee the
freshness since it is a product that
needs to be refrigerated and packaged in
a special way. And so, we always want to
be sure that we are being compliant with
Bies, that we're staying on their good
side. So, we stopped selling it
entirely, but these packages of fudge
sell really, really well, and they're
incredibly delicious. Bies dedicates
about 10% of its floor space to, I call
it, nonBies branded housear and goods.
We've sold a lot of this on our website.
It doesn't sell well. Really, the best
sellers for us are things that have a
BIES logo on it. They have Texas shaped
cutting boards. They have all kinds of
things. We've noticed that we have a
really hard time selling even Texas
branded things that are not BIES branded
things. Our customers want Bies. And
this stuff, although sold at Bies, just
doesn't represent BIES. So, Bies used to
have these selfservice order kiosks
where you could order hot food, they

[03:00]
where you could order hot food, they
would prepare it on the spot, call out
your name, and you'd buy it. But a
couple years ago, they did away with it.
So, now all the food that you can buy is
prepackaged, ready to grab and go. And I
will admit, their food is delicious.
Their smoked turkey is actually
delicious. Their salads are delicious.
Their banana pudding is delicious. They
just do things really, really well. All
right, this is the infamous jerky wall.
Our best seller is Bohemian Garlic.
Second best seller is Steakhouse. The
margins for us are not great on this
because it's already $9 jerky for the
smaller bags, $16 for the bigger bag. We
only marked this up about 40% because
it's hard to justify paying $20 for a
bag of jerky. Now, this part of the
store is where we do most of our volume.
Their merch is awesome. They have dozens
of different types of shirts,
sweatshirts, soccer balls, frisbes, you
name it. We sell all of it in, I think,
six different sizes, plus children's
sizes. But the short sleeve shirts and
the hats and the plushies all do really,
really well. A lot of people ask us

[04:00]
really well. A lot of people ask us
logistically how we buy all this stuff
and sell it. Well, we work with the
store beforehand to place a large order.
They palletize it for us. We pull up in
a huge box truck or a big sprinter van.
We load it up. We take it back to our
warehouse. We unload it, put it on
shelves, list it for sale on the
website, send an email, and we sell
thousands of dollars worth of this stuff
every single day. So, if you see this
giant beaver sitting in the back of this
antique truck right here, I think we
bought one of these and it cost about
$2,000. Yes, we have it listed on our
website. No, we've never sold it. It's
kind of a gimmick. So, if anyone
watching this wants to spend thousands
of dollars on a giant beaver, please let
me know. I will gladly sell it to you.
You can see just the care and the
attention to detail that they put into
designing all of their stores. This
could not have been cheap. This is their
giant wall of candy. They've got dozens
of different flavors. They sell it for
about $4 a bag, which is pretty
aggressive. We sell it for about $8 a
bag and it does okay. You may or may not
have heard this story, but the whole
reason that I own this business is

[05:00]
reason that I own this business is
because 5 years ago, I walked into Bies.
I noticed that that they didn't sell
online. So, I spent about $3,000 buying
one of everything to get By's attention.
It got their attention. I ended up
launching a business that did $160,000
its first month. We went massively
viral. Bies has been a great unofficial
partner for us. We pay full retail for
everything. We mark it up on a Shopify
store. It's called Texas Snacks. We have
a great time doing it. We have a ton of
competitors. It's a very hard business.
The margins are not awesome. It took us
a few years to even reach profitability,
but now we have a big warehouse. We
employ about a dozen people. And we ship
Bies Texas snacks to BIES enthusiasts
and Tex pets all over the world. One of
the coolest things about BIES is that
entire economies pop up around it when a
new BIES opens. Real estate investors,
if they're savvy, can buy land near new
BIES locations, sit on it, and profit.