[00:00]
Hey, has anyone checked in on Craigslist
lately? Lucky for you, I just did and
it's doing fine. In fact, Craigslist is
doing great, but we want to make money
with it. So, that's what this video is.
All the time I'm talking about scrape
this, scrape that. All right, let's go
check on scrape leads. There we go. I'm
going to scrape some real estate agents
phone numbers. Data scraper and I'm
going to say garage door. You just go to
data scraper. I'm just going to look at
RV parks right now. All right, let's see
if our scrape [music] is done. Boom. But
how can we scrape and make money with
Craigslist and what tools can we use to
do that? So today I am going to talk
about this many ways you can make money
by scraping Craigslist and doing really
creative profitable things with that
data.
But first, let me tell you a quick
story. I was in college. I was on
Craigslist all the time. And if you
remember back in the day, you had to
unlock phones if you wanted to use them
on different carriers. Well, one day I'm
on Craigslist and I noticed, huh, a
locked iPhone is worth $300, but an
unlocked iPhone is worth $350 to $400.

[01:02]
unlocked iPhone is worth $350 to $400.
And then I went to eBay and I saw people
selling iPhone unlocks as a service for
$5. So, I thought, huh, $5 to increase
the value of your phone by $50 to $100.
That's interesting. So, I went and
bought two domain names. And you can
still go to the wayback machine or the
web archive and see the original
versions of these sites from like 17
years ago. It was $10 ununlocks.com and
$20 ununlocks.com. And what did I do? I
spent hours and days building this
elaborate scraping tool to go to
Craigslist, scrape every single iPhone
listed worldwide that was locked to a
carrier, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, and
AT&T. And then I would scrape their
email address and send them an email or
a text that said, "Hey, I see you're
selling an iPhone on Craigslist. I see
that it's locked. Did you know it's
worth $50 to $100 more if it was
unlocked?" Just so happens I can do that
for you at $10un unlocks.com. And the
second version of that message was the

[02:00]
second version of that message was the
exact same except at $20 ununlocks.com.
I just wanted to know how many more
people are willing to pay $20 verse 10.
It was an AB test. It took me way too
long to get this kind of gimmick up and
running, but once it was, I was making
money in my sleep. Literally making
money in my sleep because I created an
automation where someone would go to my
website, check out, they would put in
the IMEI, which is like the serial
number, the IMEI number of their phone.
It would send that to a guy on eBay that
I just messaged and said, "Hey, can you
just bill me like once a week? I'm going
to send you a bunch of IMEIs and then
I'll pay you five bucks per at the end
of the week." He said, "Sure." I would
send them all to that guy and then he
would unlock the phone within an hour
and I didn't have to do anything. I
didn't have any customer support, no
follow-up. I just started making 10 and
20 bucks at a time and I was making
hundreds of dollars a day in pure
profit. Now, as all good growth hacks
go, this eventually died and went the
way of all of my other creative growth
hacks. But that taught me something very
valuable, and that's scraping is

[03:02]
valuable, and that's scraping is
profitable. Couple years later, I
started an iPhone parts wholesaling
business. Where did I get all my
customers? I scraped 20,000 iPhone
repair shops. Every single iPhone repair
shop in the United States in 2012. And
then I had virtual assistants start cold
calling them. And I turned that into a
business worth over $10 million that I
eventually sold in 2019. Scraping.
Scraping. Scraping. So, a lot of what I
do starts with a scrape. And there's a
lot of really slick tools out there that
enable you to scrape just about anything
without any coding experience. But
Craigslist was always a tough nut to
crack. And don't listen to people that
say Craigslist is dead. Facebook
Marketplace killed Craigslist cuz
everyone can look. It's still getting
millions of views every month. Just cuz
you're not using it, doesn't mean no
one's using it. So, let's talk about how
to scrape Craigslist with a super easy
tool that I wish I had 15 years ago when
I built this myself. And then let's talk
about exactly what to scrape, how to
make money, how to get creative, how to

[04:00]
make money, how to get creative, how to
do cold outreach to all these people.
So, the tool in question is Oxyabs. It's
basically scraping plus AI equals very
easy scraping for the nontechnical
person like me. Now, they do have some
parts of their website that can be more
complex if you're more technically
minded, but I'm going to go to
oxyabs.io/tkopod
because only there can I just type a
simple prompt and have it scrape stuff
for me. There may be other tools that do
what I'm about to show you, but I've
never used them. I have no idea if they
exist or if they're any good. whereas
this is one I use regularly. Once I'm
here, I'm going to click on AI scraper.
Now, over here in this other tab, I'm
going to pull up Craigslist,
specifically the Dallas Craigslist
because that's where I live. And before
I talk about my ideas, I just want to
start ideating, right? I just want to
start browsing Craigslist as a user and
see what comes to mind. And I'll walk
you through kind of how my weird brain
looks at this. I'm going to start by
going to for sale household. Okay, you
got someone selling a blender listed 10
minutes ago, 21 minutes ago, 21 minutes
ago, 38 minutes ago. You can see that

[05:01]
ago, 38 minutes ago. You can see that
this is very active. This is one of
hundreds of different sections of
Craigslist in just one of hundreds, if
not thousands of Craigslist markets, and
people are posting every 5 to 15
minutes. Now, this is mostly just crap.
People are selling stuff. You do see
some people offering services,
countertops, flooring, etc. Richard
Petty, wedies box. So, that makes me
think, huh, I should build some sort of
an agent that can cross reference stuff
on Craigslist with eBay because maybe
there's some arbitrage to be found. And
if you're not familiar with arbitrage,
it basically means finding something at
a specific price over here and selling
it for a higher price over there. Okay.
So, now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to type in one of the most
legendary keywords ever for any
marketplace, and that is need gone.
Those are the desperate motivated
sellers. Parakeetses bed frame. Cool. A
lot of this stuff is probably free or
they'll pay you to take it like in the
case of a piano. Now, I'm going to
search
wanted. Now, remember, if someone is

[06:02]
wanted. Now, remember, if someone is
posting to a marketplace with the word
wanted, they're saying, "Take my money.
I want to spend money on something." So,
then what you need to do is go find the
seller for that thing. You've got a
buyer, which is usually the hard part.
You need to go find a seller. Why not do
that at scale with an automation? You
can't build an automation until you
scrape the supply side of the
marketplace, which in this case is
Craigslist. Another thing you can do, oh
man, this is giving me all kinds of
ideas, is find both the buyers and the
sellers on Craigslist. This guy right
here, small and large motorcycles wanted
in any condition. So, this guy's wanting
to pay money for small and large
motorcycles. Why? He probably flips
them. Cool. Will he pay you to source
them for him? most likely, especially if
he can still make a profit on his flip.
So, what's stopping you from scraping
and doing cold outreach to every
[clears throat] marketplace you can find
to find motorcycles and to send the
leads his way? Now, you don't want to be
in the motorcycle buying business, but

[07:00]
in the motorcycle buying business, but
you could certainly be in the, "Hey,
every time I send you a lead, it's going
to be five bucks" business, right? I'll
swipe your card every time I send you a
lead. That guy's wanting to buy old
dimes and quarters. This guy's buying
pinball machines. Freaking awesome.
There's just so many little side hustles
going on in here, but I'm getting
distracted. So, let's lock in. Let me
show you how to scrape this stuff. Okay,
so to scrape Craigslist, I want to start
with a active category where people are
actively transacting, right? I don't
want to go on the misconnections or the
ride share or the discussion forums.
Obviously, we're going to the forale
category, not the subcategories,
household, farm, equipment, etc. Just
the entire forale category. We're going
to copy the URL. Then we're going to go
back to this AI scraper and we're going
to paste the URL right there. We're
going to choose a location for the
scraper server basically United States
because that's where I am. Render
JavaScript. I do know that I want to
check always. Okay. And then output
format. I want to do CSV. That's a
spreadsheet. I can work with

[08:01]
spreadsheet. I can work with
spreadsheets. Now schema. Provide your
own schema or generate schema. What a
schema is, I think, is like the output
format of the data. What do I want to
scrape exactly? Prices, listings, the
name of the person listing it, the email
of the person listing it. There's a
zillion things we could scrape. So, this
is where the technical knowledge would
come in handy if Oxyab's AI scraper
wasn't as good as it is, but we don't
need to worry about that. So, we're just
going to use plain old English and some
commas. So, let's do price,
URL,
location,
title,
date, and generate schema. And that's
date listed is what I'm referring to.
Okay, there's the parsing schema,
whatever that means. Now, let's see if
this thing freaking works. Scrape and
parse. Click. I'm going to time it. It's
3:30 exactly.
Okay, right here. What time is it? 3:31.
This took about a minute. There's my CSV

[09:00]
This took about a minute. There's my CSV
data. But is it any good? I don't know
yet. I'm going to download it and I'm
going to paste it into a Google sheet.
So, you can see it cleanly right here in
my browser. Boom. There it is. That's
exactly what it scraped. It took a
minute. And we've got
168 different items. It has the location
as requested, the URL. Done it and it
works. Awesome. the item title, the
price, the location, items date. There's
nothing there. And I bet that's because
that's not what that data point is
called. So, let's use AI, our little
friend. We're going to go back to the
original for sale URL. Rightclick it.
View page source. I'm going to highlight
all of it. Command C for copy. Then I'm
going to go to chat GPT. Okay. So I want
to ask JBT what is scrapable in
Craigslist specifically in the for sale
category?

[10:05]
What all can I scrape on this Craigslist
page? And what are those items called
for the parsing schema? And then I'm
just going to put the URL. We'll see if
it can work with that. Okay, so this is
what it told me is scrapeable. So, I'm
just going to say I'm going to
screenshot those.
Put all those in a commaepparated list.
Okay. So, we're going to go back to
Oxyabs. We're going to go generate
schema.
We're going to paste all those. So, this
is basically going to scrape every
single thing that's scrapable. Generate
schema, scrape, and parse. And it is
339. Let's see how long this bad boy
takes. Okay, 340.
Took about a minute. We'll download
this. We will put it in the spreadsheet.
All right, this is beautiful. You are

[11:02]
All right, this is beautiful. You are
going to love this. So, we'll remove all
the old stuff, paste in the new stuff,
and look at all this. Okay, nothing here
because there's no there's no map. True.
If there's a picture, all of these have
pictures. location, which Craigslist
refers to as hood. Cool. You even have
the timestamp of when it was posted
right there, the price, tags, if any,
the title of the item, and the URL of
the item, which it seems to work just
fine. Now, you know what? Just for fun,
let's go back to Chad GPT and say, "Hey,
at first glance, which of these items
are underpriced? Where can I make
money?" Listen, I have a little soap box
for a second. All of us are using really
powerful interesting tools on a daily
basis. And then at the same time, we
have these awesome business ideas or any
idea. It doesn't have to be a business
idea. And then we start thinking like,
uh, how do I do that? How do I execute
this? How do I start this business? When
we're already using the tools needed to

[12:01]
we're already using the tools needed to
start that business, right? Like, huh, I
really want to start a business where I
buy an excavator and rent it out, but
how am I going to find customers? I got
to learn Facebook ads. Huh? I just don't
I don't know how. Dude, you're already
using Facebook Marketplace to replace
the couch that your kids ruined in the
game room. That's a very powerful tool.
Why not use that tool to find customers
for your new excavator rental business,
right? Like, we need to connect the
dots. And so, I'm over here thinking
like, how can I make money with scraped
Craigslist data while using ChatGpt to
help me scrape the Craigslist data? Not
even thinking, oh, I should use Chat GBT
to give me ideas of how to make money
with scraped Craigslist data. So, I'm
just going to copy the exact columns of
the price and the item title, paste it
into JGBT, and say, "Where's the alpha?
What's interesting about this to you?"
And even if I don't like its specific
answers, it's going to tell me things
that help me generate more ideas on my
own.

[13:00]
own.
Okay. Okay. Very likely underpriced. You
got a battery here for 60 bucks. Says it
could be worth 100 to 150. Sony 24 70
millimeter lens 1650 that usually clears
1900 to 2100. So right off the bat I'm
thinking, "Oh, I could just flip stuff.
I could just flip stuff." And that's
another framework. If Craigslist is
dying, it is dying. Like I will admit
Craigslist is dying. Millions of people
still use it, but it has been shrinking
year after year. If that is true, then
how can we use that to our advantage?
Well, that means that there's an
arbitrage opportunity. Most people
listening to Craigslist are probably
only listening to Craigslist because
they're not on Facebook much. They don't
have the Facebook app on their phone.
Like I don't want to say they're not on
Facebook because everyone's on Facebook,
but they just don't think to use
Facebook marketplace. Just like I don't
think to connect certain tools to
certain ideas. We're human, right? We're
flawed. And so if a large percentage of
these people are only posting their item
to Craigslist, but there aren't enough
people looking for or at their item on

[14:01]
people looking for or at their item on
Craigslist, then that means it's
probably underpriced. Because what does
economics 101 tell us? High supply plus
low demand equals low price. So that
could be an entire business just buying
stuff from Craigslist and then selling
that same stuff without adding value to
it or improving it on Facebook
Marketplace. That's like the lowest
hanging fruit without any sexy apps or
automations or having to do cold
outreach just piggybacking on these
giant tech companies to find all the
customers for us. And when someone's
selling a Dallas Cowboys Tom Landry
rejection letter. Okay, first of all,
what is stopping me or you or anyone
from just taking all this stuff that we
scraped from Craigslist and listing it
as if we already own it to Facebook
Marketplace? Not in an unethical way,
not because we're trying to scam people
or mislead people, but to gauge demand.
Oh, this Sony lens is $1,000 on
Craigslist. I think I can get it for
$800 and I think it's worth 1,200. Boom.

[15:00]
$800 and I think it's worth 1,200. Boom.
Let's say we get it for 900. We meet in
the middle. Go to Facebook Marketplace.
You list it for 1,400. You settle on
1,200. You just made 300 bucks profit
simply by buying from one platform and
selling on another. This is a,000%
realistic and doable. And people do it
all day every day. It's called retail
arbitrage. People will go to Walmart.
They'll see something on the clearance
rack, 40% off. They'll scan it with an
app. Then they'll look on Amazon and
see, oh wow, this thing is $113 at
Walmart, but these sell for $225 on
Amazon. I'm just going to list it real
quick from my phone and then I'll buy
it. Or I'm going to come back and buy it
only once it sells. So I'm out of pocket
$0. I'm not inventing retail arbitrage.
I'm just showing you a new way to do it.
Free couch. LG washerdryer. Let's take
this a step further. Let's go up the
food chain, a little higher ticket,
right? Because we don't necessarily want
to flip $30 Pokemon cards. Why not buy
lunker cars for $2,000 and sell it for

[16:00]
lunker cars for $2,000 and sell it for
$3,000 without having to fix it up? And
hey, that actually reminds me of another
business I used to have. I built a
scraper that would go scrape Zillow,
which by the way, Oxyabs can scrape
Zillow as well. would scrape Zillow
every single day for the FSBO listings
for sale by owner and I would auto text
them an offer on their house that was
40% less than the Zestimate and 97 98%
of people either didn't respond or said
go kick rocks leave me alone and 1 to 3%
of people would say let's talk yeah I'll
take that it's a numbers game guys and
the higher the ticket of the item the
fewer numbers have to work in your favor
for you to make good money so let's do
this with cars. Back to the Dallas
Craigslist for sale cars, trucks. Now,
let's do some filtering because I do not
want to mess with dealerships. I'm going
to assume that those are unfairly priced
to their benefit and I won't find any
good deals there. I'm going to go to
posted today only because if it was a
good price posted 4 days ago, it's

[17:01]
good price posted 4 days ago, it's
probably gone.
Sold by owner. And look at how many of
them. like 10 to 20 every single hour
just in Dallas. And then I want to parse
this other data like how many miles it
has. So we're going to take this URL and
go back to chat GPT and say,
"All right, here's my prompt. Okay, I
want to parse cars for sale data from
this page." And I entered the URL. Give
me a commaepparated list of all the
things I can scrape such as mileage.
&gt;&gt; All right, Chris, let's run with a All
right, sure thing.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we're going to copy that. Going to
go back to the AI scraper. We're going
to click generate schema. Paste in the
new list. We're going to take the same
URL that we just gave chat GPT. Paste it
there.

[18:00]
there.
JavaScript CSV generate schema. Cool.
Generate schema.
Okay, there's the schema. Scrape and
parse. And I just want to harp on that
point even more, guys. More eyeballs
equal more money. Think of the dumbest
business idea in the world. Okay? Like
pet rock dumb, but even dumber. I'm
looking out the window. Let's say I see
my fence in my front yard. Let's say I
want to sell fencing panels that have
Pokemon characters on them, right? Giant
Pokemon characters on fencing panels.
Pretty objectively a dumb idea, right?
What if Elon Musk tweeted about that
idea with a link to the website? Do you
think people would buy it? Would anyone
buy it? Of course, not because it's a
good idea, but because of the law of
large numbers, which means that if
enough people look at it, someone's
going to buy it, right? Someone. Because
the marketing is there, the eyeballs are
there. Now, similar principle, different
example. Let's say I have a single
family home that I rent out and the
market rental price for that home is a

[19:01]
market rental price for that home is a
thousand bucks. It's three-bedroom, two
bath. My neighbors are a thousand bucks
a month. People across town are a,000
bucks a month. That's just what they go
for. So, how are you going to get more
money for it? You're going to get more
eyeballs on it, right? If you have a
hundred people walk through that house,
do you think you could get 1,300 bucks a
month for it? Yeah, you probably could
because a few of those people are going
to really, really love something about
it. The layout, the location, something.
and they're going to value that feature
more than they value an extra $300 a
month, right? That's why arbitrage
opportunities exist because you buy from
a place with fewer eyeballs and you sell
it on a place with more eyeballs.
Therefore, the price goes up. Okay,
beautiful. My data is scraped. We are
good to go. We're going to go back to
our trusty old Google sheet. We're going
to clear it. We're going to paste it.
What do we got? Okay, look at this. Body
type. Most people don't list out all
these features, right? You can see
sedan, pickup, four-door, okay?
Cylinders, condition, drivetrain, engine

[20:02]
Cylinders, condition, drivetrain, engine
displacement, exterior, color, fuel,
yada yada yada. Make, Volvo, Toyota,
etc. Mileage, almost every single car
has mileage, and model, okay, price,
title, etc., and year, and link. Okay,
cool. Now, this is kind of a lot of data
to work with. So, I'm going to
redownload this as a spreadsheet. We're
going to go back to Trust Deal Chad GPT.
We're going to upload it here.
My prompt, where are the best card deals
in this sheet and why? Be specific and
look at the titles to see if it's
running or not. because if they see a
2010 Toyota Camry listed for $2,000 and
the title says it's not running, it
might not be a good deal, right? Okay.
All right. Best deals running,
flippable, mispriced. 2016 Jeep
Wrangler, 3500 bucks. Title does not say
parts only, not running or mechanic

[21:00]
parts only, not running or mechanic
special. 2001 Corvette, 11,000. 2008
4Runner 6,400. Now, if you want to go a
step further, you could open agent mode
on chat GPT and say, "Cool. This is
awesome, but I'm still not sure. There
could be something in the description
that changes the outlook of this for
me." So, go to cars.com, go to
autotrader.com, and cross reference all
this data to be sure that this is
actually a good deal. And then you can
start eliminating. And then, if you're
watching this thinking like, "Well, I
don't want to get in the car flipping
business." No, no, no, no. Stop. That's
not what we're talking about. You could
take these leads, you could sell them to
car flippers. You could take these
leads, you could sell them to
dealerships. You could take this car,
take the same pictures, the description,
post it on Facebook Marketplace. Oh,
this Wrangler's listed for 10,000 over
here. I think it's worth 12. I'm going
to list it for 11 on Facebook
Marketplace and say, "Firm,
non-negotiable on price." Then you make
a,000 bucks. Also, that reminds me, I've
had another business in the car business
where I scraped car data. It was called
Presto Cars. We would go to auctions,
Mannheim and Adessa auctions, and we

[22:01]
Mannheim and Adessa auctions, and we
would buy cars for people, me and my
business partner Nick. And before the
auctions, the night before, we would
scrape all the auction data and find
alpha, which of these cars are probably
mispriced based on previous auction sale
results. So, I hope this stuff gets you
as excited as it gets me. And you know,
a lot of times in business, you see data
like this, you get super excited, and
then you go start launching something,
and you find out, oh, this isn't as good
as I thought. That's okay. push through
that. That's called the trough of
despair. That's normal. You got to push
through that. Don't quit there. Just
keep going. Now, what other things can
you do with scraped Craigslist data? How
about you make a niche job board?
There's a lot of people out there making
a lot of passive income. And you know, I
don't say that very often with job
boards. You scrape jobs from Craigslist.
You populate your job board and then you
drive traffic to your job board. How do
you make money? You charge businesses to
list their jobs. I hope by now you've
realized that Oxyabs is awesome. It's an
awesome tool. They're a friend of the
channel. They have 175 million proxies.

[23:01]
channel. They have 175 million proxies.
And if you don't know what a proxy is,
it basically helps you scrape better
because it masks your location so these
websites don't think you're scraping
everything from just one location. If
you want to use Oxyabs, please use my
link below at oxyabs.io/tkopod.
Also, I neglected to mention their AI
studio tool is completely free for you
to use. If you want more advanced
scraping, you can go buy scraping
credits that are super affordable. I
asked my team to go ahead and implement
coupon code for you guys. If you want to
use Oxyabs, just do TKO pod for 20% off.
This works with both their AI studio and
all of their other products. Thanks for
checking out the Kerner office and we
will see you next