[00:00]
They're not telling you the whole story.
Who's they? Me. People like me. People
on the internet that talk about
business. They're not telling you the
whole story. And so, I wanted to take
just a few minutes to make this video to
help you really understand what you're
getting yourself into with this whole
thing called entrepreneurship. I've
developed a four-step framework to
identifying these downsides to business
ownership and overcoming those
downsides. I call it my grit framework.
Grit T. If you can overcome these four
things with my four tactics, then I'm
confident entrepreneurship can be for
you. But if you don't know what they
are, then you've got a major blind spot,
my friend. And I advise you to not even
attempt it. And if you're just now
coming across this channel for the first
time, my name is Chris Kerner. I've
started over 80 businesses, and I've had
a lot of failures. My businesses have
generated hundreds of millions of
revenue, tens of millions in profit, but
I have had failed partnerships,
lawsuits, headaches, heartaches, and
everything in between. I've seen some
stuff. So, just know that this video is
based on 17 years of beating my head
against the wall in entrepreneurship.

[01:00]
So, what does grit stand for? G, grind.
Entrepreneurship is a grind. And not in
a good way. It's hard. It's dirty. It's
messy. When I see a news article break
about some bigname entrepreneur that
blew up, that had a big lawsuit, I
always try to see it from the other side
of the table cuz I know how messy
business can be. Progress can feel
impossible at times. It always takes
longer than you think and it always
costs more money than you think and it's
always harder than you think. It's a
grind. R stands for risk. In my
experience, it's not a huge monetary
risk to start a business because I start
stuff with only a little bit of money,
but it's a time risk. It's an
opportunity cost risk, which is why I
preach the opposite of focus. Spread out
your risk. Focusing on just one thing is
a risk in and of itself. What if you
pick the wrong thing? Now, the I in grit
stands for isolation. You're probably
underthinking how isolating
entrepreneurship is. People don't
understand. The guys I go to church
with, the guys I went to college with,
they don't get it. And it's not their

[02:01]
they don't get it. And it's not their
fault that they don't get it. They just
haven't done it. And so, I don't have
people to commiserate with. And then the
T stands for turbulence. It is volatile.
Would you believe that since becoming a
full-time entrepreneur, I've had more Z
income years than I've had positive
income years? I'm not joking.
Thankfully, the positive income years
more than outweigh the zero income
years. And I hate to break it to you,
but the financial turbulence is not even
the biggest part of it. It's the
emotional turbulence. It's a constant
roller coaster. Do you know how many
times I've shaken hands on a deal or
signed a deal that was supposed to be
life-changing, that was supposed to
change everything, and it all fell
apart? Like, I could count. I would need
three or four hands to count how many
times that's happened. And each and
every time that happened, I was elated.
I was on top of the world. Even my John
McAfee story, I was sure that would
bring me tens of millions of dollars.
What a partnership. No. And it didn't.
Over the course of two or three hours,
on any given day, you will go from way
up here to way, way down here. And

[03:00]
up here to way, way down here. And
that's every day. It is turbulent. Oh,
but if you're a dad, if you're a mom,
you got to put on a brave face. You
can't let that show. It's not their
fault that you did that. They need you
to be unwavering. And speaking of
turbulence, you ever experienced
turbulence on a plane? Of course you
have. You know what I do? I look at the
steartist, the flight attendant. I look
at their face. I look at their eyes.
Almost every time they're stoic. They're
unfazed. And when I see that stoicism, I
feel safe. Feel like it's going to be
okay. And it always has been. There's
been one time, it wasn't on an airplane,
but one time when the expert in the room
was not stoic. That was the birth of my
third child. My wife was having some
serious issues. And the doctor, I looked
at her and she looked very worried. She
had delivered like 1500 babies at this
point. Thankfully, due to a couple
miracles, he was safe and fine and
everything's great. it. That's the face
you need to have for your family, for
your loved ones, the stoic face. Okay,
but now that we've gotten the grit
acronym out of the way, what is the
solution to all four of those things?
Well, let's start with G. Now, I'm kind
of an acronym nerd, so I made the
solution acronym the same. Grit as well.
What is the solution to the grind part?

[04:01]
What is the solution to the grind part?
It's gratitude. Sounds hokey, but man,
the older I get, the more I am reminded
that gratitude solves just about
everything. Everything. If you're in an
argument with your spouse, try to be
grateful for them, grateful that you
have them, and that annoyance will just
float away. The same is true in
business. Be grateful for the grind.
What a privilege. This is what you
wanted to work on. It's not the
universe's fault that it's harder than
expect, that it's taking longer than
expected. That's just your optimism, and
you should be grateful for that, too.
Most people don't have that optimism.
Remember that there are no wasted
efforts. Compounding doesn't care that
that initiative failed or that that
business took three times as long to get
off the ground. That was not wasted. So,
be grateful. Right now is actually the
perfect time to start something. And you
guys know I'm always talking about
starting local newsletters, local
newsletters for your city, job listings
for your field, a weekly roundup for
your hobby, you know, just taking
whatever you know and sharing it with
people who want to learn. This is one of

[05:00]
people who want to learn. This is one of
the lowest risk ways to build something
that pays you over and over. And Beehive
is by far the easiest way to do it. You
can monetize and grow your subscribers
with their built-in ad network. You can
sell digital products or paid
subscriptions directly to your audience.
And yes, they've even got an AI website
builder and a podcast integration. Now,
I've been using Beehive for 2 years and
I cannot recommend it enough. It is not
just a newsletter platform anymore. It
is the entire creator infrastructure.
So, don't wait for January. Start now.
Head to beehive.comris
for 30% off your first three months.
That's beehiv.com/chris.
Risk, right? What's the antidote to
risk? Reminders. Reminders. We forget
how important remembering is. We have to
learn and relearn the same lessons over
and over and over if we want it to truly
sink deeply. So remember to offset the

[06:00]
sink deeply. So remember to offset the
risk. Remember why you started this in
the first place. What were the metrics
that you originally saw that made you
excited about this idea in the first
place or this initiative or whatever.
Remember, go back to that spreadsheet
that you made when you were hyped about
this. Look at it. Remember those
numbers. Remember the plan. Remember
it's going to take longer than you
think. 95% of the time, 5% of the time,
it's going to take a lot less time than
you think. And that's actually really
exciting. But don't count on that. You
didn't hear it from me. You need core
values. You need a mission. You need to
write it on your mirror with dry erase
marker and read it every time you brush
your teeth. Remember remember your why.
Remember your goals. Remember your
children, your wife, your girlfriend,
your boyfriend, whatever. Remember why
you're doing this. And the I remember
the I isolation. What's the antidote to
isolation? You need interaction.
Interaction with other people,
preferably other entrepreneurs, but it
doesn't have to be the case. Remember,
fear and loneliness are best friends.
You need to interact. you need to
interact with your spouse. I'm terrible
at this. You need to talk to them. And

[07:02]
at this. You need to talk to them. And
if the feedback that you get from them
makes you more anxious or stressed, then
you need to tell them that cuz they
don't know that. I had to do this with
my wife like 10 years in. I was like,
"Babe, I love you. I love talking to you
about everything, but you're too much of
my hype, man." I would tell her about a
deal that went south or that a vendor or
a customer or a partner that did me
wrong and she would get so angry with me
on behalf of me, which is what great
supportive spouses do, but that would
just stress me out. So, finally, I had
to say, "Babe, you're probably doing
this in the right way, but it's not the
right way for me. I just want you to
listen. Just soak it in. I already know
you're an active listener, so I don't
need you to interject with like
follow-up questions. Just let me vent."
Right? Interaction is the antidote for
isolation and turbulence. What is the
antidote for turbulence? It's traction.
Traction is the antidote. Progress,
little winds. Even if that email was
opened, that's it. That's traction.
Cling to that like it's your last hope.
And here's the thing with traction. We

[08:00]
And here's the thing with traction. We
all experience it. We just don't notice
it or we're not grateful for it. Back to
the G. So don't sit there and think,
well, how am I just going to like go out
and like grab traction if like the
market's not giving it back to me?
You're getting traction. It might just
not be the traction that you're hoping
for or expecting right now, but you're
getting something. And the more traction
you remember, the more traction you
point out and call out, the less
turbulence you'll have. Your highs will
be a little lower, but your lows will be
a lot higher. Because whatever situation
you're in, it's usually not as bad as
you think, and it's usually not as good
as you think either. If everything's
crushing it, there's probably stuff you
haven't uncovered yet that will make
your excitement die down just a little
bit. And vice versa. So guys, I know I'm
not like the mindset guy. I'm not like
the big picture guy. That's not my
calling in this business world. I really
like being tactical and specific. But I
think that I underell the mindset shifts
that I've had to make unknowingly. I
wish it was deliberate. I wish I could
refer a dozen books to you to just help
fix the problem, but I think I underell
or I underappreciate those that I've had
to develop over the years. So, I was out

[09:00]
to develop over the years. So, I was out
on this walk. I had my camera and so I
thought, let's put this together and get
it out to the world. And if you want to
fix that eye problem, the isolation,
check out tkowners.com. There's 700 of
us in there building businesses and
we're all going through the same crap.
If you know a friend that's lonely or
trying to build a business but
struggling, which is basically everyone,
send this video to them and it'll make
their day. See you next time on the Ker