[00:00]
Here's what entrepreneurs get wrong the
most. They assume that just because
these huge companies right here exist
that there's no opportunity for them to
create individualized software for the
tens of thousands of industries that
exist. Specifically, software to manage
your customers, CRM, customer
relationship management software. Today,
I'm going to use AI to build a niche CRM
software with AI because I don't know
how to code. And I'm going to stress
test three different AI tools against
each other to see which one is best. And
then I'm going to show you how to find
paying customers so you can get that
sweet, sweet recurring subscription
revenue. So, let's dive in.
But first, how to know which industry to
build software for? Well, I'm going to
use Claude to answer that question for
me. Here's my prompt. I want to build a
CRM for a very niche local or home
service business industry. What are 10
niches in this category that are growing
like crazy backed by hard data? And I'm

[01:02]
like crazy backed by hard data? And I'm
going to use their 4.5 model because it
is incredible. Now, why am I asking
this? Why not just build a CRM for
pressure washers or landscapers? Because
I want to ride a tidal wave. I want my
life to be easier and you do too, which
is why you're watching this video. So,
if I launch this CRM in a shrinking home
service category, like epoxy flooring, I
can still be successful. It's just going
to be harder. Now, it looks like it's
doing research on the pool service
industry, which would make sense to me
because everyone and their brother got a
pool during and right after COVID. So,
now those pools need to be serviced.
Okay, the top four industries. EV
charger installation. I don't really
like that one because I think it's going
to be highly concentrated. There's going
to be a handful of businesses that do
the bulk of this work. And I want an
industry that's highly fragmented with a
lot of solo operators. Number two is
pool service and maintenance. Really
like that. It's growing at 12% a year.
Three, solar panel cleaning. Also love
that industry. And number four, water
damage restoration. My gut tells me pool
service. I don't know why. I'm going to
go with that. Okay. Now that we have an
industry, I'm going to prompt Claude

[02:01]
industry, I'm going to prompt Claude
again in a new window and say this.
Here's my prompt. I want to build a dead
simple but super niche CRM for
independent pool service business
operators. Now remember CRM customer
relationship management. It shouldn't
have too many fields for customer data,
but it should have enough and it should
be clear to an operator in this industry
that this software is for their industry
and not something generic like HubSpot.
Sorry, HubSpot, but they are so freaking
expensive and way too complex for 98% of
business owners. And then I added, I
have no coding experience. Please code
this web app and show me the UI ASAP
user interface what it looks like and
go. All right. Now, let's copy and paste
this prompt across both Replet and
ChatgPT and see how they compare. Okay.
Same prompt at ChatGpt, same prompt at
Replet. All right. Let's go ahead and
start a timer and see which one of them
is fastest because we're judging the
quality and the speed here. All right,
Claude did not disappoint. That took
about 117 seconds, which is less than 2

[03:00]
about 117 seconds, which is less than 2
minutes. It made Pool Pro CRM built for
pool service professionals. I've got
kind of like a fake dashboard showing
how many active pools, aka customers I
have, weekly revenue, monthly projected,
and today's stops. I can search by name
or address. I like that it filled in
some dummy data for me. I search for
John, and I get Johnson family. You've
got tags here. Monday, weekly. So, it
looks like this first tag shows me what
day I'm supposed to service them. That's
cool. Didn't tell it to do that. The
second tag shows me how often I service
them. Weekly, bi-weekly, three times
weekly. And the third tag shows me how
much I charge per visit. And then over
here on the right, you've got different
colors. Red, yellow, green, active,
paused, and I assume red would be
churned or canceled. I can filter up
here just by clicking the day of the
week. So basically every day I can wake
up, open my app or my web app, click on
the day of the week I'm on, or it I can
just code it to show me the day of the
week that it's on because of course the
app can know what day it is. And I can

[04:00]
app can know what day it is. And I can
just see what's my to-do list today. And
then up here on the top right, I click
add pool. Let's do kerner family at 1
123 maple. Looks like none of these
fields are required, which I appreciate.
Oo, it has different types of pools. Six
different types. gunnite fiberglass
vinyl above ground commercial spa/hot
tub because maybe I'm only servicing a
hot tub pool size in gallons service day
frequency. So, I love that Claude Code
just knew what I would need to put in
here, right? I didn't have to say, "All
right, make a field for pool size, for
pool type, service day, frequency. Yeah,
it just knew gate code even. That's
awesome. Rate per visit. Cool. Let's do
$94
per visit. Let's do on call. See what
that happens there. We service them on
Thursdays. It's an above ground pool
because I did go to school in Alabama.
So, that works. equipment. We'll put
heater service notes. Mean dog. So,
let's see if my revenue automatically
updates. It's $94 per visit and add pool

[05:00]
updates. It's $94 per visit and add pool
to roster. Cool. Went from four to five
active pools. Monthly projected. That
didn't change because I set it for on
call, not recurring. If I go in here,
click on the kerner family log service.
Now, one thing that it doesn't have yet
is these records are not editable once I
add them. So, I'm just going to ask
Claude to fix that. Make these records
editable after I add a new customer.
Let's hit the timer. All right, Claude
finished super fast. Let's check on
Replet. Okay, Replet, what have you been
doing? It made a plan for me. Now, I'm
not a big fan of planning. I just want
to do stuff. So, here's a seven bullet
point. Yeah, build the entire app. It's
quoting 20 minutes. Cloud was done in
under two, but maybe this is going to be
a better app. Start building. And we'll
check on chat GPT. What do we got?
Thought for 49 seconds. Here's a first
pass. Okay, it gave me the code for the
app, but I don't know what any of that
means. I'm going to say, show me what it
looks like like cla code does. You

[06:01]
looks like like cla code does. You
always want to make the apps jealous of
each other or competitive with each
other. I promise you it works. Okay, it
looks like Jet GPT is working on my
request. Replet is still building. Okay,
that took about another 2 minutes and
now this should be editable. Let's see
if it actually works. So, how to edit.
Click on any pool. Click the edit button
in the detailed panel header. So, I'm
going to click on one. There it is right
there. Edit. Awesome. And I'm going to
say instead of rate per visit, I'm going
to add a zero and say 1,500. And then
let's see if my monthly projected
changes. It should change by a lot cuz
right now it's $3,300 total per month
across all customers. So, save changes.
Boom. $9,100 a month is my MR after
editing that field. So, very cool. I
love how you can filter by day or just
look at all the days at once. Like this.
I don't know what I would like I
admittedly don't know enough about the
pool service industry to really know
what I don't know, right? But this seems
awesome. Now I just need to add a stripe
integration which Claude Code can do. I

[07:00]
integration which Claude Code can do. I
did it with another app and I just need
to start selling this thing. Okay,
checking in on Replet. It's been 4 and
1/2 minutes still building. Checking in
on chat GPT. We can click preview here.
Okay, there it is. There it is. All
right. I like the gradient, the color
from, you know, blue to green. That's
cool. The tagging mechanism looks
similar. You got a drop down from like
2008. I don't know. This looks ugly. It
didn't show me the preview right off the
bat. I had to ask for it. And I had to
scroll up here to see, well, maybe I'm
just an idiot. There'd be a preview
button the first time and I just didn't
see it. But nope, I scrolled all the way
to top. It's not there. So, like clearly
chat GPT is not catering to the
non-technical founder, the non-coder
like myself, right? I don't know what to
do with this. I don't know what this
code means. I just want to see the
preview. So, including the second
prompt, chat GPT was pretty fast. It
took about 4 minutes in total, whereas
Replet's at 4 minutes and it's still
going. But Claud was almost perfect
within 2 minutes. And the user interface
of Claude code was much better, whereas
JGBT, it's just kind of ugly. Checking

[08:01]
JGBT, it's just kind of ugly. Checking
in on Replet. It's now been 6 1/2
minutes. It said 20 in its defense. So,
what I'm going to need to see from
Replet is something a lot better than
what Claude code spit out. While I wait
for this, I'm going to ask Google how
many pool service operators are in the
US. 79,000 pool service businesses. It
is a growing and highly fragmented
market with no dominant player. Now,
could you charge 100 bucks a month for
this software? Yeah, but let's be extra
conservative and say 20 bucks a month.
Now, can I find a way to get 1,000 of
these 79,000 businesses to pay me 20
bucks a month? If so, then I have like
1.5% of the market and I'm making
$20,000 a month. Not freaking bad. Hey,
let's make it $100 software and it's
$100,000 a month. Our conversion rate
goes down because it's more expensive,
but our profit goes way, way up. Easy?
No. Simple? Yes. Is there a path to find
those customers? Absolutely. I'm about
to show you. All right. So, Replet has
been going for 16 minutes. Didn't quite
get to 20, but eight times longer than
Cloud Code and about four times longer
than ChatGpt. And this is what it came
up with. Not bad. It looks very similar

[09:01]
up with. Not bad. It looks very similar
to Claude Code, but it took a lot longer
to get there. New service visit. I don't
like that it doesn't have the tagging. I
guess it's got some tagging here, but a
different type of tagging. Like I have
to think that the type of vacuuming or
the type of service that you're doing is
not as important or as relevant to show
before clicking into the lead. This just
looks a little more outdated with your
sidebar along the left, black and white,
but it definitely solidly comes in
second place when it comes to the user
interface. And it's still building. You
can see here on the left, it's done
enough to show me what it looks like,
but it's not done done. So all in all,
how I would rank them is Chad GBT third
dead last. I think Chad GBT is like a
consumer app first. It's not meant for
coding. It's meant for being like a
thought partner, which is great for
that. I use it for that all the time.
Replet is in second place cuz at the end
of the day, if the product works, it
doesn't really matter if it takes 2
minutes or 16. But I didn't like how it
looked either. So it took a lot longer
and it didn't look as good. It didn't
seem to be as functional. And number one
clearly was Claw Code. It took under 2

[10:00]
clearly was Claw Code. It took under 2
minutes. It looked great. I needed one
follow-up prompt to make the fields
editable, but that's a win for me. All
right, now the magic question. How can
we actually find paying customers,
especially if we don't know how to build
Facebook or Google ads? We just know how
to Google stuff. Well, all right. We're
going to go over to Facebook, the old
standby. We're going to go to groups.
We're going to type in pool service. And
I know, don't just think like, oh,
you're showing us Facebook groups. I
already know about that. No, no. I'm
going to walk you through how I look at
it and what my strategy would be. All I
did was type in pool service. I'm going
to filter by groups near me. It helps
because if you're able to honestly say
like, "Hey, I'm here in the area." Then
you'll have more credibility and
legitimacy, but there won't be as many
groups to pick from. So, I'm usually
going to look for the private groups
because those are usually more
moderated. They have less spam. Swimming
pool repair and services, 17,000
members. And don't be like immediately
turned on by big numbers because there's
often a correlation between a big
Facebook group and a lowquality Facebook
group. oftentimes smaller is better
because it's easier for the managers to

[11:00]
because it's easier for the managers to
wrap their arms around it. We're going
to look at Texas pool pros because I'm
in Texas. Then let's look at some public
groups just so we can see if they are
high quality. Okay, so we're going to
look around. This guy posted an hour
ago. He already has two comments. This
guy posted yesterday, they have eight
comments. This looks pretty solid even
though it's a public group. I think the
downside to this group is it's mostly
homeowners and not operators. Texas Pool
Pros. Looks like a company called Elite
Chlorine is the admin, which makes
sense. You must be a pool service
industry professional. Awesome. So, what
I would do is I would join one of these
and I would just start asking around for
feedback. Hey, I built this uh software.
If you guys had the perfect CRM for your
business, like what would it have? What
would it do? And you're just like you
you're getting real feedback. You're
actually implementing the feedback. And
then when it comes time for you to
launch, which hopefully is very soon,
you can go back to all the people that
commented or liked or helped you out and
DM them and say, "Hey, thank you for
helping me. Would you like to use this
for free? I just want good feedback. I
want referrals. I want case studies. I
want reviews." And that's your ticket

[12:00]
want reviews." And that's your ticket
right there. Then after a while, A, see
if they'll pay for it. B, see if you can
get a review. C, see if you can get a
referral because they probably know
other pool service business owners as
well. Okay, this group over here, 12,000
people, very spammy, no engagement on
any of these posts. So, I would skip
that. This group over here, no new posts
today, 14 in the last month. So, it
might be well moderated, but it's not
very active. If it's not active, it
means your post is going to stand out
like a sore thumb. Often in a bad way.
To me, it looks like Texas Pool Pros is
the winner. It is private, so I can't
see it just yet, but they have three new
posts a day. It's created six years ago.
It looks to be pretty well moderated.
Another thing you can do is go to Gummy
Search and Gummy Search will pull data
from Reddit to tell you what features a
piece of software should have or what
features pool service business owners
are craving. Gummy search is basically
like an AI for Reddit. It aggregates and
organizes all of their data so you can
find the pain points. Reddit can be a
gold mine, I'm telling you. Another
thing I would do is I would use Claude's
deep research. You just go here, you

[13:02]
deep research. You just go here, you
click the filter button, then you click
the research toggle and prompt it
something like, hey, I need to know what
pain points that pool service businesses
have with their software. What do they
hate? What do they love? What are they
can't live withouts? What are the big
players in the industry? And you can use
that data to build a better product. And
you can also use that data to address
those pain points in your ads to make
your cost of acquiring a new customer
much less because the more effective
your ads, the easier it will be to
acquire customers with them. You don't
know how to do Facebook ads? I made a
video all about that. Facebook ads for
beginners. Look what happens when I go
to Google Trends and type in pool
service software. Look what's happened.
That's crazy. Just this year in 2025,
we're at the end of 2025 here. It
started spiking. It's going up like
crazy. So, this industry clearly is
booming. Another way to find customers
here is to cold email them. Use
something like outscraper to scrape
every single pool service business in
your area. You don't need any coding
experience. You just need a few clicks.
You can text them. You can call them.

[14:01]
You can text them. You can call them.
You can email them and say, "Hey, I
built a free software just for pool
service operators. Do you want to use it
90 days free or 100% free and then get
them to pay later or 100% free until you
get your first five customers. All of
your customers are on the internet.
Scrape them and do outreach to them.
Scrape all 79,000, upload them to your
Facebook ad campaign as a custom
audience, and then Facebook will show
ads, your ad for your software only to
those pool service owners. It's magical.
I hope this helped. Please check out
Claude Code at the link in the
description and we'll see you next time
on the Kerner