[00:00]
So, the other day I come across this guy
named Danny. And Danny went in to get a
haircut. And he talked to his barber
who's very busy and said, "Hey, have you
ever thought about using a voice agent
to answer your calls for you while
you're cutting hair? That way you don't
miss out on customers." And he said,
"That sounds awesome." Danny said, "Why
don't I build that for you for free?" He
built it for him and it changed the game
for this barber. Now Danny builds voice
agents for barbers and he charges $2,500
to $5,000 upfront plus hundreds of
dollars a month to maintain it. But the
thing is is that these voice agents can
be created with just a few clicks. You
can train them just by dragging a
screenshot over from their Google
business profile. That's it. Or just by
linking their website. Better yet, you
can sell to the barbers as you're
getting your haircut by pulling out your
phone, updating the voice agent on your
phone, so it answers as Bob's barber
shop or whatever the name is of the
barber shop that you're at, right? Then
then you could have it call the barber
as he's cutting your hair and use that
as a sales tool. I am hyped about this
interview. You are going to love it.
Danny got a start about 11 years ago

[01:02]
Danny got a start about 11 years ago
helping people optimize their Yelp
profiles. And he said there was a very
small window of time on Yelp where you
could make a lot of money doing this and
then it went away. And he said today
that same small window of time exists
with creating voice agents for local
businesses. I've talked about this a few
times on the pod before. You guys love
it every single time. This is the first
time I've interviewed a business owner
that's actually doing it. I've done it a
couple times. I have two different
episodes where I launch a voice agent
business live, but this is kind of a
different beast altogether. I promise
you'll love it. Oh, and if you end up
starting this agency or any agency built
on top of High Level, it would mean the
world to me if you use my affiliate link
in the comments below. You'll get 30
days free instead of the normal 14.
Let's go talk to Danny, one of my
barbers. I call him my therapist cuz I
talk to him all every week, right? And
just it's cheaper than therapy. And so I
was going I was like, "Hey, let me
rebuild your website because it didn't
look that good and let me start doing
some stuff on GoHigh Level." He's the
number one barber in Huntington Beach,

[02:01]
number one barber in Huntington Beach,
California. And so I felt like if I did
this for him for free, he's in one of
those um buildings where there's all
like these like
&gt;&gt; salon suites.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 20 business owners in one room.
&gt;&gt; In one room. And and I don't that's
that's my lead cycle right there. And so
I was like, "Let me build you this
website. you'd be my test dummy at the
end of the day. I'll do this all for
free. I build him the website. I build
him this AI agent and he was absolutely
amazed by the AI agent because there's
kind of two type of barbers. There's one
barber where he's absolutely busy and he
can't take any c like any phone calls
because he's just constantly booked and
there's another barber who is just not
that booked. You right. And so
&gt;&gt; he's like nothing in between.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And so he's the booked
guy. And so he was I was like, "Let me
implement an AI agent because how many
people are calling you and you just
might miss opportunity from just a
scheduled link, right?" And so we
implemented an AI agent so that whenever

[03:00]
implemented an AI agent so that whenever
he doesn't answer, instead of going to
voicemail, the agent picks up, ask him
all of these questions. We we kind of
fed him all of the business information.
&gt;&gt; You're saying that voice call him, he's
in the middle of cutting, he can't
answer. So a voice agent picks up,
&gt;&gt; correct? and asks a bunch of questions
and fills out a form.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like we just gave them all the
information, but if they want to
schedule something, then it would give
them the direct link for them to book an
appointment right away. I mean, he was
getting bookings from that link just the
day we turned it on. And so it gave him
the freedom to know that like, hey, this
works and I don't really have to stress
about new clients and like I understand
that time's money and stuff like that,
but this helped a lot. So, you made this
voice agent and you said there was a
scheduling link. Tell me how that worked
specifically. If the person said, "Yeah,
can I just like book a time with you?"
Would it text them that link or would it
ask them questions and then fill out the
form for them?
&gt;&gt; They would text them that link. We
thought it would that was the easiest
way. Most of them are techsavvy anyways

[04:01]
way. Most of them are techsavvy anyways
in today's day and age. And it'll give
them a link to then book them directly
with their own booking system that they
they use.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Is your agent telling them that
this is a like an AI voice agent or is
it just kind of talking to them as if
it's a person?
&gt;&gt; No, it's full person. We use go high
level. There's a couple that you could
test out. We liked the girl version of
it. I mean, unless you ask, I think it
tells you that you're an agent, but
&gt;&gt; just conversating with it. It was
really, really good.
&gt;&gt; Are people asking? Do you know?
&gt;&gt; No. I mean, so Gohigh Level gives you
like the transcript of of the agent. So,
they're they're asking for the booking
link. are asking when do you open?
They're asking questions about the
business and
&gt;&gt; they probably don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; if they did know, it wouldn't make a
difference because they're getting their
question answered and that's all they
want.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. At this point, that's
that's what everyone wants. Like, give
me the answer to the question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't want to wait on the phone for a
human being if you know if I could if
it's an easy book. Now, if it's the
medical practice and stuff like that,

[05:00]
medical practice and stuff like that,
there's a whole different story. We want
them to talk to someone on the reps side
&gt;&gt; or book a or book a call with them,
right? because now a lot of medical
doing practices are are doing the u
membership route too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is what we're going to be
implementing in GoHigh level as well for
subscriptions. So
&gt;&gt; So if this barber is cutting hair, are
people calling like his personal cell
phone number and if he doesn't pick up
in like a certain amount of rings then
it transfers to the voice agent or like
logistically how does it work?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so he has his own work number that
we connected. So we there's two ways. It
could go right away if they call the
voice agent picks up or in ring ring
ring instead of a voicemail the voice
agent will pick up. We decided to do the
second option because in case he was at
a lunch or had some time to pick up he
would love to still pick up communicate
with his customers if he can.
&gt;&gt; So you already told me this in the
beginning I'm remembering now but you
just replaced his voicemail with the
voice agent. Period. Right.

[06:00]
voice agent. Period. Right.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Super easy. So, if he's free, he
wants to answer, he answers, and it's
him. Do you have any metrics on like
what type of call volume he's getting,
like how many voice agent conversations
are happening on a daily or weekly basis
for him?
&gt;&gt; We're still figuring out the go high
level side of it. This was the the free
side that we had. So, the metrics we do
have are I would have to pull them up,
but they're all good. I don't know if
I'm doing ballpark numbers. He told me
specifically because I ask him every
week. He's like, "This this thing made
me lazy to a point where I don't want to
pick up." So most of the time he is just
not picking up and letting it go.
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's cuz he's seen that it's
as good or better than him anyway.
&gt;&gt; Correct. And he's trusting it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Keep watching Netflix with your wife.
Like
And that's what I was saying. I was like
that this gives you the the option to
leave your phone open at all times,
&gt;&gt; right? like this is what AI is supposed
to do is actually give us more time and
in most cases it's it's not yet. It's

[07:00]
in most cases it's it's not yet. It's
still too early, right? But it it really
seems like I keep coming back to voice
agents by accident, right? Like voice
agents are just such a good use case for
AI right now that fits so many
businesses because there's 33 million
small businesses and like the vast
majority of them could use a voice
agent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. And that's the whole theory
of like the Yelp that I'm saying or like
this is that Yelp back
&gt;&gt; the Yelp moment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Or like the Google business profile
moment or like the Facebook ads moment
or the the PPC the pay-per-click moment
in Google Ads when you know you could
buy clicks for two cents and those same
clicks today are $2. You know,
&gt;&gt; these windows don't last forever. But in
a way they last a lot longer than we
think, right? Like they're easy for a
short window of time, easier. But then
like today, people are still starting
web design agencies and finding success
like they did in the 90s. Like yeah,
I've heard so many stories of people in
the 90s that learned HTML, that built
websites for small businesses, and it's
like that was their first side hustle.

[08:00]
like that was their first side hustle.
Now they're a billionaire. Today, people
are still they're not having to learn
HTML, but they're still building
websites for small businesses. You know,
like in a sense, these opportunities
last for a while, and in another sense,
they're only really really good for a
short amount of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Now, you didn't charge him for this,
right? Did you ever charge him after the
fact or he's never paid?
&gt;&gt; So, I mean, I would get a haircut every
week and that's like now he gives me
free haircuts. You know, he doesn't
allow I I try and he doesn't allow me
and he's pretty expensive. It's like $50
a haircut per week. So, ideally, it's
around $200, but we have this was I told
them from the get-go like, "Hey, I
wanted to test this out for you because
like this is you're like you're my lead
magnet. Not only do you have 20 other
businesses in here, but the medical guy
like he wasn't a haircut person and he
referred me because of talking at a
barber. Like that's a hack to me because
like this is a talking advertisement. If
you're doing good, right? If you really
connect with them and and you're, you
know, you have a really good

[09:00]
know, you have a really good
relationship with them, it's an easy
advertisement that's going on for free.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you ever asked him now that
he knows how much value you've added
like what would you have paid me? like
play that kind of what if game. Had I
been able to run crystal ball and show
you how much
&gt;&gt; convenience this would add to your life,
what would this would be worth to you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I played that right right at the
get-go cuz we're cool like that and I
was like, "Hey, what would you pay for
something like this?" And he paid
already $1,000 for like a bad website
just recently. And so creating a website
that looks amazing and then having a KPI
dashboard attached to it to now
understand your business because he
didn't go to school for business. He
went to school for barbering and cutting
hair. So this value adds I mean it's a
tremendous value for him because now he
really gets to pop up under the hood and
figure out his business and figure out
marketing, figure out SMS and stuff. So
easily $2,500 to answer a question and
easily a $200 a month fee. Now, that's

[10:01]
easily a $200 a month fee. Now, that's
just him. I've asked a couple other
people. It could go from as low as a
thousand to, you know, maybe as high as
5,000. I think it really depends on your
client and how much they understand the
value of this and understanding what
phase they're currently in. Like, I
would hate to go into a client that's
like there's this they're a startup and
they, you know, they have this passion
and they want to do this, but they're
all out of money. like I'm not going to
I'm not going to I'll give them advice,
you know, and I'll I'll I'll guide them,
but I'm not going to try to charge them
for their, you know, all of their money
when they're first starting. And this is
usually how I close my deals. I'll
create a website for the client I'm
already talking to on Replet, like like
a mockup before I even have their first
meeting. Like, I am I am researching
them. I'm looking at their websites and
I'm I'm asking Chad GBT breaking down
their current website saying what what
are the flaws in this if any and what
can I do to help improve this current
website. I'll take that information

[11:01]
website. I'll take that information
create a replet mockup for them. You
don't have to publish it. You could just
show them right then and there with the
link that they use. I think it lasts
like 15 minutes. And then like the
amount of like you would like awe that
these guys have because they're used to
one people creating websites and taking
a month or two for them going back and
forth and two like it just shows like
how much you're you you care for them
like you you built this without asking
for anything just showing your potential
and they're like man this is amazing it
looks good. It's the whole theory of
like Alex from like if you if you give
them good stuff like they start thinking
well damn like what is how like the paid
stuff must be
&gt;&gt; yeah the paid stuff must be better and
often times it's not you know but they
have confirmation bias so they're
expecting like oh this is better you
know. Yeah, like the first mockup like
that was I mean we made a couple changes
from then and there, but it wasn't major
drastically major than what we first

[12:01]
drastically major than what we first
did. And so it's like I think the theory
of just like showing that you did the
work without even asking Yeah. goes a
long way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because a lot of times people go
into these quotes and they're like they
kind of they do some research and so
their their work isn't visible, right?
So the person that they're selling to
has no idea how much research they've
done. Maybe luckily you say a couple
things that indicate that, but if you're
actually doing work in a vibe coding app
like Replet and showing them something,
their confirmation bias kicks in and
like, "Oh, dang. You really care about
this." Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Oh, oh, this is legit. And it's like the
oldest sales trick in the book is assume
the sale, right? And you're kind of
doing that in a sense because you're
saying, "I've already I've already built
out half of this." So,
&gt;&gt; like when it comes time to for me to
actually send the invoice and get paid
for this and fulfill this, it's already
halfway done. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, I'm increasing my likelihood
of getting the sale and I'm decreasing
my amount of work after the sale because
I've already done it.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Two birds, one stone.
&gt;&gt; And then the cherry on top is like what
go high level and just other KPI metrics

[13:01]
go high level and just other KPI metrics
that you could add on to help improve
their business so that they could
continue to grow and scale or even like
the fear metric of like, dude, you're
you're potentially losing this much
revenue if you're not booking throughout
these days. or like I made a KPI
dashboard from Replet just based off of
what barbers and stuff would use. I mean
the thing that that it created was was
stuff that I wouldn't have even thought
of like you should create like try
booking during these specific days and
send these specific emails out or text
messages out or if you have a team of
four like figure out who is getting more
of the reschedules and and have like a
workshop with that top person. I was
like, dude, these are all really good
ideas that just generated from chat that
you could implement in your own
business. And
&gt;&gt; understanding that or just kind of
informing that to a client is like very
helpful because that's all they're
thinking of in in business. How do I go?
How do I continue to scale? How do I,
you know, how do I improve? Like those
are the thing like I I mean don't try to

[14:02]
are the thing like I I mean don't try to
reinvent the wheel. I I know a lot of
people are here trying to create stuff
on AI, but instead of that, like there's
a time and place for everything, but
figure out what people's current
problems are and and go that route
because a lot of the time you're going
to get paid faster and you're going to
get more clients that way with and
you're going to learn more. Like, how do
you continue to build and scale with
current businesses? Like, that's the
beauty of it is I'm like, trust me, I
have my I have my notebook with all
these ideas and I think I asked you this
question the other day. I was like, man,
can I sell my ideas because I don't
there's there's so much of them. But at
the end of the day, like you focus on
problem solving current problems in
people's businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And helping them identify them
because often times they don't even know
what their problems are and until you
ask the right questions. What are the
right questions? What are the questions
you ask to get to the heart of their
problems?
&gt;&gt; It's kind of like having a conversation
like this with my client at first. I'm
not here to sell them anything. I'm just

[15:00]
not here to sell them anything. I'm just
trying to understand what their goals
are first. And so kind of like the
questions. I mean, I I want to break
down what their, you know, ideally what
their year would look like, what their
what their overall goals are. Any idea
of like marketing or newsletters or kind
of I I mean, I I ask everything and I
just have an hour conversation with them
just kind of breaking down their current
business. And I think just with the
amount of knowledge that I've learned
through the last 15 years through the
e-commerce side and through the mergers
and acquisition side and just all of it
in the stock market and breaking down um
earnings reports like you you could
really understand a client just by
having a simple one-hour conversation.
Ideally, the more the more intel you
could get on your client, the better you
could figure out directly what they need
help with the most. And the reason why I
went family, if if you're a um if you're
a super busy barber, that's probably the
number one thing you're gonna try to do
is you need to expand to other barbers,

[16:00]
is you need to expand to other barbers,
right? You need to have more people to
kind of
&gt;&gt; guide you or to help free up your time.
And so that's kind of you build intel,
build rapport, and figure and the main
thing is build something that you could
show them and reconnect with them in a
week or two. And then at that point,
once you reconnect with them, the end of
that is most likely going to be your
your sale. And whether you're going to
create a new website for them or or they
like the website and they want to
continue to work or they like the idea
of of figuring out, you know, um how to
improve their business with KPIs and and
understanding all that stuff or even not
understanding wanting to. That's kind of
your your approach. And
&gt;&gt; I do love the idea in this business that
you can literally sell to the person
that is selling to you, right? Like
while they're cutting your hair, you
could
&gt;&gt; it's a captive audience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; I love that. Like if if you approach a
barber at close,
&gt;&gt; he's probably not going to say no to one
more customer. No.

[17:01]
more customer. No.
&gt;&gt; Right. Now, how scalable is that? You
could I don't know. You can make the
argument it's not very scalable, but at
X dollars per month or $2,500 upfront,
it's worth the time. And I would have to
think your close rate if if you're self-
selecting a high volume barber and you
spending 30 to 60 minutes with them,
your close rate will be in the double
digits.
&gt;&gt; Like period. Is it 20%, is it 80%, I
don't know. But at that point, it's just
a numbers game that there's 76,000
barbers. And I love this niche because
there's usually a push pull between the
ticket size and the number of businesses
or like the approachability of a
business. Like dentists are great to
sell to. There's a lot of dentist, but
it's really hard to get to the decision
maker, right? Barbers are cheap, right?
It's a low ticket price. So, it's like
they don't have a good reputation for
selling agency services to them, but
there's a lot of them. There's even more
than than there are of dentists. And
it's a captive audience. And like you
can they're extremely approachable. You

[18:00]
can they're extremely approachable. You
can talk to them one-on-one. You don't
have to go through a decision maker,
right? Pizza shops, there's like 200,000
pizza shops, convenience stores, there's
like 400,000 convenience stores. AI
opens up all of these like single person
solo businesses to agency services where
it just it didn't make sense financially
before AI, right? Like convenience store
owner or pizza shop owner is not going
to pay 3,500 bucks a month to manage
your Facebook ads most likely, right?
Unless they're at scale, they have a few
locations, etc. But with something like
this, like voice agents, like even if we
only leave it to voice agents, it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was what I was going to say.
I mean,
&gt;&gt; you have no time. Like I I could have
went directly with the voice agent as
well and say, "Hey, like I'm sure you're
busy and and I tried calling and no one
answered." And that's why I walked in
the barber shop like, "Have you heard of
a voice agent before?" Right?
&gt;&gt; You right. And they're yes or no. and
and kind of like, man, the beautiful
thing about a voice agent is once you
set it up for one person, you could test
it in front of them as well. And that's
what
&gt;&gt; that's what I was going to say.

[19:00]
&gt;&gt; that's what I was going to say.
&gt;&gt; That's what I've been doing.
&gt;&gt; Pull your hand out from beneath the
cape, right? Because he's cutting your
hair and you just call it and just have
him talk to it.
&gt;&gt; Correct. And he's done that and he's
done that to me in front of other salons
and stuff. Like the people next to him,
he's like, "Hey, come here. Like, I want
I want you to meet Danny." He calls the
the number. He's like, "Talk to it." And
next thing you know, I get a transcript
of a whole AI voice.
&gt;&gt; They're like, "Is he cute or not?" And
they're asking now these crazy
questions.
So it's like but I mean it like once you
show like once you have that and that's
why it was so important for me to have
him as my test dummy because I knew the
value of having a finished product and
showcasing that and seeing how well
other people could react on just a nice
website something that really works. you
could, you know, your SMS marketing on
it. You have newsletters, you have um
reactivation tool, you the whole level,
right? And mo most importantly, like if

[20:00]
right? And mo most importantly, like if
you have an AI agent and you can call
them and you showcase the work and
they're like asking all these questions
about the b the business and they
actually know about it, they're like
like sign me up like say, "Let me create
it for you and you test it yourself and
then if they like it after that, then
you you could close the deal." You're
going to have more success creating it
first. It doesn't take that much time.
If it's a good lead, you should do this.
You're going to have more success
creating the deal and showcasing that
and closing the deal after you you you
show them everything that you created.
In my opinion,
&gt;&gt; I mean, you could even take it so far
like, let's say you walk into a barber
shop cold and you're getting some good
reception from him. You heard about
voice agents and like he doesn't even
know you're selling to him yet, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Let me show you this. But before you
pull out, you pull out your phone, you
open up high level on your phone and you
go to the settings for the voice agent
and you change out the name of the
business to his business name, right?
Then before you call
&gt;&gt; and you call, it's like, "Hey, this is
Bo." He's like, "What? That's me." And
it's like,
&gt;&gt; "Could you imagine that?"

[21:01]
&gt;&gt; "Could you imagine that?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. Like if Yeah, you
could easily set that up if you know
you're going to go showcase or you show
them like and they're like, "Wow."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's barber, salon, nails,
massage, like all of those type of
industries like that. You're going to
schedule appointments and they're asking
and they're calling.
&gt;&gt; Tackle that.
&gt;&gt; And I've done this myself. It's
literally that easy as going in the
voice agent and changing the name of the
business and then click save and then it
updates automatically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And usually I don't know. I mean I
I think we just put in their website and
have I think agent will extract all of
the information
&gt;&gt; all the FAQs opening hours etc.
&gt;&gt; So even better if you put the name and
their website you should like if they're
going further deep in the conversation
asking these questions it's even better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Are you able to share your screen
and show what his dashboard looks like
this barbers? Let me see
&gt;&gt; for those listening or watching KPI

[22:00]
&gt;&gt; for those listening or watching KPI
stands for key performance indicators
and for years it was you know relegated
to Fortune 500 companies big budget
companies like basically what what goals
or what metrics are we tracking to know
that we're being successful or not and
now with AI like barbers can know what
KPIs mean barbers can have KPIs whereas
that was never that was never realistic
for common local businesses I'm curious
what his KPI guys are like is it new
appointments? Is it you know revenue? Is
it
&gt;&gt; this is our test sto account so I don't
I haven't worked on this. My uh partner
does. Another thing I was going to say
guys like I couldn't have done this
without without having a good partner on
my team as well. I picked a partner
who's good at coding just because like
replet can have difficulties kind of
going through that finish line of stuff.
And so having a partner where I'm just
all sales, all vision, ideas, giving her
this the the stuff that needs to be
fixed, it really helps out in the long

[23:00]
fixed, it really helps out in the long
run.
&gt;&gt; So your business partner is doing kind
of the integrations and stuff and you're
focusing on the sales,
&gt;&gt; correct? So this was the miss call
section. We created this on the 28th and
we have 125 missed calls. I don't think
it was right away when they started.
Yeah, we didn't implement it right away.
We just created this number
&gt;&gt; the 28th of December.
&gt;&gt; I think it was
&gt;&gt; November.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, November. We could go back a
little bit.
&gt;&gt; 125 missed calls.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you could see I mean they're
even today they're coming in and so a
lot of people and you you'll I think you
could get the transcripts of these. I
don't know if it they'll show them here,
but throughout especially holiday season
they're coming in and he was just
letting them ride and they were getting
booked. He would show I mean he would
say we're we're getting booked. He would
pair them with the number and
&gt;&gt; I call these FMC's formerly missed
calls. These are no longer missed calls,
right? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; We used this with the go high level
account that we had from you. So we took

[24:00]
account that we had from you. So we took
advantage of it
&gt;&gt; and and just kind of went from there and
just used it as a test. I mean and now
we have our another gohigh level and so
we kind of this is my showcase to
clients still, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Beautiful. So he's gotten you more
uh barbershop customers then?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it was to a point where we were
like we had a we had a pause and we we
took like a like two weeks just to kind
of dedicate GoHigh Level and what what
everything that we could learn from
Gohigh Level. So now we're we have
probably I would say four or five calls
the remaining of the week from barbers
and someone related to him that
introduced us
&gt;&gt; from one free customer.
&gt;&gt; From one free customer. I haven't spent
anything on ads. I haven't spent
anything on on sponsorships or anything
like that. This is just
&gt;&gt; from one free customer. I just keep
hearing this over and over like to get
your first agency customer, start with
your circle, your sphere of influence
and do it for free, right? And if it if

[25:02]
and do it for free, right? And if it if
it's not magical, if it doesn't work,
then you might not get referrals, which
means your product isn't that good
anyway, right? You got to revisit the
drawing board, which is okay because you
either win or you learn, right? But if
it is magical, it if it is good, then
either you get them to pay you for more
stuff or you get them to refer you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And everyone has like
their own barber or their own, you know,
massage person or salon or nail it, you
know? So, it's like,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; start with that.
&gt;&gt; Even if it's a family member, like
figure out how you
&gt;&gt; guy, oil change guy.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Now, I'm doing um I'm
doing home inspections for one of them.
I got a meeting today with a home
inspection and their website and their
GHL, a drone washing commercial company,
washing drones and all that stuff. a
remodeling company in the real estate.
So, like again, all different industries
all need the same thing. So, it
shouldn't be that hard to kind of niche
down and and figure out the best the

[26:00]
down and and figure out the best the
best industry, but they're definitely
out there.
&gt;&gt; What would you have done differently, if
anything, about starting this business?
&gt;&gt; Start faster.
I think the idea that you need to learn
every single thing before you start is
absurd. like get in there, get your
hands dirty, teach yourself, teach
yourself everything you can and and be
dedicated to helping people, right? I
mean, that's the end the end goal is
like as more people you help, the more
that money will come. It's the law of
abundance.
&gt;&gt; How does your pricing look today versus
your first customer? Like what do you
think you're going to charge these next
few customers both upfront and ongoing?
I think we're we're still in the
beginning phases of things and I think
we could kind of customize per client,
but I would say anywhere from 2500 to
5,000 just because I know as time goes
on there's going to be more tools or
easier tools or easier access clients or
people are coming in. I mean, there's
competition. That's what it is. Supply
and demand, right? And so, I know that

[27:00]
and demand, right? And so, I know that
and I think I think working well and
fast is probably my goal. And I think
we're going to up the monthly to two to
500 depending on what all they need. I
think that's a good range. I mean, if
you have 20 clients, you know, my goal
is just like passive income for this and
to kind of use this money for bigger
projects with apps and developments and
businesses through AI still. But my like
I said, I have a book of ideas and I
think all of them need money and
dedication and so this is kind of my my
focus for that.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful. Danny, where can people find
you? Danny proper trends@gmail.com.
If anyone wants to connect, I'm I'm a
wealth of knowledge, so feel free to
reach out.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful.
&gt;&gt; Okay, this episode was a little
different. If you're watching on
YouTube, you'll notice that other people
were watching as I interviewed Danny. I
came across Danny in my paid community,
TK Owners. He's a member of it, and he
used some of the tools that he learned
from TK owners to build this business.
But I had him present this interview to
my Playmakers community, which is a

[28:00]
my Playmakers community, which is a
group of people building AI automation
agencies, AI voice agent agencies, etc.
So, if you're interested in either one,
check out playmakersai.com or
tkowners.com. Thanks for hanging out on
the Kerner