[00:00]
The first month I closed $60,000 in
business. Three jobs, like a small one
and then two mediumsized jobs. We've
probably done 7 or $8 million of revenue
all organic driven.
&gt;&gt; That's basically free.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; These are $50,000 jobs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I didn't want to do super high
volume, low ticket, something like
custom home building where there are
literally maybe 4 or 500 decisions that
need to occur. the ratio of average
order value to number of decisions that
reduces the opportunity to screw things
up. You can go and do a one meeting
close for a $50,000 deck with three
decisions in an hour and you're in and
out.
&gt;&gt; So, I come across this guy on Twitter
named Jameson and he is my brother from
another mother. He worked on Wall Street
private equity making a lot of money and
then he thought, you know what, I'm
done. I want to own my own business. So
he goes to Southern California and he
starts a deck business called West Coast
Decks. His first month knowing nothing
about decks, having no experience, he
does $60,000. His first year, he does

[01:01]
does $60,000. His first year, he does
just under a million bucks. So this is a
playbook. This is tactical. How to get
your first home service customers that
pay you a lot of money. Doesn't have to
be Dex, any local trade or home service
business. This is the playbook for you.
We talk a lot about how to find
customers and how to close those jobs
when you quote the jobs. Oh, and he
talks about VAS at one point. That means
virtual assistance. Please enjoy this
conversation with Jameson.
&gt;&gt; I wanted to do something with a
relatively large average order value.
And that that's not really necessarily
the term we use in construction, but
it's like a new home term. I I didn't
want to do like
&gt;&gt; super high volume, low ticket. I didn't
want to do something like custom home
building where there are literally maybe
four or 500 decisions that need to
occur.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is just me, but I think
it's actually like a pretty good
heristic, which is like the ratio of
average order value to number of
decisions that the client needs to make
reduces the opportunity to screw things
up. You're still going to screw tons of

[02:00]
up. You're still going to screw tons of
things up, right? You're still going to
make tons of mistakes, but if you only
have five variables, you know, if you
hit on four out of five, you're doing
great versus whatever. So with a deck,
you've got the shape of the deck, you
know, is it square, 10 x 20? You've got
the type of material can get nuanced,
but it's basically like is it wood, is
it composite, is it, you know, which
brand, which color? Yeah. What type of
railing? And then it could that could be
it, right? You could get into lighting
and outdoor kitchens and it could get
more complicated, but really like you
can go into a sales meeting and do a one
meeting close for a $50,000 deck with
three decisions in an hour and you're in
and out. It's not that easy, but you
know what I'm saying? Like it's it's
pretty good. You know, I don't want to
compete with every Chuck in a truck,
Tom, Dick, and Harry that can sort of
say like,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, I can do that." and decks are
just intimidating enough to deter the
handyman who can build a fence there. So
there's a little bit of a barrier to
entry of kind of complexity and project

[03:01]
entry of kind of complexity and project
management and you know now we do have
to do some decks that are like half a
million dollars and have $200,000 of
foundation work and are very complicated
and there's a big barrier.
&gt;&gt; That was my thought process at the time.
&gt;&gt; We're very similar because I use the
analogy of our tree trimming business
and like a custom home building business
just like you said. I call them binary
outcome businesses.
&gt;&gt; I've heard you talk about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Our tree trimming business is not
nearly as high ticket as yours. I wish
it were. It's like $1,500 average order
size, but we come in, we remove the
tree, we get a fivestar review. Like
there's one decision. You want that
gone? The branch or the tree? Cool. All
right, cool. That's it. And we get like
we've never had less than a fivestar
review. And it's not even because we're
amazing operators. It's just that type
of business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Whereas a custom home builder, you
have like the emotional aspect of it,
like the homeowner. Like it's just
there's so many ways you can screw up.
Like I would never want to be in that
business.
&gt;&gt; Look, we we're not binary outcome, but
we're not close to the custom home
building. But still, like anytime you
have a BTOC business, you're going to

[04:00]
have a BTOC business, you're going to
have scenarios where you do something
that you think is good, but is a
mismatch in client expectations. And
there's a big skill as an operator in
kind of managing that, right? A lot of
times it'll be like we install literally
half a million square feet of decking
per year and then you'll get a client a
Karen or whatever and she'll be like
well this cut doesn't I don't think the
cut's supposed to be that way right and
you can't say to her like no like I mean
you can you can say like you're an idiot
it is supposed to be that way but you
know that's not how it works.
&gt;&gt; It gets you nowhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyways, we're closer to the
binary outcome than the custom home
build equation, but there's still a fair
bit of uh craft
&gt;&gt; complexity. Yeah. Well, the trade-off is
it's, you know, 10 to 30 times bigger of
a job. Sure. You know, that's the
trade-off you're making. So, you decide
in your mind, I'm doing this. What does
your first month look like?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is a tactically different
answer that I'm guessing you're going to
get from most of your people. So, that
that you ask about starting businesses.
So for me and brand and emotion and

[05:03]
So for me and brand and emotion and
design is so so so so important. Brand
is the tool that you have as a business
to create an emotional connection with
your customer. You do that through the
way that you look, the way that you
present yourself, the way that you the
words that you use. The tactical tools
are what is your logo, what are your
colors, what are your fonts, what does
your website look like, what are your
uniforms look like, what are your
vehicles look like, what does your print
collateral look like, what does your
signage, all that stuff. When you start
at zero, you don't want to like,
especially if you don't know if your
business will work. You don't want to
dump a bunch of money into that. But I
can promise you that if you can
intelligently invest in those things and
create a six out of 10 brand or a seven
out of 10 10 brand out the gate then you
will be it's like starting with rocket
fuel instead of like
&gt;&gt; so couple things I would say and these
are going to be very specific to like
trades and service right it's this is
not ecom this is not whatever but

[06:01]
not ecom this is not whatever but
&gt;&gt; believe it or not 67% of the people that
watch my YouTube videos don't subscribe
to me and over 90% % think that they're
subscribed to me. So, do me a quick
favor and check that you're subscribed
to me. If you're not, please do. It
would mean a lot.
&gt;&gt; The simple equation for what you name
your business is your service area and
your service. So, you don't want to call
it Chris's construction company or
Chris's Corner Construction Company,
right? You want to call it Dallas Dex.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like impossible to misunderstand what
you do. It sounds like it's strong,
right? Dallas Dex. You could come up
with a really cool word mark and logo.
Somebody searches I was going to say
calls you on the phone or picks up the
phone book, but like they're going to
Google, right? Like they know exactly
what you do. Dallas Dex. Another thing
is in name selection. And if somebody's
listening to this and wants help picking
their name, literally call me or DM me.
Like I will I will help you. I love this
stuff. When I was coming up with the
brand, I had a few names, right? Like
San Diego Deck, San Diego Decks,

[07:00]
San Diego Deck, San Diego Decks,
California Decks. I can't remember at
this point, but west coast.com was
available and it was like boom, done.
The dotcom's available. That's it. From
there, you want to spend a little bit of
money on the physical presentation and
we'll call it like the graphic design
assets that you have and the way that
you present your business. And I have a
little bit of a cheat code to like get a
a seven out of 10 result that you'd get
if you paid like an agency a decent
amount of money for like less than
$3,000 total. And what you do is you
spend a lot of time browsing and you
look for cool brands that resonate with
you. And just do this on Pinterest.
There are places like Behance, Dribble,
you could go on agency websites where
they have their portfolios, but for most
people, they understand how to use
Pinterest. And a lot of design work is
now posted on Pinterest. Just go on
there and search for like not
necessarily like deck branding. That's
not going to give you what you want, but
like construction branding or like maybe
you say like look, I really like DTOC

[08:01]
you say like look, I really like DTOC
shampoo branding right now. And I think
my construction company would look
really cool. So like that's actually a
good place to start. And you pull like
the shampoo branding. And then what you
do is you go on, you can do it on
Upwork, you can do it on Fiverr, and you
say, "Okay, my brand name is Dallas Dex.
Here's an example of some shampoo
branding that I really like." And you
post a job and you say, "For $200, I
want 20 design concepts for my brand."
Okay? And what happens on those sites is
you'll get proposals from people and
some of them will do like preliminary
design, right? and you're going to
actually hire five of them. So, you're
going to get a hundred permutations out
of that process and you're going to for
and you've spent $1,000. Okay? Out of
those 100 permutations, you're going to
pick three that you really like and
resonate with you. One of the things
that is expensive for a design agency to
produce is that ideation phase, and
you're just kind of shortcutting it
down, right? You're short circuiting it.
&gt;&gt; And then you go to a designer. Again,

[09:01]
&gt;&gt; And then you go to a designer. Again,
you can do this on Upwork. You can
probably get a really good result for
under a thousand dollars. Don't I I know
the design community is gonna get really
mad at this. We're working with Ethan
Driscoll at Outer Block right now to
rework our branding and I'm paying him
significantly more than that. So like
close your ears, ear muffs for all the
designers. But my point is like you're
going to pay somebody in Ukraine or
Vietnam to do this design for you, okay?
And you're going to spend 500 to 750
bucks and they'll give you a full kit,
right? So, you basically say like here's
the three concepts that I like, here's
my name, and then their output is going
to be a professional kit. It's going to
be, you know, logo, typography, colors,
um, uniforms, that kind of a thing. So,
you've spent, you know, two grand at
this point and you look way more
professional than 99 out of a 100red
service businesses. And so when you show
up without a track record, you've never
built a deck before, you have no

[10:01]
built a deck before, you have no
background in this, you don't have any
social proof, but you look nice, you're
well spoken, you took a shower that day,
you know, you you show up and you kind
of pitch yourself and you have good
branding. That's enough for people to
trust you and and it gives you a basis
on which like, okay, there's a new
entrant in our market. They look good.
Clearly, like they're thoughtful about
this. It's not some chuck in a truck.
It's not Chris's construction company,
you know, on the margin. I I kind of
like these guys. I want to work with
them. So, that's before you even do
anything. Actually, there's an ask on
that. Like, you need to be
actionoriented. You need to be able to
go out and sell a deck. Like, you need
to tell everybody you know under the sun
that you are going to build a deck and
have them hire you. But my point is that
if you really want to do this well, like
invest in branding early before you
think you need to. So branding set and
now you need to the next two steps in
the process are one you actually need
some sales like you need to sell some
decks and then you need to start
gathering social proof and these can

[11:01]
gathering social proof and these can
occur in tandem. So social proof is so
critical for any business. It's it's the
most important currency. This is what
gets people to buy. And this is you know
your Google reviews, your Yelp reviews,
that kind of a thing. When you start,
you don't have customers that will say
like, "Jameson built a deck for me and
he's really good at it and here's the
pictures of the deck." But you do have
people, you know, even if you're 15
years old, you've got to have people who
you've known in your life. You can go
ask your English teacher and she'll
write you a review that says like, "You
know what? Chris is a pleasure to have
in class. No idea if he can build decks,
but he worked hard. He does his
homework.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. he's got a good family and that
type of stuff like that's social proof
that helps you. So my point is go to
your friends, go to your neighbors, go
to previous co-workers, go to strangers
on the internet who follow you on
Twitter and and basically say like hey
can you help me do this and you know

[12:00]
can you help me do this and you know
they will so you'll get a little bit of
social proof
&gt;&gt; and I'll also say the the branding
expenses that you're you're undergoing
helps kind of overcome some of that as
well that lack of history. They see that
you're serious about this.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Yeah. After we talk
about getting the initial work, I want
to talk about like your like the
ecosystem that exists around you that
wants you to succeed. But getting your
initial job, there are lead services
that you just pay. So when I started, it
was Angie's List and Home Advisor. This
was 5 years ago, but if I were doing it
today, I would do Thumbtac. I would do
Task Rabbit. I would do Angie, which is
the combined Angie's List and Home
Advisor. you can't necessarily qualify
for Google LSA
&gt;&gt; because you don't have a history yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, it depends on licensing and things
like that, right? So, like it depends on
your market, but event that's like step
1B is like getting on Google and getting
leads there. But my point is all these
other services like you can start doing

[13:00]
other services like you can start doing
handyman jobs or like deck repair jobs
or fence jobs and there is just not
enough people providing that service.
you can get those jobs and you literally
just go sign up for these lead services.
Now, maybe this is like a cheat code or
something that needs to remain
consistent from day zero to day
infinity, but like speed to lead and
immediate responsiveness and picking up
the phone. If you cannot do that, do not
do this, right? Like you just
&gt;&gt; don't do any home service business.
&gt;&gt; Don't do any don't do any like
entrepreneurial thing at all, right? You
need to respond to a lead within 30
seconds. We have like a five minute rule
upon pain of death, right? Like, but you
respond to that lead within 30 seconds.
You're doing a site visit or you're
doing a qualifying call immediately
right away. If it's a qualified lead,
you're doing a site visit within a day
and then you're delivering your proposal
within another day. It's like and and a
lot of times depending on what your
service is, that timeline could even be
compressed. It could be immediate, but

[14:00]
compressed. It could be immediate, but
&gt;&gt; past two or three days, like you have to
have the capability to be able to do
that. And I can I could do a post on
Twitter talking about like the specific
tactics of how to do those things, but
honestly, it's like leave your phone
ringer on full volume and keep it with
you all the time and always answer. Like
that's it.
&gt;&gt; These are $50,000 jobs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Crazy. and have crazy anx like
it's so funny because my professional
kind of like grooming or background was
like if you didn't respond to an email
within five minutes like you would lose
your job and like or or at minimum like
get you know yelled at in a profanity
lace tirade by your managing director.
So, like I carry this anxiety with me of
like I will respond like I just that is
like the most important professional
training I've ever had and like that
continues to maybe be the most valuable
thing like good good news bad news
whatever pick up the phone and talk
right away and so with the leads it's
like you just got to respond right away
and talk to people right away like speed
to lead is is mission critical now as
you scale and as you grow bunch of
really cool tools around automation and

[15:00]
really cool tools around automation and
like extra touch points and like using
AI and technology tells you to do that.
But like when you're first starting,
like dude, just pick up the phone and
respond.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I know this varies by market and
by industry, but for for Dex in the
Southern California market, what are you
paying Thumbtac or Angie or Home Adviser
per lead and what is your close rate?
&gt;&gt; I haven't done this in a long time, but
when I when I remember specifically, so
like we I had $15,000 in this bank
account that I was like, "Okay, I'm
allocating this to like do this thing,
West Coast Tech, but that that's
everything." like and I didn't I didn't
end up spending the $15,000 on like
investing it. I just sort of like used
it as working capital, whatever. But at
the time a deck repair lead was like 60
bucks and a deck build lead was 120.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty good.
&gt;&gt; And the first month I closed $60,000 in
business.
&gt;&gt; Three jobs, like a small one and then
two mediumsized jobs. Now, it's funny
because part of the reason why I closed

[16:00]
because part of the reason why I closed
them was because my pricing was so low,
right? But that h when you start a
business, that is part of the journey.
Like your pricing is just awful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're trying to get social
proof, right? So that's what you're
paying for.
&gt;&gt; Some of it is like it's a loss leader,
but like it's important to price your
stuff appropriately unless you have a
bunch of cash that you could just afford
to burn.
&gt;&gt; I am always hunting for ways to help you
start businesses and make more money.
That's literally why I do this. So, let
me tell you about something that saves
me hours every single week. Most
business owners are drowning in
subscriptions. They've got one tool for
emails, one tool for leads, they've got
funnels, booking, and that's not running
a business. That's babysitting software.
Highle kills all of that. Highle is one
platform. Emails, CRM, funnels,
scheduling, automations, all of it is
built in. And the time you save is time
that you can spend actually making
money. Plus, it has this mis call text
back feature that automatically texts
leads when you can't answer the phone.

[17:00]
leads when you can't answer the phone.
And if you ever want to white label it
to resell it as your own software to
clients, you can do that, too. Recurring
revenue built right in. It'll change the
way you think about business. So, check
out gohighlevel.com/tkopod
and they will give you a 30-day free
trial to see what I mean. How many of
those $100 leads, new build leads, would
you say it took to close one back when
you were doing it?
&gt;&gt; I closed the 60 grand in like three days
of So, it's probably like I probably
spent 1,500 bucks on marketing to close
60 grand. Now, I feel like that your
mileage may vary, I guess, right? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But the reality is is with home
services, you should have a very high
close rate. Again, these are brutal,
rough jobs. They're not This is not
cushy. So like
the market is begging for good service
providers. So it's like you're going to
be able to close stuff. The question is
not Yeah, I like I maybe I am uniquely
good at getting out of bed and and
generating leads and finding business,

[18:00]
generating leads and finding business,
but like it's not rocket science. It's
not this is not open AI level research
scientist work. Like you can do it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So did those first three jobs come
from the Angie's and the Home Adviserss
of the world or
&gt;&gt; they were all Angie's list. Home
adviser.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What about the next 90 days after that?
&gt;&gt; So what did that look like
&gt;&gt; at that point? And if I could go back
and what I would do also, we kind of did
this but but reader listen to me.
&gt;&gt; The other thing that I would have done
on day one is I would have so we had our
we have our cohesive branding, right?
Set up your website. Set up your Google
page. Set up your Yelp. Set up your
house page. Set up your Better Business
Bureau. Set up your Chamber of Commerce.
Set up your Did I say Instagram? Like
this laundry list of things. Have them
all be the same. You know, again, same
phone number, same address, same brand.
And then you want to hire a VA, which I
know your audience already knows about,
like they've heard about that. You want
to pay above market for a VA. So, it's

[19:00]
to pay above market for a VA. So, it's
your first VA. You're not you don't have
a system that's organized. You don't
have like a plug-and-play system where
you can hire a maybe a lower wage person
and kind of plug them into something
that works. You need somebody who like
what I always tell people is like if you
hired an entry- level employee and
what's minimum wage in Dallas like or
what's like
&gt;&gt; eight bucks?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, you probably hire somebody
for 15 bucks in in Dallas, right? Here
it's 20. Here it's 20. Like
&gt;&gt; you you could hire somebody for 20 bucks
in Dallas. What I tell people is pay 12
or 15, which feels like a lot, and then
pay that to somebody in Central America,
South America,
&gt;&gt; Philippines,
&gt;&gt; Philippines. You're going to get
somebody with a master's degree with
five 10 years of work experience who who
is really good, right? And they're going
to that wage. You could you could pay
four $5, you're paying maybe 3x or 2x,
but your return on that is like 50x,
right? And you need that. And again,
this is if you're serious. This is not
like you're like for me, it was like I

[20:01]
like you're like for me, it was like I
burned the boats. I'm jumping in. We're
doing this. Like I sold 60 grand the
first month, like probably 100 in the
second. Like we are pregnant with this
business. I need this is not a uh this
is not an experiment of like let me
build one deck and see how it goes,
right? Like I'm contractually guaranteed
to deliver on these services and I'll be
in really hot water if I don't. So you
get that one VA, you've got all these
billboards set up, you've got your
Facebook set up, you've got your
Instagram, all these things, and you're
posting every single day. You've got
your email newsletter, like you're
posting every single day. So that's the
other thing that's happening. And then
there's this stoic concept, which is
like the universe conspires in your
behavior. It's the opposite. It's the
opposite of paranoia, right? Proninoa,
paranoia. And what I often tell people
is that, you know, capitalism is the
greatest force for pulling people out of
poverty and making good things happen
for people and raising their standard of
living. And your local economy is

[21:00]
living. And your local economy is
conspiring in your behavior. Like they
want you, it wants you to be successful.
And what that looks like is your
material suppliers in your area want you
to be successful. The customers want you
to be successful. uh employees want you
to be successful so you can provide the
market with jobs. Adjacent trade
professionals want you to be successful.
Like if you are a deck builder and you
know a landscape architect is hiring you
to do a good job like they're depending
on you to be successful. So there's this
whole ecosystem that is actually
conspiring in your favor for you that
wants you to be successful and is kind
of this like virtuous system. So so but
they need to know that you exist. So
part of how what that looks like today
is you put up all these digital
billboards. Another thing that's really
important for this like lead flow is you
need to go meet all these people. So and
that could happen digitally, it could
happen in person for your material
suppliers. These are your lumber yards.
These are the sales reps for different
products. Like you call them, you go

[22:01]
products. Like you call them, you go
meet them in person and you say like,
"Hey, I'm Jameson. I'm new. I'm doing
this thing. It's going to work. It's
going to be awesome. Like how can we
help each other?" and they will send you
leads. They will send you business.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's going to happen in every
every industry. There's some flavor of
that that exists for what you are doing.
Instagram and Facebook kind of think of
them as the same thing. Very effective
not for BTOC, but for adjacent referral
networking. So, for any trade, there's
this like you want to increase your
surface area of people knowing who you
are. So for us, what happens all the
time is like a roofer, they're doing a
roof and maybe it was a storm that
damaged the roof and damaged the deck
and the they call the roofer first
because their house is leaking and then
while the roofer's there, the client's
like, "Hey, do you know any good deck
guys?" And because we are super active
on all the like social media, blah blah
blah, the roofer is interested in what
we're doing. And the client's probably
not on the day-to-day basis like looking

[23:01]
not on the day-to-day basis like looking
at deck building, whatever, but the
roofer is like he likes seeing like
&gt;&gt; interesting cool stuff and they know who
you are. So
&gt;&gt; we I think in our first year from
Instagram driven referrals from other
trades did around like 400 grand and
then I think the second year was like
600 grand. And these are like mostly
landscaping guys who follow us and like
would send us stuff.
&gt;&gt; That's basically free. That's organic.
It's Yeah, it's it's sweat marketing.
Like it's just you pick up your phone.
It's the Gary Vee. Like you just talk
into your phone. Like
&gt;&gt; the only marketing that we have ever
paid for was in that first month doing
Angie's like Home Advisor and then we've
done a couple of Yelp promotions, but
we've probably done like seven or eight
million dollars of revenue all organic
driven. Another asterisk is like
advertising works. Don't be the dumb
contractor who's like all you need is
word of mouth and like just doing good
work is enough. It's not. Advertising
works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.

[24:00]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So like that's a big initiative for us
in 2026 is like winning at you know PPC,
Google LSA, you know, meta ads, that
kind of a thing. But but you know our
first three years like we spent nothing
on ads.
&gt;&gt; That's incredible. Have you ever heard
the quote uh 50% of advertising works?
You just don't know which 50%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Oh, well,
there's better tools about like
attribution and things like that. But
yeah, the important thing is that it's
funny like you do run into a lot of
contractors who will tell you like
advertising doesn't work or we tried
Facebook ads and they don't work. Like
they do work. You're just doing it wrong
&gt;&gt; or you don't know how
&gt;&gt; you're not testing enough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yeah. So, you got to get that
system going where you have your digital
billboards, you're posting a lot and and
you're, you know, you're off to the
races. Well, what I love about what you
say, which is different than what I say
on this podcast a lot, like a lot of
times I'm like, you know, hedge your
bets. Don't quit your thing yet. You
know, just start testing it on the side.
Go see how it works. Go quote some jobs.
And you're like allin, like digital

[25:01]
And you're like allin, like digital
billboards everywhere. No pride, no
shame. This is who I am. Face to the
camera, real, authentic, like what do I
have to hide? And good things happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I'm like not skilled
enough to do something and hope that it
works. And only with 150% effort will it
work. I'm just not smart enough and
talented enough. So for me, and that's
how I've been my whole life, I just know
that like I have to do it. I have to be
allin
&gt;&gt; otherwise it won't work.
&gt;&gt; And also like look, this is a really
hard business.
&gt;&gt; What did your first year look like with
regards to revenue and profit?
&gt;&gt; We got close to the million-doll mark.
It's been a minute so in the in the
first year. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Profit is a hard number because it's
like, you know, what is owner pay versus
the thing is like it depends on how you
want to measure the hours that the owner
puts in the like labor hours versus all
the other stuff. Guys, I hate to break
it to you, but you're not very likely to

[26:00]
it to you, but you're not very likely to
actually start a business based on
something you see or hear on this
podcast unless you spend a little more
time with me and with other people that
are doing just that. So, come check out
TK Owners. That's tkowners.com where
hundreds of people are launching,
starting, testing, experimenting with
business ideas that they heard from this
podcast. If you want to go fast, go
alone. If you want to go far, go
together. Check out tkowners.com. We'd
love to have you. There are a lot of
guys who are, you know, one man on the
tools with two good helpers who gross,
you know, 1.5 consistently year in year
out and they're probably take home is
25% like SDE margins, which is like
somewhere between it's like not exactly
net margin, you know, like a little bit
little that, but
&gt;&gt; most trade businesses guide to a not
most aately
trade or service business is going to
guide to like 15% net margins. If you do
more than that, you're underinvesting in

[27:01]
more than that, you're underinvesting in
something and if you do less than that,
you need help with something.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, first year just under a
million. Uh, and how many years has it
been?
&gt;&gt; Four years in February. We'll complete
four years.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And what do you expect to do this
year? Yeah, this year. Last year,
&gt;&gt; something north of four and something
less than eight.
&gt;&gt; Wow. when I first started like talking
about the business online was like
pretty comfortable like talking about
revenue numbers and now I'm like I don't
really need to or want to anymore and
like I'm not trying to spawn a bunch of
stump grinding competitors or tell my
local competitors what we're doing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But it's very interesting because I
think that for me it depends on what
your personal motivations and goals are,
right? Like working in a highpaying W2
is very much on the table for me. I'm
only interested in entrepreneurship if
it is something that reduce that is like
an appropriate risk return reward,
right? And I think that you don't really
get to a place where you reduce key man

[28:01]
get to a place where you reduce key man
risk until you get to like 7 $8 million
in revenue and and we're not there yet,
but we we will be in the next two years.
That's the stage where you can have
capable leaders working on a management
team, right? The journey from like call
it three million to eight million is a
lot of times they'll call it like the
death zone in small business because you
don't really have the resources and
profit to you know invest in elite elite
leadership but
&gt;&gt; but you need it
&gt;&gt; but then you need it right so it takes a
capable uh captains steering the ship
and really good people and I mean look
everything that we have been able to
accomplish is 100% a function of the
people who work for me and who work
around me and the ecosystem that we've
built, right? Like we have really
amazing people and my job is to find
them and nurture them, give them the
tools they need to to grow. And most of
it is encouragement and sometimes I
carry a stick, but a lot of times it's

[29:00]
carry a stick, but a lot of times it's
just, you know, encouragement and
pumping up. And I really do believe in
this idea of like this kind of ecosystem
is conspiring in our favor and wants
good things to happen for us. And at
this point, I have this big team who I
work with and like they're wonderful
people and it's impossible for us to
lose because of how good they are. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. What do unit economics look like
on an average job? Because you're
subbing out the work, aren't you?
&gt;&gt; Well, no. So, the sub versus uh in-house
is tricky in California. There's a lot
of California is I'm from here, but I
had spent a lot of my professional life
in other states. The complaining and
grief that California gets for being a
difficult place to do business is if
anything understated. It's very
challenging. You can do well with subs,
but you have to be it's like anything.
You have to be good at what you do. You
have to be good at managing subs or you
have to be good at having people
inhouse. The way that I think about
margins is that every service business
should be bidding at around 50% gross

[30:00]
should be bidding at around 50% gross
margin.
&gt;&gt; That is what will guide you to 15% net.
Now, you go on Facebook groups and you
start asking people what they charge and
like people just don't know or they
think they get confused between margin
and markup and it's like I always
simplify it for people and I say look
margin is or what you need is 2x your
cost of service, right? So, you measure
your labor inputs and your material
inputs and then you multiply it by two
and that's your price. In reality, you
don't hit the 50% gross margin because
you miss something on your bid or some
accident happened or
&gt;&gt; but if you don't price at 50% gross
margin on all your jobs, the anomalous
jobs where you lose money will sink your
business, right? So, it's like
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, you do 10 jobs, you price them
all at 50% gross margin, two of them
you're going to lose money on, and that
is what guides you to 15% net. One thing
that sucks about this life and this
business when I was doing investing we
would had this term of like asymmetric

[31:01]
would had this term of like asymmetric
upside where you'd have like five value
drivers and you would you said like okay
if if one of them goes well we make our
money and we hit our base case but if
four go well then there's this
optionality for upside. With
construction and service business
there's asymmetric downside. So it's
like
&gt;&gt; you have your the amount of revenue that
you can earn and if everything goes well
this is what your cost will be but
things never go perfectly to plan. So
this is always getting compressed. So
the skilled operators what I have
learned in this space are you push this
as high as possible in the beginning of
the process and then you hold the line
on margin during the execution of the
process which a lot of times happens
through you know rigorously enforcing
agreements with subcontractors or
writing your own labor budget really
hard or you know aggressively
negotiating supplier agreements or
fighting for change orders with clients
and like sticking to scope and that's
what I have found as I've grown as an

[32:00]
what I have found as I've grown as an
operator like those are the areas where
the real talent lies. It's like how do
you push the top line as as high as you
can in the initial setting of it because
it doesn't ever go higher once the job
starts unless the client requests scope
change and then how do you hold this
line on on costs. But yeah, I I think
that just as a rule of thumb bid at 50%
gross which means 2x your costs, right?
Some people get that confusing
&gt;&gt; and that's that's what you Yeah, you
need to guide to.
&gt;&gt; I love it. Is there anything else you
wanted to give advice on that you might
have missed before we wrap?
&gt;&gt; It's like I'm very online and very
reachable. If you are uh thinking about
doing something in home services or are
doing something in home services and you
know want to bounce ideas off of or have
me look at something like I love that
stuff. So please like reach out. You can
find me. I'm not Chris can give you my
info, but like not hard to find. And I
love kind of sharing ideas, spitballing.
We're always hiring. We're always

[33:00]
We're always hiring. We're always
looking for great people either like
full-time or to like project work on
like random projects for us. So, if
you're in California or not, like we've
got people who've done a bunch of cool
remote projects for us, hit me up. And
if you're in the broader Southern
California area and you need a deck, we
are very good at building them and build
more decks than anybody else. and have
the best team. So, hit hit me up for for
that. So,
&gt;&gt; of course, sure you are. I mean,
statistically, I think like 3% of the
listeners will be in Southern
California. So,
&gt;&gt; perfect. Perfect.
&gt;&gt; Something
&gt;&gt; perfect.
&gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Jameson.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Chris. This has been great.
&gt;&gt; All right. What' you think? Please share
it with a friend and we'll see you next
time on the Kerner