[00:00]
The competition is heating up. You've
been uh friendly with Elon even though
technically is a competitor. What do you
think about the robo taxi efforts that
Tesla is doing? We don't compete with
Tesla directly. We are not making cars
etc. Right. We building L45 autonomy.
We're building a Whimo driver which is
general purpose and can be used in many

[00:17]
general purpose and can be used in many
settings. They're obviously working on
making Tesla self-driving too. I've just
assumed it's a de facto that Elon would
succeed in whatever he does. So that is
uh not something I question. These
spaces are such vast spaces. In all

[00:31]
spaces are such vast spaces. In all
future scenarios, I see Tesla doing well
and Whimo doing well. We've always been
a deep technology company. Whimo is a
version of building a AI robot that
works well. This year we've scaled up a
lot and we'll continue scaling up in 26.

[00:45]
lot and we'll continue scaling up in 26.
Like we mentioned with the Neolithic
package, I think it's very possible that
in the quote unquote AI package when the
history is written, autonomous vehicles
is like the big thing that changes
everything. just a complete transition
from manually driven to autonomous in
ways we might not predict. It might
change the way we move about the world

[01:01]
change the way we move about the world
completely. Second and third order
effects as you're seeing now with Tesla
very possibly you would see internally
with Alphabet, maybe Whimo, maybe some
of the Gemini robotics stuff cuz we
should remember that Whimo is a robot.
It just happens to be on four wheels.
You said that the next big thing might

[01:16]
You said that the next big thing might
be in the space of robotics. Demis and
the Google Deepoint team is very focused
on Gemini robotics, right? We are
definitely building the underlying
models. So we have a lot of investments
there and I think we also pretty cutting
edge in our research there. So we are
definitely driving that direction. We

[01:31]
definitely driving that direction. We
obviously are thinking about
applications. We are partnering with a
few companies today but it's an area I
would say stay tuned. We are yet to
fully articulate our plans outside but
it's an area we are definitely committed
to driving a lot of progress but I think
AI ends up driving that massive progress

[01:45]
AI ends up driving that massive progress
in robotics. The field has been held
back. I mean the hardware has made
extraordinary progress. The software had
been the challenge, but you know with AI
now and the generalized models we are
building, getting them to work in the
real world in a safe way, in a
generalized way is the frontier we're

[02:00]
generalized way is the frontier we're
pushing pretty hard on.