[00:01]
Still, how you doing? Good to meet you.
Nice to meet you. So, um, as Max
mentioned, got glasses here. We start
with, um, the foundation of great
glasses, something stylish, lightweight,
wearable, and we say, how can we build
great technology and experiences on top
of that? One of the core tenants of the
Android XR platform, this idea of a

[00:16]
Android XR platform, this idea of a
multimodal conversational device, see
what you see, what you hear. So, we've
got a camera, you've got speakers,
multiple microphones for speaker
isolation. I'll give you a chance to try
these yourself. Yeah. Sorry, woke it up
there. Whoa. Yeah. So, the first thing
you see, simple, straightforward home

[00:31]
you see, simple, straightforward home
screen. So, you probably see the time,
the weather, calendar, appointments
there. This is designed to be sort of
your one-stop shop for quick glanceable
information throughout the day. We want
to be something that's um easy to, you
know, get what you need, and then go
back to what you're doing. So, you can
imagine, you know, turning on the

[00:45]
imagine, you know, turning on the
display, getting that quick glance, and
then um continuing on your way. You can
be fully conversational at this point.
You can um ask questions, for example,
about the paintings. You can interrupt.
You can ask follow-up questions. And as
I mentioned before, if you want to at
any time pause, you just tap there on
the right. Gemini, how much does this

[01:00]
the right. Gemini, how much does this
painting cost? The painting is called
the bridge of belief 1875 by Arman Gome.
It appears to be a print and it would be
impossible to know its cost without
finding the seller. Okay, so this is
fake. I understand. Why do humans pay so

[01:15]
fake. I understand. Why do humans pay so
much money for paintings? People pay a
lot for paintings because of their
artistic merit, the artist, the decent
rarity, and for the appreciation he
learned. Did you catch Google IO last
week by any chance? So, you might have
seen on stage the uh Google Maps
experience very briefly. Want to give

[01:30]
experience very briefly. Want to give
you a chance to get a sense of what that
feels like today. You can imagine you're
walking down the street. If you look up
like you're walking straight ahead, you
get quick turnbyturn directions. So, you
have a sense of what the next turn is
like, your phone in your pocket. Oh,
that's so intuitive. Sometimes you need

[01:46]
that's so intuitive. Sometimes you need
that quick sense of which way is the
right way. Sometimes. Yeah. So you,
let's say you're coming out the subway,
getting out of a cab, you can just
glance down at your feet. We have it set
up to translate from Russian to English.
I think I get to wear the glasses. You
speak to me if you don't mind.

[02:01]
speak to me if you don't mind.
I can speak Russian.
I'm doing well. How are you doing?
Tempted to swear. Tempted to say
inappropriate things.

[02:19]
uh I see it transcribed in real time and
so obviously you know based on the uh
different languages and the sequence of
subjects and verbs there's a slight
delay sometimes but it's really just
like subtitles for the real world. Cool.

[02:30]
like subtitles for the real world. Cool.
Thank you for this. Thank you for
watching this clip. Please subscribe to
the Lex Freedman YouTube channel and
consider watching the full episode of
the podcast.