[00:00]
The following is a conversation with
Terrence Tao. Widely considered to be
one of the greatest mathematicians in
history. Often referred to as the Mozart
of math, he won the Fields Medal and the
Breakthrough Prize in mathematics and

[00:16]
Breakthrough Prize in mathematics and
has contributed groundbreaking work to a
truly astonishing range of fields in
mathematics and physics.
This was a huge honor for me for many
reasons, including the humility and

[00:30]
reasons, including the humility and
kindness that Terry showed to me
throughout all our interactions. It
means the world. This is the Lex
Freedman podcast. To support it, please
check out our sponsors in the
description or at
lexfreedman.com/sponsors.

[00:45]
lexfreedman.com/sponsors.
And now, dear friends, here's Terren
Tao.
What was the first really difficult
research level math problem that you
encountered? One that gave you pause
maybe. Well, I mean in your
undergraduate um education, you learn

[01:01]
undergraduate um education, you learn
about the really hard impossible
problems like the reman hypothesis, the
twin primes conjecture. You can make
problems arbitrarily difficult. That's
not really a problem. In fact, there's
even problems that we know to be
unsolvable. What's really interesting
are the problems just at the on the
boundary between what we can do

[01:16]
boundary between what we can do
relatively easily and what are hopeless.
Um but what are problems where like
existing techniques can do like 90% of
the job and then you just need that
remaining 10%. Um I think as a PhD
student the CA problem certainly caught

[01:31]
student the CA problem certainly caught
my eye and it just got solved actually.
It's a problem I've worked on a lot in
my early research. Historically it came
from a little puzzle by the Japanese
mathematician Soji Kaya uh in like 1918
or so. Um, so the puzzle is that you you
you have um a needle um in on the plane.

[01:49]
you have um a needle um in on the plane.
Um think like like a like driving like
on on on a road something and you you
want it to execute a U-turn. You want to
turn the needle around. Um but you want
to do it in as little space as possible.

[02:00]
to do it in as little space as possible.
So you want to use as little area in
order to turn it around. So um but the
needle is infinitely maneuverable.
So you can imagine just spinning it
around its um as a unit needle. You can
spin it around its center. Um, and I
think, um, that gives you a disc of of

[02:15]
think, um, that gives you a disc of of
area, I think pi over four. Um, or you
can do a three-point U-turn, which is
what they we teach people in in the
driving schools to do. Uh, and that
actually takes area pi over 8. So, it's
it's a little bit more efficient than um
a rotation. And so, for a while, people
thought that was the most efficient uh

[02:30]
thought that was the most efficient uh
way to turn things around. But,
Mazikovich uh showed that in fact, you
could actually uh turn the needle around
using as little area as you wanted. So
0001 there was some really fancy multi-
um u back and forth U-turn thing that

[02:45]
um u back and forth U-turn thing that
you could you could do that that you
could turn a needle around and in so
doing it would pass through every
intermediate direction. Is this in the
two dimensional plane? This is in the
two dimensional plane. Yeah. So we
understand everything in two dimensions.
So the next question is what happens in
three dimensions. So suppose like the

[03:00]
three dimensions. So suppose like the
Hubble space telescope is tube in space
and you want to observe every single
star in the universe. So you want to
rotate the telescope to reach every
single direction. And here's unrealistic
part. Suppose that space is at a
premium, which it totally is not. Uh you
want to occupy as little volume as

[03:15]
want to occupy as little volume as
possible in order to rotate your your
needle around in order to see every
single star in the sky. Um how small a
volume do you need to do that? And so
you can modify basic construction. And
so if your telescope has zero thickness,
then you can use as little volume as you

[03:30]
then you can use as little volume as you
need. That's a simple modification of
the two dimensional construction. But
the question is that if your telescope
is not zero thickness but but just very
very thin some thickness delta what is
the minimum volume needed to be able to
see every single direction as a function
of delta. So as delta gets smaller as

[03:46]
of delta. So as delta gets smaller as
you need gets thinner the volume should
go down but but how fast does it go
down? Um and the conjecture was that it
goes down very very slowly um like
logarithmically um uh roughly speaking
and that was proved after a lot of work.

[04:02]
and that was proved after a lot of work.
So this seems like a puzzle. Why is it
interesting? So it turns out to be
surprisingly connected to a lot of
problems in partial differential
equations, in number theory, in
geometry, comics. For example, in in
wave propagation, you splash some some

[04:15]
wave propagation, you splash some some
water around um you create water waves
and they they travel in various
directions. Um but waves exhibit both
both particle and wave type behavior. So
you can have what's called a wave
packet, which is like a a very localized
wave that is localized in space and
moving a certain direction in time. And

[04:30]
moving a certain direction in time. And
so if you plot it in both space and
time, it occupies a region which looks
like a tube. And so what can happen is
that you can have a wave which initially
is very dispersed but it all comes it
all focuses at a single point later in
time. Like you can imagine dropping a

[04:45]
time. Like you can imagine dropping a
pebble into a pond and ripples spread
out. But then if you time reverse that
that um that scenario and the equations
of wave motion are time reversible. You
can imagine ripples that are converging
um to a single point and then a big
splash occurs um maybe even a
singularity.

[05:01]
singularity.
Um and so it's possible to do that. Uh
and geometrically what's going on is
that there's always s of light rays. Um
so like if if if this wave represents
light for example um you can imagine
this wave as a superp position of
photons um all traveling at the speed of

[05:15]
photons um all traveling at the speed of
light. They all travel on these light
rays and they're all focusing at this
one point. So you can have a very
dispersed wave focus into a very
concentrated wave at one point in space
and time, but then it defocuses again
and it separates. But potentially if the

[05:30]
and it separates. But potentially if the
conjecture had a negative solution. So
what that meant is that there's there's
a very efficient way to pack um tubes
pointing different directions into a
very very narrow region of of of very
narrow volume. Then you would also be
able to create waves that start out some
there'll be some arrangement of waves

[05:45]
there'll be some arrangement of waves
that start out very very dispersed but
they would concentrate not just at a
single point but um um there'll be a
large um there'll be a lot of
concentrations in space and time and uh
um and you could create what's called a
blowup where these waves their amplitude

[06:01]
blowup where these waves their amplitude
becomes so great that the laws of
physics that they're governed by are no
longer wave equations but something more
complicated and nonlinear. Um and so in
mathematical physics we care a lot about
whether certain equations in in wave
equations are stable or not whether they
can create um these singularities.

[06:16]
can create um these singularities.
There's a famous unsolved problem called
the Navia Stokes regularity problem. So
the Navia Stokes equations equations
that govern the fluid flow for
incompressible fluids like water. The
question asks if you start with a smooth
velocity field of water can it ever
concentrate so much that like the

[06:31]
concentrate so much that like the
velocity becomes infinite at some point
that's called a singularity. We don't
see that um in real life. You know, if
you splash around water on the bathtub,
it won't explode on you. Um or or have
have water leaving at the speed of
light, I think. But potentially, it is

[06:47]
light, I think. But potentially, it is
possible. Um and in fact, in recent
years, the the consensus has has drifted
towards the uh the belief that uh that
in fact for certain very special initial
configurations of of say water that

[07:01]
configurations of of say water that
singularities can form. But people have
not yet been able to uh to actually
establish this. The clay foundation has
these seven millennium prize problems
has a million dollar prize for solving
one of these problems that this is one
of them. Of these seven only one of them
has been solved the point conjecture by

[07:16]
has been solved the point conjecture by
Pelman. So the Ka conjecture is not
directly directly related to the Navis
Stokes problem but understanding it
would help us understand some aspects of
things like wave concentration which
would indirectly probably help us

[07:31]
would indirectly probably help us
understand the Navis problem better. Can
you speak to the neighbors? So the
existence and smoothness like you said
millennial prize problem right you've
made a lot of progress on this one in
2016 you published a paper finite time
blow up for an averaged threedimensional

[07:45]
blow up for an averaged threedimensional
navia stoke equation right
so we're trying to figure out if this
thing usually doesn't blow up right but
can we say for sure it never blows up
right yeah so yeah that is literally the
the million- dollar question yeah so

[08:00]
the million- dollar question yeah so
this is what distinguishes
mathematicians from pretty much
everybody else like it
If something holds 99.99% of the time,
um that's good enough for most, you
know, uh for for most things, but
mathematicians are one of the few people
who really care about whether every like

[08:15]
who really care about whether every like
100% really 100% of all um situations
are covered by by um yeah, so most fluid
most of the time um water that does not
blow up. But could you design a very
special initial state that does this?
And maybe we should say that this is a

[08:31]
And maybe we should say that this is a
this is a set of equations that govern
in the field of fluid dynamics. Trying
to understand how fluid behaves and it's
actually turns out to be a really comp
you know fluid is yeah extremely
complicated thing to try to model. Yeah.
So it has practical importance. So this
clay price problem concerns what's

[08:46]
clay price problem concerns what's
called the incompressible navio stokes
which governs things like water. There's
something called the compressible navio
stokes which governs things like air.
And that's particularly important for
weather prediction. Weather prediction
it does a lot of computational fluid
dynamics. A lot of it is actually just
trying to solve the ny stokes equations
as best they can. Um also gathering a

[09:03]
as best they can. Um also gathering a
lot of data so that they can get they
can in initialize the equation. There's
a lot of moving parts. So it's very
important practically. Why is it
difficult to prove general things
about the set of equations like it not

[09:16]
about the set of equations like it not
not blowing up? Short answer is
Maxwell's demon. Um so exos demon is a
concept in thermodynamics like if you
have a box of two gases and oxygen and
hydrogen uh and maybe you start with all
the oxygen one side and nitrogen the
other side but there's no barrier
between them right then they will mix um

[09:31]
between them right then they will mix um
and they should stay mixed right there
there's no reason why they should unmix
but in principle because of all the
collisions between them there could be
some sort of weird conspiracy that that
um like maybe there's a microscopic
demon called Maxwell's demon that will
um every time a oxygen and nitrogen atom

[09:46]
um every time a oxygen and nitrogen atom
collide they will bounce off in such a
way that the oxygen sort of drifts onto
one side and then goes to the other and
uh you could have an extremely
improbable configuration emerge. Uh
which we never see. Um and and we
statistically it's extremely unlikely

[10:01]
statistically it's extremely unlikely
but mathematically it's possible that
this can happen and we can't rule it
out. Um and this is a situation that
shows up a lot in mathematics. Um a
basic example is the digits of pi
3.14159 and so forth. The digits look

[10:15]
3.14159 and so forth. The digits look
like they have no pattern and we believe
they have no pattern. On the long term,
you should see as many ones and twos and
threes as fours and fives and sixes.
There should be no preference in the
digits of pi to favor let's say 7 over
8. Um, but maybe there's some demon in

[10:30]
8. Um, but maybe there's some demon in
the digits of pi that that like every
time you compute more digits, it sort of
biases one digit to another. Um, and
this is a conspiracy that should not
happen. There's no reason it should
happen, but um there's there's there's
no way to prove it.
uh with our current technology. Okay. So

[10:46]
uh with our current technology. Okay. So
getting back to Nabia Stokes, a fluid
has a certain amount of energy and
because a fluid is in motion, the energy
gets transported around and water is
also viscous. So if the energy is spread
out over many different locations, the
natural viscosity of the fluid will just

[11:00]
natural viscosity of the fluid will just
damp out the energy and will it will go
to zero. Um and this is what happens um
in um uh when we actually experiment
with water like you splash around there.
there's some turbulence and waves and so
forth. But eventually it it settles down
and and and the the lower the amplitude,

[11:16]
and and and the the lower the amplitude,
the smaller the velocity, the the more
calm it gets. Um but potentially there
is some sort of a demon that keeps
pushing the uh the energy of the fluid
into a smaller and smaller scale and it
will move faster and faster and at
faster speeds the effective viscosity is

[11:30]
faster speeds the effective viscosity is
relatively less. And so it could happen
that that it it creates a some sort of
um um what's called a self similar
blowup scenario where you know um the
energy of fluid starts off at some um
large scale and then it all sort of um

[11:45]
large scale and then it all sort of um
transfers it energy into a smaller um
region of of of the fluid which then at
a much faster rate um moves into um an
even smaller region and so forth. Um and
and each time it does this uh it takes
maybe half as as long as as the previous

[12:00]
maybe half as as long as as the previous
one and then you you could you could
actually uh converge to all the energy
concentrating in one point in a finite
amount of time. Um and that that's uh
that scenario is called finite blow up.
Um so in practice this doesn't happen.

[12:15]
Um so in practice this doesn't happen.
Um so water is what's called turbulent.
Um so it is true that um if you have a
big eddy of water it will tend to break
up into smaller eddies but it won't
transfer all the the energy from one big
eddy into one smaller eddy. It will
transfer into maybe three or four and
then those must split up into maybe

[12:30]
then those must split up into maybe
three or four small edies of their own
and so the energy gets dispersed to the
point where the viscosity can can then
keep that thing under control. Um but if
it can somehow um concentrate um all the
energy keep it all together um and do it

[12:45]
energy keep it all together um and do it
fast enough that the viscous effects
don't have enough time to calm
everything down then this blob can
occur. So there were papers who had
claimed that oh you just need to take
into account conservation energy and
just carefully use the viscosity and you
can keep everything under control for
not just Navia Stokes but for many many

[13:01]
not just Navia Stokes but for many many
types of equations like this and so in
the past there have been many attempts
to try to obtain what's called global
regularity for Navio Stokes which is the
opposite of final time blow up that
velocity say smooth and it all failed
there was always some sign error or some
subtle mistake and and it couldn't be

[13:15]
subtle mistake and and it couldn't be
salvaged. Um so what I was interested in
doing was trying to explain why we were
not able to disprove um planet time blow
up. I couldn't do it for the actual
equations of fluids which were too
complicated. But if I could average the

[13:30]
complicated. But if I could average the
equations of motion of naval basically
if if um if I could turn off certain
types of of ways in which water
interacts and only keep the ones that I
want. Um, so in particular, um, if, um,
if there's a fluid and it could transfer
energy from a large Eddie into this

[13:46]
energy from a large Eddie into this
small Eddie or this other small Eddie, I
would turn off the energy channel that
would transfer energy to this this one
and and direct it only into um, this
smaller Eddie while still preserving the
law of conservation of energy. So you're
trying to make it blow up. Yeah. Yeah.

[14:00]
trying to make it blow up. Yeah. Yeah.
So I I I basically engineer um, a blow
up by changing the laws of physics,
which is one thing that mathematicians
are allowed to do. We can change the
equation. How does that help you get
closer to the proof of something? Right?
So, it provides what's called an
obstruction in mathematics. Um, so, so

[14:15]
obstruction in mathematics. Um, so, so
what I did was that uh basically if I
turned off the um certain parts of the
equation, so which usually when you turn
off certain interactions make it less
nonlinear, it makes it more regular and
less likely to blow up. But I found that
by turning off a very well-designed set

[14:30]
by turning off a very well-designed set
of of of of interactions, I could force
all the energy to blow in finite time.
So what that means is that if you wanted
to prove um global regularity for Navia
Stokes um for the actual equation you
had you must use some feature of the

[14:47]
had you must use some feature of the
true equation which which my artificial
equation um does not satisfy. So it it
rules out certain um certain approaches.
So um the thing about math is is it's
not just about finding you know taking a

[15:00]
not just about finding you know taking a
technique that is going to work and
applying it but you you need to not take
the techniques that don't work. Um and
for the problems that are really hard,
often there are dozens of ways that you
might think might apply to solve the
problem. But uh it's only after a lot of

[15:15]
problem. But uh it's only after a lot of
experience that you realize there's no
way that these methods are going to
work. So having these counter examples
for nearby problems um kind of rules out
um uh it saves you a lot of time because
you you're not wasting um energy on on
things that you now know cannot possibly

[15:30]
things that you now know cannot possibly
ever work. How deeply connected is it to
that specific problem of fluid dynamics
or just some more general intuition you
build up about mathematics? Right. Yeah.
So the key phenomenon that uh my my
technique exploits is what's called
superc criticality. So in partial

[15:45]
superc criticality. So in partial
differential equations often these
equations are like a tugof-war between
different forces. So in Navia Stokes
there's the dissipation um force coming
from viscosity and it's very well
understood. It's linear. It calms things
down. If if viscosity was all there was,
then then nothing bad would ever happen.

[16:01]
then then nothing bad would ever happen.
Um but there's also transport um that
that energy from in one location of
space can get transported because the
fluid is in motion to to other
locations. Um and that's a nonlinear
effect and that causes all the all the
problems. Um so there are these two

[16:15]
problems. Um so there are these two
competing terms in the Davis equation
the dissipation term and the transport
term. If the dissipation term dominates,
if it's if it's large, then basically
you get regularity. And if um if the
transport term dominates, then uh then
we don't know what's going on. It's a

[16:30]
we don't know what's going on. It's a
very nonlinear situation. It's
unpredictable. It's turbulent. So
sometimes these forces are in balance at
small scales, but not in balance at
large scales or or vice versa. Um so
Navis Stokes is what's called
supercritical. So at at smaller and
smaller scales, the transport terms are
much stronger than the viscosity terms.

[16:46]
much stronger than the viscosity terms.
So the viscosity are the things that
calm things down. Um and so this is um
um this is why the problem is hard in
two dimensions. So the Soviet
mathematician ladish skaya she in the
60s shows in two dimensions there is no

[17:00]
60s shows in two dimensions there is no
blow up and in two dimensions the nav
equations is what's called critical the
effect of transport and the effect of
viscosity about the same strength even
at very very small scales and we have a
lot of technology to handle critical and
also subcritical equations and proof um
regularity but for superc critical

[17:15]
regularity but for superc critical
equations it was not clear what was
going on
and I did a lot of work and then there's
been a lot of follow-up showing that for
many other types of superc critical
equations you create all kinds of blow
up examples. Once the nonlinear effects
dominate the linear effects at small

[17:30]
dominate the linear effects at small
scales, you can have all kinds of bad
things happen. So this is sort of one of
the main insights of this this line of
work is that superc criticality versus
criticality and subcriticality. This
this makes a big difference. I mean
that's a key qualitative feature that
distinguishes some equations for being

[17:45]
distinguishes some equations for being
sort of nice and predictable and you
know like like planetary motion and I
mean there are certain equations that
that you can predict for millions of
years and or thousands at least. Again,
it's not really a problem, but but
there's a reason why we can't predict
the weather past 2 weeks into the future
because it's a super critical equation.

[18:01]
because it's a super critical equation.
Lots of really strange things are going
on at very fine scales. So, whenever
there is some huge source of
nonlinearity,
yeah, that can create a huge problem for
predicting what's going to happen. Yeah.
And if the nonlinearity is somehow more

[18:15]
And if the nonlinearity is somehow more
and more featured and interesting at at
small scales. Um I mean there's there's
many equations that are nonlinear but um
in in many equations you can approximate
things by the bulk. Um so for example
planetary motion you know if you want to
understand the orbit of the moon or Mars
or something you don't really need the

[18:31]
or something you don't really need the
micro structure of like the seismology
of the moon or or like exactly how the
mass is distributed. um you just
basically you can almost approximate
these planets by point masses and just
the aggregate behavior is important um
but if you want to model a fluid um like

[18:46]
but if you want to model a fluid um like
like the weather you can't just say in
Los Angeles the temperature is this the
wind speed is this for super critical
equations the finance confirmation is is
really important if we can just linger
on the narto's uh equations a little bit
so you've suggested maybe you can

[19:00]
so you've suggested maybe you can
describe it that one of the ways to uh
solve it or to negatively resolve it
would be to
sort of to construct a liquid a kind of
liquid computer, right? And then show
that the halting problem from

[19:15]
that the halting problem from
computation theory has consequences for
fluid dynamics. So uh show it in that
way. Can you describe this this Yeah. So
this came out of of this work of
constructing this this this average
equation that that blew up. Um so one um

[19:30]
equation that that blew up. Um so one um
as as part of how I had to do this. So
there this naive way to do it. You you
just keep pushing um um every time you
you get energy at one scale you you push
it immediately to the next scale as as
fast as possible. This is sort of the
naive way to to to to force blow up. Um

[19:45]
naive way to to to to force blow up. Um
it turns out in five and high dimensions
this works. Um but in three dimensions
there was this funny phenomenon that I
discovered that if you if you keep if if
you change the laws of physics you just
always keep trying to push um the energy
into smaller smaller scales. Um what

[20:00]
into smaller smaller scales. Um what
happens is that the energy starts
getting spread out into multi many
scales at once. Um so that you you have
energy at one scale you're pushing it
into the next scale and then um as soon
as it enters that scale you also push it
to the next scale but there's still some
energy left over from the previous

[20:15]
energy left over from the previous
scale. um you're trying to do everything
at once. Um and this spreads out the
energy too much. Um and then it turns
out that that um it makes it vulnerable
for viscosity to come in and actually
just damp out everything. So um so it
turns out this this direct bush doesn't

[20:30]
turns out this this direct bush doesn't
doesn't actually work. There was a
separate paper by some other authors
that actually showed this um in three
dimensions. Um so what I needed was to
program a delay. Um so kind of like air
locks. So um I needed an equation which
would start with a fluid doing something

[20:46]
would start with a fluid doing something
at one scale. It would push this energy
into the next scale but it would stay
there until all the energy from the from
the larger scale got transferred and
only after you pushed all the energy in
then you sort of open the next gate and
and then you you push that in as well.

[21:01]
and then you you push that in as well.
So um by doing that it kind of the
energy inches forward scale by scale in
such a way that it's always um localized
at one scale at a time. Um and then it
can resist the effects of viscosity
because it's not dispersed. Um so in
order to make that happen um yeah I had

[21:17]
order to make that happen um yeah I had
to construct a rather complicated
nonlinearity. Um and it was basically
like um you know like was constructed
like electronic circuit. So I I actually
thank my wife for this because she was
trained as a electrical engineer. Um and

[21:30]
trained as a electrical engineer. Um and
um you know he talked about um uh you
know he had to design circuits and so
forth. And you know if if you want a
circuit that does a certain thing like
maybe have a light that that flashes on
and then turns off and then on and then
off. You can build it from from more
primitive components you know capacitors
and resistors and so forth and you have

[21:46]
and resistors and so forth and you have
to build a diagram and you um and these
diagrams you can you can sort of follow
your eyeballs and say oh yeah the the
current will build up here and then it
will stop and then it will do that. So I
knew how to build the analog of basic
electronic components, you know, like
resistors and capacitors and so forth.

[22:01]
resistors and capacitors and so forth.
And and I would I would stack them
together um in in such a way that that I
would create something that would open
one gate and then there'll be a clock
that would and then once the clock hits
a certain threshold it would close it
kind of a rude Goldberg type machine but
described mathematically and this ended

[22:15]
described mathematically and this ended
up working. So what I realized is that
if you could pull the same thing off for
the actual equations. So if the
equations of water support a computation
so um like if you can imagine kind of a
steampunk but really water punk uh type
of thing where um you know so modern

[22:31]
of thing where um you know so modern
computers are electronic you know they
they they're powered by by electrons
passing through very tiny wires and
interacting with other electrons and so
forth. But instead of electrons, you can
imagine these pulses of of water moving
at certain velocity and maybe it's

[22:46]
at certain velocity and maybe it's
they're two different configurations
corresponding to a bit being up or down.
Probably if you had two of these moving
bodies of water collide, it would come
out with some new configuration which is
which would be something like an ANDgate
or orgate. you know that if the the the

[23:01]
or orgate. you know that if the the the
output would depend in a very
predictable way on on the inputs and
like you could chain these together and
maybe create a touring machine and and
then you could you have computers which
are made completely out of water um and
if you have computers then maybe you can
do robotics so I you know hydraulics and

[23:17]
do robotics so I you know hydraulics and
so forth um and so you could create some
machine which is basically a fluid
analog what's called a vonomian machine
so vonomian proposed if you want to
colonize Mars. The sheer cost of

[23:30]
colonize Mars. The sheer cost of
transporting people machines to Mars is
just ridiculous. But if you could
transport one machine to Mars and this
machine had the ability to mine the
planet, create some more materials to
smelt them and build more copies of the
same machine. Um, then you could

[23:45]
same machine. Um, then you could
colonize a whole planet um over time.
Um, so uh if you could build a fluid
machine, which uh yeah, so it's it's
it's a it's a robot. Okay. And what it
would do it its purpose in life, it's
programmed so that it would create a

[24:01]
programmed so that it would create a
smaller version of itself in some sort
of cold state. It wouldn't start just
yet. Once it's ready, the big robot
configuration water would transfer all
his energy into the smaller
configuration and then power down. Okay?
And then like I clean itself up. And
then what's left is this newest state

[24:15]
then what's left is this newest state
which would then turn on and do the same
thing but smaller and faster. And then
the equation has a certain scaling
symmetry. Once you do that, it can just
keep iterating. So this in principle
would create a blow up uh for the actual
Navia Stokes and this is what I managed
to accomplish for this average Navia
Stokes. So it provided the sort of road

[24:31]
Stokes. So it provided the sort of road
map to solve the problem. Now this is uh
a pipe dream because uh there are so
many things that are missing for this to
actually be a reality. Um so um I I I
can't create these basic logic gates. Um

[24:45]
can't create these basic logic gates. Um
I I don't I don't have these in these
special configurations of water. Um, I
mean there's candidates there things
called vortex rings that might possibly
work but um um but also you know analog
computing is really nasty um compared to
digital computing. I mean because

[25:00]
digital computing. I mean because
there's always errors um you you have to
you have to do a lot of error correction
along the way. I don't know how to
completely power down the big machine so
that it doesn't interfere with the the
running of the smaller machine but
everything in principle can happen like
it doesn't contradict any of the laws of
physics. Um so it's sort of evidence

[25:17]
physics. Um so it's sort of evidence
that this thing is possible. Um there
are other groups who are now pursuing
ways to make navis blow up which are
nowhere near as ridiculously complicated
as this. Um um they they actually are

[25:30]
as this. Um um they they actually are
pursuing much closer to the the direct
self similar model which can it doesn't
quite work as is but there could be some
simpler scheme than what I just
described to make this work. There is a
real leap of genius here to go from
Navia Stokes to this touring machine. So

[25:46]
Navia Stokes to this touring machine. So
it goes from what the self similar blob
scenario that you're trying to get the
smaller and smaller blob to now having a
liquid toying machine gets smaller and
smaller and smaller and somehow seeing

[26:00]
smaller and smaller and somehow seeing
how that
could be used
to say something about a blowup. I mean
that's a big leap. So there's precedent.
I mean um so the the thing about
mathematics is that it's really good at
um spotting connections between what you

[26:16]
um spotting connections between what you
think of what you might think of as
completely different um problems. Um but
if if the mathematical form is the same
you you can you you can you can draw a
connection um so um there's a lot of
work previously on what called cellular
automator um the most famous of which is

[26:30]
automator um the most famous of which is
Conway's game of life. there's this
infinite discrete grid and at any given
time the grid is either occupied by a
cell or it's empty and there's a very
simple rule that uh tells you how these
cells evolve. So sometimes cells live
and sometimes they die. Um and this um
you know um when I was a a student it

[26:46]
you know um when I was a a student it
was a very popular screen saver to
actually just have these these
animations going and and they look very
chaotic. In fact they look a little bit
like turbulent float sometimes. But at
some point people discovered more and
more interesting structures within this
game of life. Um so for example they
discovered this thing called a glider.

[27:00]
discovered this thing called a glider.
So a glider is a very tiny configuration
of like four or five cells which evolves
and it just moves at a certain direction
and that's like this this vortex rings
this um yeah so this is an analogy the
game of life is kind of like a discrete
equation and and um the flu navis is a

[27:16]
equation and and um the flu navis is a
continuous equation but mathematically
they have some similar features um and
um so over time people discovered more
and more interesting things you could
build within the game of life. The game
life is a very simple system. It only
has like three or four rules um to to do

[27:31]
has like three or four rules um to to do
it, but but you can design all kinds of
interesting configurations inside it. Um
there's something called a glider gun
that does nothing to spit out gliders
one at a one one at a time. Um and then
after a lot of effort, people managed to
to create um and gates and or gates for

[27:47]
to create um and gates and or gates for
gliders. Like there's this massive
ridiculous structure which if you if a
if you have a stream of gliders um
coming in here and a stream of gliders
coming in here then you may produce a
stream of gliders coming out. If so
maybe if both of of the um streams um

[28:02]
maybe if both of of the um streams um
have gliders then there'll be an output
stream but if only one of them does then
nothing comes out. Mhm. So they could
build something like that. And once you
could build and um these basic gates
then just from software engineering you

[28:17]
then just from software engineering you
can build almost anything. Um you can
build a touring machine. I mean it's
like an enormous steampunk type things.
They look ridiculous. But then people
also generated self-replicating objects
in the game of life. A massive machine a

[28:30]
in the game of life. A massive machine a
bon machine which over a huge period of
time and it always look like glider guns
inside doing these very steampunk
calculations. it would create another
version of itself which could replicate.
It's so incredible. A lot of this was
like community crowdsourced by like
amateur mathematicians actually. Um so I

[28:47]
amateur mathematicians actually. Um so I
knew about that that that work and so
that is part of what inspired me to
propose the same thing with Navia
Stokes. Um which is a much as I said
analog is much worse than digital like
it's going to be um you can't just

[29:00]
it's going to be um you can't just
directly take the constructions in the
game of life and plunk them in. But
again it just it shows it's possible.
You know, there's a kind of emergence
that happens with these cellular automa.
Local rules.
Maybe it's similar to fluids. I don't

[29:15]
Maybe it's similar to fluids. I don't
know. But local rules operating at scale
can create these incredibly complex
dynamic structures. Do you think any of
that is amendable to mathematical
analysis?

[29:30]
analysis?
Do we have the tools to say something
profound about that? The thing is you
can get this emerg in very complicated
structures but only with very carefully
prepared initial conditions. Yeah. So so
these these these glider guns and and
gates and and so forth machines if you
just plunk down randomly some cells and

[29:46]
just plunk down randomly some cells and
you and you will not see any of these.
Um and that's the analogous situation
with Navia Stokes again you know that
that with with typical initial
conditions you you will not have any of
this weird computation going on. Um but
basically through engineering you know

[30:01]
basically through engineering you know
by by by specially designing things in a
very special way you can make clever
constructions. I wonder if it's possible
to prove the sort of the negative of
like basically prove that only through
engineering can you ever create

[30:15]
engineering can you ever create
something interesting. This this is a
recurring challenge in mathematics that
um I call it the dichotomy between
structure and randomness. That most
objects that you can generate in
mathematics are random. They look like
rand like the digits of pi. Well, we
believe is a good example. Um, but

[30:30]
believe is a good example. Um, but
there's a very small number of things
that have patterns. Um, but um, now you
can prove something has a pattern by
just constructing, you know, like if
something has a simple pattern and you
have a proof that it it does something
like repeat itself every so often. You
can do that. But um, and you you can

[30:45]
can do that. But um, and you you can
prove that that for example, you can you
can prove that most sequences of of
digits have no pattern. Um, so like if
you just pick digits randomly, there's
something called low large numbers. It
tells you you're going to get as many
ones as as twos in the long run. Um but
um we have a lot fewer tools to to to if

[31:01]
um we have a lot fewer tools to to to if
I give you a specific pattern like the
digits of pi how can I show that this
doesn't have some weird pattern to it.
Some other work that I spend a lot of
time on is to prove what are called
structure theorems or inverse theorems
that give tests for when something is is
very structured. So some functions are

[31:17]
very structured. So some functions are
what's called additive like if you have
a function that maps natural numbers
with natural numbers. So maybe um you
know two maps to four three maps to six
and so forth. um some functions what's
called additive which means that if you
add if you add two inputs together the
output gets gets added as well uh for

[31:31]
output gets gets added as well uh for
example multiplying by a constant if you
multiply a number by 10 um if you if you
multiply a plus b by 10 that's the same
as multiplying a by 10 and b by 10 and
then adding them together so some um
functions are additive some are kind of

[31:45]
functions are additive some are kind of
additive but not completely additive um
so for example if I take a number n I
multiply by the square root of two and I
take the integer part of that So 10 by
square of two is like 14 point
something. So 10 up to 14. Um 20 up to
28. Um so in that case additively is

[32:03]
28. Um so in that case additively is
true then. So 10 + 10 is 20 and 14 + 14
is 28. But because of this rounding
sometimes there's roundoff errors and
and sometimes when you um add a plus b
this function doesn't quite give you the
sum of of the two individual outputs but

[32:15]
sum of of the two individual outputs but
the sum plus minus one. Um so it's
almost additive but not quite additive.
Um so there's a lot of useful results in
mathematics and I've worked a lot on
developing things like this to the
effect that if if a function exhibits
some structure like this then um it's

[32:31]
some structure like this then um it's
basically there's a reason for why it's
true and the reason is because there's
there's some other nearby function which
is actually um completely structured
which is explaining this sort of partial
pattern that you have. Um and so if you
have these so inverse theorems it um it

[32:46]
have these so inverse theorems it um it
creates this sort of dichotomy that they
either the objects that you study are
either have no structure at all or they
are somehow related to something that is
structured. Um and in either way in
either um in either case you can make
progress. Um a good example of this is

[33:02]
progress. Um a good example of this is
that there's this old theorem in
mathematics called sim theorem proven in
the 1970s. It concerns trying to find a
certain type of pattern in a set of
numbers. the patterns that have make
progression things like 3 five and seven
or or or 10 15 and 20 andreli

[33:17]
or or or 10 15 and 20 andreli
proved that um any set of of numbers
that are sufficiently big um what's
called positive density has um
arithmetic progressions in it of of any
length you wish um so for example um the
odd numbers have a set of density 1/2 um

[33:32]
odd numbers have a set of density 1/2 um
and they contain arithmetic progressions
of any length um so in that case it's
obvious because the the odd numbers are
really really structured I can just take
11 13 15 17 I just I can I can easily
find arithmetic progressions in in in
that set. Um but um zerminism also

[33:47]
that set. Um but um zerminism also
applies to random sets. If I take the
set of odd numbers and I flip a coin um
and for each number and I only keep the
numbers which for which I got a heads
okay so I just flip coins. I just
randomly take out half the numbers I

[34:00]
randomly take out half the numbers I
keep one half. So that's a set that has
no no patterns at all. But just from
random fluctuations, you will still get
a lot of um um of arithmetic
progressions in that set. Can you prove
that
there's arithmetic progressions of

[34:15]
there's arithmetic progressions of
arbitrary length within a random? Yes.
Um have you heard of the infinite monkey
theorem? Usually mathematicians give
boring names to theorists, but
occasionally they they give colorful
names. Yes. The popular version of the
infinite monkey theorem is that if you
have an infinite number of monkeys in a
room with each with a typewriter they

[34:30]
room with each with a typewriter they
type out uh text randomly almost surely
one of them is going to generate the
entire screw of Hamlet or any other
finite string of text. Uh it will just
take some time quite a lot of time
actually but if you have an infinite
number then it happens. Um so um

[34:45]
number then it happens. Um so um
basically the the if you take an
infinite string of of digits or whatever
um eventually any finite pattern you
wish will emerge. Um it may take a long
time but it will eventually happen. Um
in particular arithmetic progressions of
any length will eventually happen. Okay.

[35:00]
any length will eventually happen. Okay.
But you need that but you need an
extremely long random sequence for this
to happen. I suppose that's intuitive.
It's just infinity. Yeah. Infinity
absorbs a lot of sins. Yeah. How are we
humans supposed to deal with infinity?
Well, you can think of infinity as as as

[35:16]
Well, you can think of infinity as as as
just an abstraction of um a finite
number for which you you do not have a
bound for um that uh you know I mean so
nothing in real life is truly infinite.
Um but you know you can um you know you

[35:31]
Um but you know you can um you know you
can ask yourself questions like you know
what if I had as much money as I wanted
you know or what if I could go as fast
as I wanted and a way in which
mathematicians formalize that is
mathematics has found a formalism to
idealize instead of something being
extremely large or extremely small to
actually be exactly infinite or zero. Um

[35:46]
actually be exactly infinite or zero. Um
and often the the mathematics becomes a
lot cleaner when you do that. I mean in
physics we we joke about uh assuming
spherical cows. um you know like real
world problems have got all kinds of
real world effects but you can idealize
send certain things to infinity send

[36:01]
send certain things to infinity send
certain things to zero um and um and the
mathematics becomes a lot simpler to
work with there. I wonder how often
using infinity
uh forces us to deviate from um the

[36:15]
uh forces us to deviate from um the
physics of reality. Yeah. So there's a
lot of pitfalls. Um so you know we we
spend a lot of time in undergraduate
math classes teaching analysis. Um and
analysis is often about how to take
limits and and and and whether you you
know so for example a plus b is always b

[36:30]
know so for example a plus b is always b
plus a. Um so when you have a finite
number of terms you add them you can
swap them and there there's no problem.
But when you have infinite number of
terms there these sort of shell games
you can play where you can have a series
which converges to one value but you
rearrange it and it suddenly converges
to another value. And so you can make

[36:45]
to another value. And so you can make
mistakes. You have to know what you're
doing when you allow infinity. Um you
have to introduce these epsilons and
deltas and and this there's a certain
type of way of reasoning that helps you
avoid mistakes. Um
in more recent years um people have

[37:00]
in more recent years um people have
started taking results that are true in
infinite limits and what's called
finetizing them. Um so you know that
something's true eventually but um you
don't know when. Now give me a rate.
Okay. Okay, so it's such a if I have
don't have an infinite number of monkeys
but but a large finite number of

[37:16]
but but a large finite number of
monkeys, how long do I have to wait for
H to come out? Um and that's a more
quantitative question. Um and this is
something that you can you can um attack
by purely finite methods and you can use
your finite intuition. Um and in this

[37:30]
your finite intuition. Um and in this
case it turns out to be exponential in
the length of the text that you're
you're trying to generate. Um so um and
so this is why you never see the monkeys
create Hamilton. you can maybe see them
create a four-letter word, but nothing
that big. And so I personally find once
you finitize an infinite statement, it's

[37:46]
you finitize an infinite statement, it's
it does become much more intuitive and
it's no longer so so weird. Um so even
if you're working with infinity, it's
good to finitize so that you can have
some intuition. Yeah. The downside is
that the finite groups are just much
much messier and and uh yeah. So so the

[38:02]
much messier and and uh yeah. So so the
infinite ones are found first usually
like decades earlier and then later on
people finize them. So since we
mentioned a lot of math and a lot of
physics uh what is the difference
between mathematics and physics as
disciplines as ways of understanding of

[38:16]
disciplines as ways of understanding of
seeing the world maybe we can throw in
engineering in there you mentioned your
wife is an engineer give it new
perspective on circuits right so this
different way of looking at the world
given that you've done mathematical
physics so you you've you've worn all
the hats right so I think science in

[38:31]
the hats right so I think science in
general is interaction between three
things um there's the real world um
there's is what we observe of the
reward, our observations and then our
mental models as to how we think the
world works. Um so um we can't directly

[38:47]
world works. Um so um we can't directly
access reality. Okay. Uh all we have are
the observations which are incomplete
and they they have errors. Um and um
there are many many cases where we would
um uh we want to know for example what
is the weather like tomorrow and we

[39:00]
is the weather like tomorrow and we
don't yet have the observation we'd like
to a prediction. Um and then we have
these simplified models sometimes making
unrealistic assumptions you know
spherical cow type things. Those are the
mathematical models. Mathematics is
concerned with the models. Science
collects the observations and it

[39:16]
collects the observations and it
proposes the models that might explain
these observations. What mathematics
does we we stay within the model and we
ask what are the consequences of that
model? what observations would what
predictions would the model make of the
of future observations um or past

[39:32]
of future observations um or past
observations does it fit observed data
um so there's definitely a symbiosis um
it's ma I guess mathematics is is
unusual among other disciplines is that
we start from hypothesis like the axims

[39:46]
we start from hypothesis like the axims
of a model and ask what conclusions come
up from that that model um in almost any
other discipline uh you start with the
conclusions you know I want to do this I
want to build a bridge, you know, I I
want to to make money. I want to do
this. Okay. And then you you you find

[40:00]
this. Okay. And then you you you find
the path to get there. Um
a lot there there's a lot less sort of
speculation about suppose I did this,
what would happen? Um you know, planning
and and and modeling um uh speculative
fiction maybe is one other place. Uh but

[40:15]
fiction maybe is one other place. Uh but
uh that's about it actually. Most of
things we do in life is conclusions
driven including physics and science.
You I mean they want to know you know
where is this asteroid going to go? What
was what what is the weather going to be
tomorrow? Um but um Bathe also has this
other direction of of going from the uh

[40:31]
other direction of of going from the uh
the axioms. What do you think there is
this tension in physics between theory
and experiment? Mhm. What do you think
is the more powerful way of discovering
truly novel ideas about reality? Well,
you need both top down and bottom up. Um
yeah, it's it's a real interaction

[40:46]
yeah, it's it's a real interaction
between all these things. So over time
the observations and the theory and the
modeling should both get closer to
reality. But initially and it is I mean
this is um this is always the case. You
know they're always far apart to begin
with. Um but you need one to figure out

[41:03]
with. Um but you need one to figure out
where to push the other you know. So um
if your model is predicting anomalies um
that are not picked up by experiment
that tells experimenters where to look
you know um to to to to find more data
to refine the models. Um yeah so it it

[41:17]
to refine the models. Um yeah so it it
it goes it goes back and forth. Um
within mathematics itself there's
there's also a theory and experimental
component. It's just that until very
recently theory has dominated almost
completely like 99% of mathematics is

[41:30]
completely like 99% of mathematics is
theoretical mathematics and there's a
very tiny amount of experimental
mathematics. Um I mean people do do it
you know like if they want to study
prime numbers or whatever they can just
generate large data sets and with a so
once we had computers um we be to do it

[41:45]
once we had computers um we be to do it
a little bit. Um although even before
well like Gaus for example he discovered
he conjectured the most basic theorem in
in number theory to call the prime
number theorem which predicts how many
primes that up to a million up to a
trillion. It's not an obvious question
and basically what he did was that he
computed I mean mostly um by himself but

[42:04]
computed I mean mostly um by himself but
also hired human computers um people who
whose professional job it was to do
arithmetic um to compute the first
100,000 tribes or something and made
tables and made a prediction um that was

[42:15]
tables and made a prediction um that was
an early example of experimental
mathematics
um but until very recently it was not um
yeah I mean theoretical mathematics was
just much more successful I mean because
doing complicated mathematical
computations is uh was just not not
feasible until very recently. Uh and

[42:31]
feasible until very recently. Uh and
even nowadays, you know, even though we
have powerful computers, only some
mathematical things can be um explored
numerically. There's something called
the comatorial explosion. If you want us
to study, for example, Zodius the you
want to study all possible subsets of
the numbers 1 to a,000. There's only

[42:45]
the numbers 1 to a,000. There's only
1,000 numbers. How bad could it be? It
turns out the number of different
subsets of of 1 to a,000 is 2 to the^
1,000 which is way bigger than than that
any computer can currently can can in
fact anybody ever will ever um
enumerate. Um so you have you have to be

[43:00]
enumerate. Um so you have you have to be
um there are certain math problems that
very quickly become just intractable to
attack by direct brute force
computation. Uh chess is another um
famous example. The number of chess
positions uh we can't get a computer to
fully explore.

[43:16]
fully explore.
But now we have AI um um we have tools
to explore this space not with 100%
guarantees of success but with
experiment you know so like um we can
empirically solve chess now for example

[43:30]
empirically solve chess now for example
we have we have very very good AIs that
that can you know they don't explore
every single position in in the game
tree but they have found some very good
approximation um and people are using
actually these chess engines to make uh
to do experimental chess um that they're

[43:45]
to do experimental chess um that they're
revisiting old chess theories about, oh,
you know, when you this type of opening,
you know, this is a good, this is a good
type of move, this is not, and they can
use these chess engines to actually
refine in some case overturn um um
conventional wisdom about chess. And I
do hope that uh that mathematics will

[44:00]
do hope that uh that mathematics will
will have a larger experimental
component in the future perhaps powered
by AI. We'll of course talk about that
but in the case of chess and there's a
similar thing in mathematics that I
don't believe it's providing a kind of
formal explanation of the different

[44:16]
formal explanation of the different
positions. It's just saying which
position is better or not that you can
intuit it as a human being and then from
that we humans can construct a theory of
the matter. You've mentioned the Plato's
cave allegory. Mhm. So in case people

[44:31]
cave allegory. Mhm. So in case people
don't know, it's where people are
observing shadows of reality, not
reality itself, and they believe what
they're observing to be reality. Is that
in some sense what mathematicians and
maybe all humans are doing is um looking

[44:47]
maybe all humans are doing is um looking
at shadows
of reality? Is it possible for us to
truly access
reality? Well, there these three
onlogical things. there's actual
reality, there's our observations and

[45:01]
reality, there's our observations and
our our models. Um, and technically they
are distinct and I think they will
always be distinct. Um, but they can get
closer um over time. Um, you know, so um

[45:15]
closer um over time. Um, you know, so um
and the process of getting closer often
means that you you have to discard your
initial intuitions. Um so um like
astronomy provides great examples you
know like you know like you an initial
model of the world is is flat because it
looks flat you know and um and that it's

[45:32]
looks flat you know and um and that it's
and it's big you know and the rest of
the universe the skies is not you know
like the sun for example looks really
tiny um and so you start off with a
model which is actually really far from
reality um but it fits kind of the
observations that you have um you know

[45:45]
observations that you have um you know
so you know so things look good you know
but but over time as you make more and
more observations bring it closer to to
reality Okay. Um the model gets dragged
along with it and so over time we had to
realize that the earth was round that it
spins. It goes around the solar system.
Solar system goes around the galaxy and
so on and so forth. And the guys

[46:01]
so on and so forth. And the guys
universe is expanding the expansion
itself expanding accelerating and in
fact very recently in this year. So this
uh even the acceleration of the universe
itself is this evidence that this
non-constant and uh the explanation
behind why that is it's catching up. Um

[46:17]
behind why that is it's catching up. Um
it's catching up. I mean it's still you
know the dark matter or dark energy this
this kind of thing. We have we have a
model that sort of explains that fits
the data really well. It just has a few
parameters that um you have to specify.
Um but so you know people say that's

[46:31]
Um but so you know people say that's
fudge factors you know with with enough
fudge factors you can explain anything.
Um but uh the mathematical point of the
model is that um you want to have fewer
parameters in your model than data
points in your observational set. So if
you have a model with 10 parameters that

[46:45]
you have a model with 10 parameters that
explains 10 10 observations that is a
completely useless model. It's what's
called overfitted. But like if you have
a model with you know two parameters and
it explains a trillion observations
which is basically uh so yeah the the
the dark matter model I think has like
14 parameters and it explains pabytes of

[47:01]
14 parameters and it explains pabytes of
data um that that that the astronomers
have. Um you can think of of a theory
like one way to think about um physical
math theory theory is it's a compression
of of the universe um and data

[47:15]
of of the universe um and data
compression. So you know you have these
pabytes of observations you'd like to
compress it to a model which you can
describe in five pages and specify a
certain number of parameters and if it
can fit to reasonable accuracy you know
almost all of your observations. I mean

[47:30]
almost all of your observations. I mean
the more compression that you make the
better your theory. In fact, one of the
great surprises of our universe and of
everything in it is that it's
compressible at all. It's the
unreasonable effectiveness of
mathematics. Yeah, Einstein had a quote
like that. The the most incomprehensible
thing about the universe is that it is
comprehensible, right? And not just

[47:46]
comprehensible, right? And not just
comprehensible. You can do an equation
like E= MC. There is actually a some
mathematical possible explanation for
that. Um, so there's this phenomenon in
mathematics called universality. So many
complex systems at the macro scale are
coming out of lots of tiny interactions

[48:00]
coming out of lots of tiny interactions
at the macro scale and normally because
of the common form of explosion you
would think that uh the macros scale
equations must be like infinitely
exponentially more complicated than than
the uh the microscale ones and they are
if you want to solve them completely
exactly like if you want to model um all

[48:18]
exactly like if you want to model um all
the atoms in a box of of air that's like
Avagadro's number is humongous right
there's a huge number of particles if
you actually have to track each one
it'll be ridiculous. this but certain
laws emerge at the microscopic scale

[48:30]
laws emerge at the microscopic scale
that almost don't depend on what's going
on at the micros scale or only depend on
a very small number of parameters. So if
you want to model a gas um of you know
quintilion particles in a box you just
need to know it temperature and pressure
and volume and a few parameters like
five or six and it models almost

[48:47]
five or six and it models almost
everything you need need to know about
these 10 to 23 or whatever particles. Um
so we we have um we we don't understand
universality anywhere near as we would
like mathematically but there are much

[49:00]
like mathematically but there are much
simpler toy models where we do um have a
good understanding of why univers
universality occurs. Um um most basic
one is is the central limit theorem that
explains why the bell curve shows up
everywhere in nature that so many things
are distributed by what's called a
Gaussian distribution famous bell curve.

[49:16]
Gaussian distribution famous bell curve.
There's now even a meme with this curve
and even the meme applies broadly
universality to the meme. Yeah. Yes, you
can go meta if you like. But there are
many many processes for example you can
take lots and lots of independent um
random variables and average them

[49:30]
random variables and average them
together um uh in in various ways. you
take a simple average or more
complicated average and we can prove in
various cases that that these these bell
curves these gaussians emerge and it is
a satisfying satisfying explanation. Um
sometimes they don't. Um so so if you

[49:46]
sometimes they don't. Um so so if you
have many different inputs and they're
all correlated in some systemic way then
you can get something very far from a
bow curve show up. Uh and this is also
important to know when this system
fails. So universality is not a 100%
reliable thing to rely on that um um the

[50:01]
reliable thing to rely on that um um the
global financial crisis was a a famous
example of this. Uh people thought that
uh um mortgage defaults um had this sort
of um Gaussian type behavior that that
if you if you ask if a population of of
of uh you know 100,000 Americans with

[50:17]
of uh you know 100,000 Americans with
mortgages ask what what proportion of
them would default on the mortgages. Um
if everything was decorated it would be
an asset bell curve and and like you can
you can manage risk with options and
derivatives and so forth and um and it
there's a very beautiful theory um but

[50:30]
there's a very beautiful theory um but
if there are systemic shocks in the
economy uh that can push everybody to
default at the same time that's very
non-gian behavior um and uh this wasn't
fully accounted for in 2008
now I think there's some more awareness

[50:45]
now I think there's some more awareness
that this is systemic risk is actually a
much bigger issue and uh just because
the model is pretty uh and nice uh it
may not match reality. Right. So, so the
mathematics of working out what models
do is really important. Um, but um also

[51:02]
do is really important. Um, but um also
the science of validating when the
models fit reality and when they don't.
Um, I mean that you need both. Um, and
but mathematics can help because it it
can for example these central limit
theorems it tells you that if you have
certain aums like like non-correlation

[51:17]
certain aums like like non-correlation
that if all the inputs were not
correlated to each other um then you
have this kind of behavior things are
fine. it it tells you where to look for
weaknesses in the model. So if you have
a mathematical understanding of central
limit theorem and someone proposes use

[51:30]
limit theorem and someone proposes use
these Gaussian copy or whatever to to
model um default risk um if you're
mathematically um trained you would say
okay but what if this systemic
correlation between all your inputs and
so then then you can ask the economists
you know how how how much of a risk is

[51:45]
you know how how how much of a risk is
that um and then you can you can you can
go look for that. So there's always this
this this synergy between science and
and mathematics. A little bit on the
topic of universality. Mhm.
You're known and celebrated for working
across an incredible breadth of

[52:00]
across an incredible breadth of
mathematics reminiscent of Hilbert a
century ago. In fact, the great Fields
Medal winning mathematician Tim Gow has
said that you are the closest thing we
get to Hilbert.
He's a colleague of yours. Oh yeah. Good

[52:16]
He's a colleague of yours. Oh yeah. Good
friend. But anyway, so you are known for
this ability to go both deep and broad
in mathematics. So you're the perfect
person to ask, do you think there are
threads that connect all the disparate
areas of mathematics? Is there a kind of

[52:31]
areas of mathematics? Is there a kind of
deep underlying structure
uh to all of mathematics? There's
certainly a lot of connecting threads.
Um and a lot of the progress of
mathematics has can be represented by
taking by stories of two fields of

[52:46]
taking by stories of two fields of
mathematics that were previously not
connected and finding connections. Um an
ancient example is um geometry and
number theory you know. So so in the
times of the ancient Greeks these were
considered different subjects. Um I mean
mathematicians worked on both. You know

[53:00]
mathematicians worked on both. You know
you could work both on on geometry most
famously but also on numbers. Um but
they were not really considered related.
Um I mean a little bit like you know you
could say that that this length was five
times this length because you could take
five copies of this length and so forth.

[53:16]
five copies of this length and so forth.
But it wasn't until Deart who really
realized that who developed analytic
geometry that you can you can
parameterize the plane a geometric
object by um by two real numbers. Every
point can be and so geometric problems
can be turned into into problems about

[53:31]
can be turned into into problems about
numbers. Um and the the today this feels
almost trivial like like there's there's
there's no content to this like of
course uh you you know um a plane is xx
and y and because that's what we teach
and it's internalized. Um but it was an

[53:48]
and it's internalized. Um but it was an
important development that these these
two fields were unified. Um and this
process has just gone on throughout
mathematics over and over again. algebra
and geometry were separated and now we
have a student algebraic geometry that
connects them and over and over again

[54:01]
connects them and over and over again
and that's certainly the type of
mathematics that that I enjoy the most.
So I think there's sort of different
styles to being a mathematician. I think
hedgehogs and fox a fox knows many
things a little bit but a hedgehog knows
one thing very very well. Um and in

[54:15]
one thing very very well. Um and in
mathematics there's definitely both
hedgehogs and foxes. Um and then there's
people who are kind of uh who can play
both roles. Um and I think like ideal
collaboration between mathematicians
involves a very you need some diversity
like um a fox working with many

[54:30]
like um a fox working with many
hedgehogs or or vice versa. So yeah but
I identify mostly as a fox certainly I I
like uh arbitrage somehow you like like
um learning how one field works learning
the tricks of that field and then going
to another field which people don't

[54:46]
to another field which people don't
think is related but I can I can adapt
the tricks. So see the connections
between the fields. Yeah. So there are
other mathematicians who are far deeper
than I am. Like who really they're
really hedgehogs. They they know
everything about one field and they're

[55:00]
everything about one field and they're
much faster and and and more effective
in that field. But I can I can give them
these extra tools. I mean you said that
you can be both the hedgehog and and the
fox depending on the context depending
on the collaboration. So what can you if
it's at all possible speak to the
difference between those two ways of

[55:16]
difference between those two ways of
thinking about a problem? say you're
encountering a new problem, you know,
searching for the connections versus
like very singular focus. I'm much more
comfortable with with the uh the uh the

[55:30]
comfortable with with the uh the uh the
fox paradigm. Yeah. So, um yeah, I I
like looking for analogies, narratives.
Um I I spend a lot of time if there's a
result I see in one field and I like the
result, it's a cool result, but I don't
like the proof. like it uses types of

[55:45]
like the proof. like it uses types of
mathematics that I'm not super familiar
with. Um I often try to reprove it
myself using the tools that I favor. Um
often my proof is worse. Um but um by
the exercise of doing so um I can say oh
now I can see what the other proof was

[56:00]
now I can see what the other proof was
trying to do. Um and from that I can get
some understanding of of the tools that
are used in in that field. So it's very
exploratory, very doing crazy things in
crazy fields and like reinventing the
wheel a lot. Yeah. Whereas the hedgehog

[56:15]
wheel a lot. Yeah. Whereas the hedgehog
style is uh I think much more scholarly,
you know, you you you're very knowledge
based. You you you you stay up to speed
on like all the developments in this
field. You you know all the history. Um
you have a very good understanding of of
exactly the strengths and weaknesses of
of each particular uh technique. Um

[56:32]
of each particular uh technique. Um
yeah uh I think you you rely a lot more
on sort of calculation than sort of
trying to find narratives. Um so yeah I
mean I can do that too but uh there are
other people who are extremely good at
that. Let's step back and uh

[56:47]
that. Let's step back and uh
uh maybe look at the the a bit of a
romanticized version of mathematics.
Mhm. So, uh I think you've said that
early on in your life, uh math was more

[57:00]
early on in your life, uh math was more
like a puzzle solving activity when you
were uh young. When did you first
encounter a problem or proof where you
realize math can have a kind of elegance
and beauty to it?
That's a good question. Um when I came

[57:16]
That's a good question. Um when I came
to graduate school uh in Princeton, um
so John Conway was there at the time. He
he passed away a few years ago. But uh I
remember one of the very first research
talks I I went to was a talk by Conway
on what he called extreme proof. So
Conway had just had this this amazing

[57:30]
Conway had just had this this amazing
way of of thinking about all kinds of
things in in a way that you would
normally think of. So um he thought of
proofs themselves as occupying some sort
of space, you know. So, so um if you
want to prove something, let's say that
there's infinitely many primes, okay,
you avoid different proofs, but you

[57:45]
you avoid different proofs, but you
could you could rank them in different
axes like some proofs are elegant, some
are long, some proofs are are um
elementary and so forth. Um and so
there's this cloud. So the space of all
proofs itself has some sort of shape. Um
and so he was interested in in extreme

[58:00]
and so he was interested in in extreme
points of this shape like out of all all
these proofs what is one that is the
shortest at the the extent of every
everything else or or the most
elementary or or whatever. Um and so he
gave some examples of well-known
theorems and then he would give what he
thought was was the extreme proof um in

[58:15]
thought was was the extreme proof um in
these different aspects. Um and I I just
found that really eye opening um that
that um you know it's not just getting a
proof for a result was interesting but
but once you have that proof you know
trying to to uh to optimize it in

[58:32]
trying to to uh to optimize it in
various ways. Um that that proof um uh
proofing itself had some craftsmanship
to it. Um it it certainly informed my
writing style. Um but you know like when
you do your your math assignments and as

[58:45]
you do your your math assignments and as
undergraduate your homework and so
forth, you you're sort of encouraged to
just write down any proof that works,
okay, and hand it in and get a get as
long as it gets a tick mark, you you
move on. Um but if you want your your
results to actually be influential and
be read by people, um it can't just be

[59:01]
be read by people, um it can't just be
correct. It should also um be a pleasure
to read, you know, um motivated um be
adaptable to to generalize to other um
things. Um it's the same in many other
disciplines like like coding. It's a
there's a lot of analogies between math
and coding. I like analogies if you

[59:16]
and coding. I like analogies if you
haven't noticed. Um but um you know like
you can code something spaghetti code
that works for a certain task and it's
quick and dirty and it works. But uh
there's lots of good principles for for
um writing code well so that other
people can use it build upon it and so

[59:31]
people can use it build upon it and so
on and has fewer bugs and whatever. Um
and there's similar things with mathemat
mathematics. So yeah the first of all
there's so many beautiful things there
and and is one of the great minds uh in
mathematics ever and computer science.

[59:47]
mathematics ever and computer science.
Uh just even considering the space of
proofs. Yeah. and saying, "Okay, what
does this space look like and what are
the extremes?" Uh, like you mentioned,
coding as an analogy is interesting
because there's also this activity

[1:00:00]
because there's also this activity
called the code golf. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Which I also find beautiful and
fun where people use different
programming languages to try to write
the shortest possible program that
accomplishes a particular tasks. Then I
believe there's even competitions on
this. Yeah. And uh it's also a nice way

[1:00:17]
this. Yeah. And uh it's also a nice way
to stress test not just the
sort of the programs or in this case the
proofs but also the different languages
maybe that's the different notation or
whatever to use to to accomplish a

[1:00:31]
whatever to use to to accomplish a
different task. Yeah, you learn a lot. I
mean it may seem like a frivolous
exercise but it can generate all these
insights which if you didn't have this
artificial um objective to to to pursue
you might not see. What to you is the
most beautiful or elegant equation in

[1:00:47]
most beautiful or elegant equation in
mathematics? I mean one of the things
that people often look to in in beauty
is the simplicity. So if you look at E=
MC so when when a few concepts come
together that's why the oiler identity

[1:01:01]
together that's why the oiler identity
is often considered uh the most
beautiful equation in mathematics. Do
you do you find beauty in that one and
the oil identity? Yeah. Well, as I said,
I mean, what I find most appealing is is
connections between different things
that um so the if ei= minus one um so

[1:01:17]
that um so the if ei= minus one um so
yeah people oh uses all the fundamental
constants okay that that's I mean that's
cute um but but to me so the exponential
function was interested by oil to
measure exponential growth you know so
compound interest or decay anything

[1:01:30]
compound interest or decay anything
which is continuously growing
continuously decreasing growth and decay
or dilation or contraction is modeled by
the exponential function Um whereas pi
uh comes around from circles and
rotation right if you want to rotate a
needle for example 180 you need to

[1:01:45]
needle for example 180 you need to
rotate by pi radians and i complex
numbers represents the swing between
imagine axis of a 90 rotation so a
change in direction so the x function
represents growth and decay in the
direction where you really are um when

[1:02:00]
direction where you really are um when
you stick an i in the exponential it now
it's it's instead of motion in the same
direction as your current position it's
the motion has right angles to
composition. So rotation um and then so
e e pi equ= minus 1 tells you that if
you rotate for time pi you end up at the

[1:02:17]
you rotate for time pi you end up at the
other direction. So it unifies geometry
through dilation and exponential growth
or dynamics through this act of of
complexification rotation by by i. So it
connects together all these tools
mathematics. Yeah. Yeah. dynamic
structure and complex and complex and um

[1:02:31]
structure and complex and complex and um
the complex numbers they all considered
almost yeah they were all next door
neighbors in mathematics because of this
identity. Do do you think the thing you
mentioned is cute the the the collision
of notations from these disperate
fields?
Um it's just a frivolous side effect or

[1:02:47]
Um it's just a frivolous side effect or
do you think there is legitimate like
value in when the notation all the our
old friends come together
night? Well, it's it's it's confirmation
that you have the right concepts. Um so
when you first study anything um you you

[1:03:01]
when you first study anything um you you
have to measure things and give them
names. Um and initially sometimes your
because your your model is again too far
off from reality you give the wrong
things the best names and you only find
out later what's what's really important
physicists can do this sometimes I mean

[1:03:16]
physicists can do this sometimes I mean
but it turns out okay so actually with
physics okay so E= MC okay so one of
the the big things was the E right so
when when Aristotle first came up with
his laws of of motion and then and then
um Galileo or Newton and so forth you

[1:03:30]
um Galileo or Newton and so forth you
know they saw the things they could they
could measure they could measure mass
and acceleration and force and so forth
and so Newtonian mechanics for example
F= ma was the famous Newton second law
of motion so those were the the primary
objects so they gave them the central
building in the theory it was only later

[1:03:45]
building in the theory it was only later
after people started analyzing these
equations that there always seemed to be
these quantities that were conserved um
so momentum and energy um uh and it's
not obvious that things happen energy
like it's not something you can directly
measure the same way you can measure

[1:04:00]
measure the same way you can measure
mass and and and velocity so forth but
over time people realize is that this
was actually a really fundamental
concept. Hamilton eventually in 19th
century reformulated Newton's laws of
physics into what's called Hamiltonian
mechanics where the energy which is now
called the Hamiltonian was the dominant
object once you know how to measure the

[1:04:16]
object once you know how to measure the
Hamiltonian of any system. You can
describe completely the dynamics like
what happens to to all the states like
it's um it it really was a central actor
which was not obvious initially. Um and
this uh helped actually uh this change

[1:04:31]
this uh helped actually uh this change
of perspective really helped when
quantum mechanics came along. Uh because
um the early physicists who studied
quantum mechanics, they had a lot of
trouble trying to adapt their Newtonian
thinking because everything was a
particle and so forth to to to quantum

[1:04:46]
particle and so forth to to to quantum
mechanics, you know, because I think
because it was a wave. It just looked
really really weird. Um like you ask
what is the quantum version of F equals
MA? And it's really really hard to to
give an answer to that. Um but it turns
out that the Hamiltonian which was so um

[1:05:00]
out that the Hamiltonian which was so um
secretly behind the scenes in classical
mechanics also is the key uh object in
um um in quantum mechanics that there's
there's also an object called
Hamiltonian. It's a different type of
object. It's what's called an operator
rather than than a function. But um and
um but again once you specify it you

[1:05:16]
um but again once you specify it you
specify the entire dynamics. So there's
something called Shingers equation that
tells you exactly how quantum systems
evolve once you have a Hamiltonian. So
side by side they look completely
different objects you know like so one
involves particles one involves waves
and so forth but with this centrality

[1:05:31]
and so forth but with this centrality
you could start actually transferring a
lot of intuition and facts from
classical mechanics to quantum
mechanics.
For example, in classical mechanics,
there's this thing called ner's theorem.
Every time there's a symmetry in a
physical system, there is a conservation
law. So the laws of physics are

[1:05:45]
law. So the laws of physics are
translation invariant. Like if I move 10
steps to the left, I experience the same
laws of physics as if I was here. And
that corresponds to conservation
momentum. Um if I turn around by by some
angle again, I experience the same laws
of physics. This corresponds to
conservation angular momentum. If I wait

[1:06:00]
conservation angular momentum. If I wait
for 10 minutes, um I still have the same
laws of physics. Um so this time
translation variance. this corresponds
to the low conservation of energy. Um,
so there's this fundamental connection
between symmetry and conservation. Um,
and that's also true in quantum
mechanics. Even though the equations are

[1:06:15]
mechanics. Even though the equations are
completely different, but because
they're both coming from the
Hamiltonian, the Hamiltonian controls
everything. Um, every time the
Hamiltonian has a symmetry, the
equations will will have a conservation
law. Um, so it's it's it's it's once you
have the right language, it actually
makes things um a lot a lot cleaner. One

[1:06:33]
makes things um a lot a lot cleaner. One
of the problems why we can't unify
quantum mechanics and general relativity
yet we haven't figured out what the
fundamental objects are like for example
we have to give up the notion of space
and time being these almost uklidian
type spaces and there has to be um you

[1:06:45]
type spaces and there has to be um you
know and you know we kind of know that
at very tiny scales um there's going to
be quite fluctuations of space
space-time foam um and trying to to use
cartigian coord xyz is going to be it's
it's just it's it's a non-starter but we
don't know how to what to replace it

[1:07:00]
don't know how to what to replace it
with um We don't actually have the
mathematical um um concepts the analog
Hamiltonian that sort of organized
everything. Does your gut say that there
is a theory of everything. So this is
even possible to unify to find this

[1:07:15]
even possible to unify to find this
language that unifies general relativity
and quantum mechanics. I believe so. I
mean the history of physics has been out
of unification much like mathematics um
over the years. You know electricity and
magnetism were separate theories and
then Maxwell unified them. you know,
Newton unified the the motions of the

[1:07:31]
Newton unified the the motions of the
heavens with the motions on of objects
on the earth and so forth. So, it should
happen. It's just that the um u again to
go back to this model of the
observations and and theory. Part of our
problem is that physics is a victim's
own success that our two big theories of

[1:07:46]
own success that our two big theories of
of of physics general relativity and
quantum mechanics are so are so good now
that together they cover 99.9% of sort
of all the observations we can make. Um,
and you have to like either go to
extremely insane particle accelerations
or or the early universe or or or things

[1:08:01]
or or the early universe or or or things
that are really hard to measure um in
order to get any deviation from either
of these two theories to the point where
you can actually figure out how to how
to combine them together. Um, but I have
faith that we, you know, we've we've
been doing this for centuries and we've

[1:08:16]
been doing this for centuries and we've
made progress before. There's no reason
why we should stop. Do you think it will
be a mathematician that develops uh
theory of everything? What often happens
is that when the physicists need uh um
some of mathematics, there's often some

[1:08:31]
some of mathematics, there's often some
precursor that the mathematicians um
worked out earlier. So when Einstein
started realizing that space was curved,
he went to some mathematician and asked
is there is there some theory of curved
space that the mathematicians already
came up with that could be useful and he

[1:08:45]
came up with that could be useful and he
said oh yeah there's I think Reman came
up with something um and so yeah Reman
had developed remmaning geometry um
which is precisely you know a theory of
spaces that occurred in various general
ways which turned out to be almost
exactly what was needed um for

[1:09:00]
exactly what was needed um for
Einstein's theory. This is going back to
Dwick's unreasonable effectiveness of
mathematics. I think the theories that
work well to explain the universe tend
to also involve the same mathematical
objects that work well to solve
mathematical problems. Ultimately,
they're just sort of both ways of
organizing data um in in in useful ways.

[1:09:17]
organizing data um in in in useful ways.
It just feels like you might need to go
some weird land that's very hard to to
intuit it like you know you have like
string theory. Yeah, that that's that
was that was a leading candidate for
many decades. It's I think it's slowly
falling out of fashion because it's it's

[1:09:30]
falling out of fashion because it's it's
not matching experiment. So one of the
big challenges of course like you said
is experiment is very tough. Yes.
Because of the how effective both
theories are. But the other is like just

[1:09:45]
theories are. But the other is like just
you know you're talking about you're not
just deviating from spaceime. You're
going into like some crazy number of
dimensions. You're doing all kinds of
weird stuff that to us we've gone so far
from this flat earth that we started at
like now we're just it's it's very hard

[1:10:02]
like now we're just it's it's very hard
to use our limited ape descendants of uh
uh cognition to intuitit what that
reality really is like. This is why
analogies are so important, you know. I
mean, so yeah, the round earth is not
intuitive because we're stuck on it, but

[1:10:17]
intuitive because we're stuck on it, but
you know, but you know, but round
objects in general, we have pretty good
intuition over uh and we have intuition
about light works and so forth. And like
it's it's actually a good exercise to
actually work out how eclipses and
phases of of the sun and the moon and so
forth can be really easily explained by

[1:10:31]
forth can be really easily explained by
by by by round earth and round moon, you
know, um and models. Um and and you can
just take you know a basketball and a
golf ball and and and a light source and
actually do these things yourself. Um so
the intuition is there. Um but yeah you

[1:10:46]
the intuition is there. Um but yeah you
have to transfer it. That is a big leap
intellectually for us to go from flat to
round earth because you know our life is
mostly lived in flat land. Yeah. To load
that information and we all like take it
for granted. We take so many things for
granted because science has established

[1:11:02]
granted because science has established
a lot of evidence for this kind of
thing. But you know, we're on a round
rock. Yeah. Flying through space. Yeah.
Yeah. And it's a big leap and you have
to take a chain of those leaps the more
and more and more we progress. Right.

[1:11:16]
and more and more we progress. Right.
Yeah. So modern science is maybe again a
victim of its own success is that you
know in order to be more accurate it has
to to move further and further away from
your initial intuition. And so um for
someone who hasn't gone through the
whole process of science education it
looks more more suspicious because of

[1:11:30]
looks more more suspicious because of
that. So, you know, we we need we need
more grounding. I mean, I I think um I
mean, you know, there are there are
scientists who do excellent outreach. Um
but there's this there this there's
there there's lots of science things
that you can do at home. There's lots of
YouTube videos. I did a YouTube video
recent of Grant Sanderson. We talked

[1:11:45]
recent of Grant Sanderson. We talked
about this earlier that uh you know how
the ancient Greeks were able to measure
things like the distance to the moon,
distance to the earth, and you know,
using techniques that you you could also
replicate yourself. Um it doesn't all
have to be like fancy space telescopes
and and very intimidating mathematics.

[1:12:01]
and and very intimidating mathematics.
Yeah, that's uh I highly recommend that.
I believe you give a lecture and you
also did an incredible video with Grant.
It's a beautiful experience to try to
put yourself in the mind of a person
from that time. Mhm. Shrouded in
mystery, right? You know, you're like on

[1:12:17]
mystery, right? You know, you're like on
this planet, you don't know the shape of
it, the size of it. You see some stars,
you see some you see some things and you
try to like localize yourself in this
world. Yeah. Yeah. And try to make some
kind of general statements about
distance to places. Change your
perspective is really important. You say

[1:12:31]
perspective is really important. You say
travel bordens the mind. This is
intellectual travel. You know put
yourself in the mind of the ancient
Greeks or or some other person some
other time period. Make hypothesis
spherical cows whatever you know
speculate. Um and you know this is this

[1:12:45]
speculate. Um and you know this is this
is what mathematicians do and some what
artists do actually. It's just
incredible that given the extreme
constraints, you could still say very
powerful things. That's why it's
inspiring looking back in history. How
much can be figured out right when you
don't have much to figure out stuff like

[1:13:01]
don't have much to figure out stuff like
if you propose axioms then the
mathematics lets you follow those a to
their conclusions and sometimes you can
get quite a quite a long way from you
know initial hypothesis. If we can stay
in the land of the weird, you mentioned
general relativity. You've uh you've
contributed uh to the mathematical

[1:13:16]
contributed uh to the mathematical
understanding of Einstein's field
equations. Can you explain this work and
from a sort of mathematical standpoint
uh what aspects of general relativity
are intriguing to you, challenging to

[1:13:30]
are intriguing to you, challenging to
you? I have worked on some equations.
There's something called the the wave
maps equation or the sigma field model
which is not quite the equation of
space-time gravity itself but of certain
fields that might exist on top of
spaceime. Um so Einstein's equations of

[1:13:47]
spaceime. Um so Einstein's equations of
relativity just describes space and time
itself. Um but then there's other fields
that live on top of that. There's the
electromagnetic field. Um there's
control fields and there's this whole
hierarchy of different equations of
which Einstein is considered one of the

[1:14:00]
which Einstein is considered one of the
most nonlinear and difficult. But
relatively low in the hierarchy was this
thing called the wave maps equation. So
it's a wave which at any given point uh
is fixed to be like on a sphere. Um so
uh I can think of a bunch of arrows in
space and time and and the arrows

[1:14:16]
space and time and and the arrows
pointing in in different directions. Um
but they propagate like waves. If you
wiggle an arrow it was it will propagate
and make all the arrows move kind of
like sheets of wheat in the wheat field.
And I was interested in the global
regularity problem again for this

[1:14:30]
regularity problem again for this
question like is it possible for for all
the energy here to collect at a point.
So the equation I considered was
actually what's called a critical
equation where it's actually the
behavior at all scales is roughly the
same. Um and I was able barely to show
that um that you couldn't actually force

[1:14:46]
that um that you couldn't actually force
a scenario where all the energy
concentrated at one point that the
energy had to disperse a little bit and
the moment it dis little bit it it would
it would stay regular. Yeah. This was
back in 2000. That was part of why I got
interested in narrows afterwards
actually. Yeah. So I developed some

[1:15:00]
actually. Yeah. So I developed some
techniques to um solve that problem. So
part of it is it was um this problem is
really nonlinear uh because of the
curvature of the sphere. Um this there
was a certain nonlinear effect which was
a non-perturbative effect. It was when
you sort of looked at it normally it
looked larger than the linear effects of

[1:15:16]
looked larger than the linear effects of
the wave equation. Um and so it was hard
to to keep things under control even
when the energy was small. But I
developed what's called a gauge
transformation. So the equation is kind
of like an evolution of of of heaves of
wheat and and they're all bending back

[1:15:30]
wheat and and they're all bending back
and forth and so there's a lot of
motion. Um but like if you imagine like
stabilizing the flow by attaching little
cameras at different points in space
which are trying to move in a way that
captures most of the motion and under
this stabilized flow the flow becomes a

[1:15:45]
this stabilized flow the flow becomes a
lot more linear. I discovered a way to
transform the the equation to reduce the
amount of of nonlinear effects. Um and
then I was able to to to to solve the
equation. I found this transformation
while visiting my aunt in Australia and

[1:16:00]
while visiting my aunt in Australia and
I was trying to understand the dynamics
of all these fields and I I couldn't do
it with pen and paper. Um and I had not
enough facility of computers to do any
computer simulations. So I ended up
closing my eyes being on on the floor
and just imagining myself to actually be
this vector field and rolling around to

[1:16:15]
this vector field and rolling around to
try to to see how to change coordinates
in such a way that somehow things in all
directions would behave in a reasonably
linear fashion. And yeah, my aunt walked
in on me while I was doing that and she
was asking what do I what am I doing
doing this? It's complicated is the
answer. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, okay,

[1:16:31]
answer. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, okay,
fine. You know, you're a young man. I
don't ask questions. I I I have to ask
about the you know um how do you
approach solving difficult problems?
What if it's possible
to go inside your mind when you're

[1:16:46]
to go inside your mind when you're
thinking? Are you visualizing
in your mind the mathematical objects
symbols maybe what are you visualizing
in your mind usually when you're
thinking um a lot of pen and paper one
thing you pick up as a mathematician is

[1:17:00]
thing you pick up as a mathematician is
sort of uh I call it cheating
strategically um so u the the beauty of
mathematics is that is that you get to
change the rule change the problem
change the rules as you wish this you
don't get to do this for any other field
like you know if if you're an engineer
and someone says build a bridge over

[1:17:16]
and someone says build a bridge over
this this You can't say I want to build
this up bridge over here instead or I
want to build out of paper in instead of
steel. Um but a mathematician you can
you can do whatever you want. Um
it's it's like trying to solve a
computer game where you can there's

[1:17:30]
computer game where you can there's
unlimited cheat codes available. Uh and
so you know you you can you can set
this. So there's a dimension that's too
large. I'll set it to one. I'd solve the
one dimension problem first. So there's
a main term and an error term. I'm going
to make a spherical car assumption. I'll
assume the error term is zero. And so

[1:17:46]
assume the error term is zero. And so
the way you should solve these problems
is is not in sort of this iron man mode
where you make things maximally
difficult. Um but actually the way you
should you should approach any
reasonable math problem is that you if
if there are 10 things that are making
your life difficult. Find a version of

[1:18:00]
your life difficult. Find a version of
the problem that turns off nine of the
difficulties but only keeps one of them.
Um and so that um and then that just so
you you you install nine cheats. Okay.
You install 10 cheats then then the game
is trivial. You saw nine cheats, you
solve one problem that that that teaches

[1:18:15]
solve one problem that that that teaches
you how how to deal with that particular
difficulty and then you turn that one
off and you turn someone else something
else else on and then you solve that one
and after you you know how to solve the
10 problems 10 difficulties separately
then you have to start merging them a
few at a time. Um I I as a kid I watched

[1:18:30]
few at a time. Um I I as a kid I watched
a lot of these Hong Kong action movies.
Um it's from a culture. Um and uh one
thing is that every time there was a
fight scene, you know, so maybe the the
hero will get swarmed by a hundred bad
guy goons or whatever. But it would
always be choreographed so that he'd
always be only fighting one person at a

[1:18:45]
always be only fighting one person at a
time and then he would defeat that
person and move on and and because of
that he could he could defeat all of
them, right? But whereas if they had
fought a bit more intelligently and just
swarmed the guy at once, uh it would
make for much much worse um cinema, but
uh but they would win. Are you usually

[1:19:03]
uh but they would win. Are you usually
uh pen and paper? Are you working uh
with computer and latte? I'm mostly pen
and paper actually. So in my office, I
have four giant blackboards. Um and
sometimes I just have to write
everything I know about the problem on

[1:19:16]
everything I know about the problem on
the four blackboards and then sit my
couch and just sort of see the whole
thing. Is it all symbols like notation
or is there some drawings? Oh, there's a
lot of drawing and a lot of bespoke
doodles that that only make sense to me.
Um I mean and and the beauty of

[1:19:30]
Um I mean and and the beauty of
blackboard is you erase and it's it's
very organic thing. Um I'm beginning to
use more and more computers. Um partly
because AI makes it much easier to do
simple coding things that you know if I
wanted to plot a function before which
is moderately complicated as some
iteration or something you know I'd have

[1:19:45]
iteration or something you know I'd have
to to remember how to set up a Python
program and and and and and how does a
for loop work and and and debug it and
it would take two hours and so forth and
and now I can do it in 10 15 minutes is
much um yeah I'm using more and more uh
computers to do simple explorations.

[1:20:01]
computers to do simple explorations.
Let's talk about AI a little bit if we
could. So um maybe a good entry point is
just talking about computer assisted
proofs in general. Can you describe the
lean formal proof programming language
and how it can help as a proof assistant

[1:20:18]
and how it can help as a proof assistant
and maybe how you started using it and
how uh it has helped you. So um we is a
computer language um much like sort of
standard languages like Python and C and

[1:20:31]
standard languages like Python and C and
so forth except that in most languages
the focus is on producing executable
code. Lines of code do things you know
they they flip bits or or they make a
robot move or or they they deliver you
text on the internet or something. Um so

[1:20:45]
text on the internet or something. Um so
lean is a language that can also do
that. Uh it can also be run as a
standard traditional language but it can
also produce certificates. So a software
like like Python might do a computation
and give you that the answer is seven.
Okay, that does a sum of 3+ 4 is equal
to 7 but uh lean can produce not just

[1:21:01]
to 7 but uh lean can produce not just
the answer but but a proof that how it
got the the answer of seven as 3+ 4 and
all the steps involved in in so it
creates these more complicated objects
not just statements but statements with
proofs attached to them. um and um every

[1:21:17]
proofs attached to them. um and um every
line of code is just a way of p piecing
together previous statements to to
create new ones. So the idea is not new.
These things are are called proof
assistants and so they provide languages
for which you you can create quite
complicated um intricate mathematical

[1:21:30]
complicated um intricate mathematical
proofs and um they produce these
certificates that that give a 100% um
guarantee that your arguments are
correct if you trust the compiler of but
they made the compiler really small and
you can there are several different
compilers available for the same for um

[1:21:45]
compilers available for the same for um
can you give people some intuition about
the the difference between writing on
pen and paper versus using lean
programming language How hard is it to
formalize
statement? So lean a lot of
mathematicians were involved in the
design of lean. So it's it's designed so

[1:22:01]
design of lean. So it's it's designed so
that individual lines of code resemble
individual lines of mathematical
argument like you might want to
introduce a variable. You want want to
prove a contradiction. You you um there
are various standard things that you can
do and and it's it's written so ideally

[1:22:15]
do and and it's it's written so ideally
it should like a one correspondence. In
practice, it isn't because lean is like
explaining a proof to an extremely
pedantic colleague who will will point
out okay did you really mean this like
what what happens if this is zero? Okay.
Um did you how do you justify this? Um

[1:22:30]
Um did you how do you justify this? Um
so lean has a lot of automation in it um
to try to to uh to be less annoying. Um
so for example um every mathematical
object has to come with a type like if I
if I talk about X is X a real number or
um a natural number or or a function or

[1:22:46]
um a natural number or or a function or
something um if you write things
informally um it's up in terms of
context you say you know um clearly x is
equal to let x be the sum of y and z and
y and z were already real numbers so x
should also be a real number um so lean

[1:23:00]
should also be a real number um so lean
can do a lot of that um but every so
often it it says wait a minute can you
tell me more about what this object is
uh what type of object it is. You see,
you have to think more um at a
philosophical level. Well, not just sort
of computations you're doing, but sort
of what each object actually um is in

[1:23:16]
of what each object actually um is in
some sense. Is he using something like
LLMs to do uh the type inference or like
you mention the real number? It's it's
using much more traditional what's
called good old fashioned AI. Yeah, you
can represent all these things as trees
and there's always algorithm to match
one tree to another tree. So it's

[1:23:31]
one tree to another tree. So it's
actually doable to figure out if
something is a a real number or a
natural number. Yeah. Every object sort
of comes with a history of where it came
from and you can you can kind of trace.
Oh, I see. Um yeah, so it's it's
designed for reliability. So uh modern

[1:23:45]
designed for reliability. So uh modern
AIs are not used in it's a disjoint
technology. People are beginning to use
AIS on top of lean. So when a
mathematician tries to program um a
proof in lean um often there's a step
okay now I want to use um the
fundamental thing of calculus say okay
to do the next step so the lean

[1:24:01]
to do the next step so the lean
developers have built this this massive
project called methal liib a collection
of tens of thousands of useful facts
about mathematical objects and somewhere
in there is the fundamental theme of
calculus but you need to find it so a
lot the bottleneck now is actually lema

[1:24:15]
lot the bottleneck now is actually lema
search you know there's a tool that that
you know is in there somewhere and you
need to find it um and so you can there
are various search engines specialized
for math loop that you can do um but
there's now these large language models
that you can say um I need the
fundamental calculus at this point and

[1:24:30]
fundamental calculus at this point and
it say okay uh um uh for example um when
I code I have GitHub copilot installed
as a plugin to my IDE and it scans my
text and it sees what I need says you
know I might even type here okay now I
need to use the final thing with
calculus okay and then it might suggest

[1:24:45]
calculus okay and then it might suggest
okay try this and like maybe 25% of the
time it works exactly and then another
10 15% of the time it doesn't quite work
but it it's close enough that I can say
oh if I just change it here and here it
it will work and then like half the time
it gives me complete rubbish um so but

[1:25:00]
it gives me complete rubbish um so but
people are beginning to use AI a little
bit on top um mostly on the level of
basically fancy autocomplete um but uh
you can type half of one line of a proof
and it will find it will tell you yeah
but a fancy especially fancy with the
sort of capital letter F is uh uh

[1:25:16]
sort of capital letter F is uh uh
removes some of the friction
mathematician might feel when they move
from pen and paper to formalizing. Yes.
Yeah. So, right now I estimate that the
effort time and effort taken to
formalize a proof is about 10 times the
amount taken to to write it out. Yeah.

[1:25:31]
amount taken to to write it out. Yeah.
So, it's doable, but uh you don't it's
it's annoying. But doesn't it like kill
the whole vibe of being a mathematician?
Yeah. So, I mean having a pedantic
coworker, right? Yeah. If if that was
the only aspect of it. Okay. But um

[1:25:46]
the only aspect of it. Okay. But um
Okay. there there are some there's some
case it was actually more pleasant to do
things formally. So there was there was
a theorem I formalized and there was a
certain constant 12 um that that came
out at um in the final statement and so
this 12 had to be carried all through
the proof um and like everything had to

[1:26:00]
the proof um and like everything had to
be checked that it goes all the all
these other numbers had to be consistent
with this final number 12 and so we
wrote a paper through this theorem with
this number 12 and then a few weeks
later someone said oh we can actually
improve this 12 to an 11 by reworking
some of these steps and when this
happens with pen and paper um like every

[1:26:16]
happens with pen and paper um like every
time you change a parameter you have to
check line by line that every single
line of your proof still works and there
can be subtle things that you didn't
quite realize. Some properties on the
number 12 that you didn't even realize
that you were taking advantage of. So a
proof can break down at a subtle place.
Um so we had formalized the proof with

[1:26:30]
Um so we had formalized the proof with
this constant 12 and then when this this
new paper came out uh we said okay let's
so that took like 3 weeks to formalize
and and like 20 people to formalize this
this this original proof. I said oh but
now now let's let's um uh uh let's
update the 12 to 11. And what you can do

[1:26:46]
update the 12 to 11. And what you can do
with lean is that you just in your
headline theorem you you change a 12 to
11. You run the compiler and like of the
thousands of lines of code you have 90%
of them still work and there's a couple
that are lined in red. Now I can't
justify this these steps but it it
immediately isolates which steps you

[1:27:01]
immediately isolates which steps you
need to change but you can skip over
everything which which works just fine.
Um, and if you program things correctly,
um, with sort of good programming
practices, most of your lines will not
be read. Um, and there'll just be a few
places where you, I mean, if if you
don't hard code your constants, but you

[1:27:15]
don't hard code your constants, but you
sort of, uh, um, um, you use smart
tactics and so forth. Yeah, you can
localize um, the things you need to
change to to a very small um, period of
time. So like within a day or two, we
had updated our proof to this is very
quick process. You um, you make a

[1:27:31]
quick process. You um, you make a
change, there are 10 things now that
don't work. for each one you make a
change and now there's five more things
that don't work but but the process
converges much more smoothly than with
pen and paper. So that's for writing are
you able to read it like if somebody
else sends a proof are you able to like
how what's what's the uh versus paper

[1:27:47]
how what's what's the uh versus paper
and yeah so the proofs are longer but
each individual piece is easier to read.
So, um, if you take a math paper and you
jump to page 27 and you look at
paragraph 6 and you have a line of of of

[1:28:00]
paragraph 6 and you have a line of of of
text of math, I often can't read it
immediately because it assumes various
definitions which I have to to go back
and and maybe 10 pages earlier this was
defined and this um the proof is
scattered all over the place and you
basically are forced to read fairly
sequentially. Um, it's it's not like say

[1:28:16]
sequentially. Um, it's it's not like say
a novel where like you know in theory
you could you open up a novel halfway
through and start reading. there's a lot
of context. But when a proven lean, if
you put your cursor on a line of code,
every single object there, you can hover
over it and it would it would say what
it is, where it came from, where stuff

[1:28:30]
it is, where it came from, where stuff
is justified. You can trace things back
much easier than sort of flipping
through a math paper. So, one thing that
lean really enables is actually
collaborating on proofs at a really
atomic scale that you really couldn't do
in the past. So traditionally with pen
and paper um when you want to
collaborate with another mathematician

[1:28:46]
collaborate with another mathematician
um either you do it as a blackboard
where you um you can really interact but
if you're doing it sort of by email or
something um basically yeah you have to
segment it say I'm going to I'm going to
finish section three you do section four
but uh you can't really sort of work on

[1:29:00]
but uh you can't really sort of work on
the same thing collaboratively at the
same time but with lean you can be
trying to formalize some portion of the
proof and say I got stuck at line 67
here I need to prove this thing but it
it doesn't quite work here is like the
three lines of code I'm having trouble
with. Um, but because all the context is
there, someone else can say, "Oh, okay.

[1:29:16]
there, someone else can say, "Oh, okay.
I recognize what you need to do. You
need to to apply this trick or this tool
and you can do extremely atomic level
conversations. So, because of lean, I
can collaborate, you know, with dozens
of people across the world, most of whom
I don't have never met in person. Um,

[1:29:30]
I don't have never met in person. Um,
and I may not know actually even whether
they're um how reliable they are in in
in their um um in in the process, but
lean gives me a certificate of of of
trust. Um, so I can do I can do
trustless mathematics. So there's so
many interesting questions there's. So

[1:29:45]
many interesting questions there's. So
one, you're you're known for being a
great collaborator. So what is the right
way to approach
solving a difficult problem in
mathematics? When you're collaborating,
are you doing a divide and conquer type

[1:30:00]
are you doing a divide and conquer type
of thing or are you brains are you
focusing on a particular part and you're
brainstorming? There's always a
brainstorming process first. Yeah. So
math research projects sort of by their
nature when you start you don't really
know how to do the problem. Um it's not

[1:30:15]
know how to do the problem. Um it's not
like an engineering project where
somehow the theory has been established
for decades and it's it's implementation
is the main difficulty. You have to
figure out even what is the right path.
So so this is what I said about about
cheating first you know um it's like um
to go back to the bridge building
analogy you know so first assume you

[1:30:30]
analogy you know so first assume you
have infinite budget and and like
unlimited amounts of of of workforce and
so forth. Now can you can you build this
bridge? Okay. Okay. now have infinite
budget but only finite workforce right
now can you do that and so forth um so
uh I mean of course you know no engineer

[1:30:45]
uh I mean of course you know no engineer
can actually do this like I say they
have fixed requirements yes there's this
sort of jam sessions always at the
beginning where you try all kinds of
crazy things and you you make all these
assumptions that are unrealistic but you
plan to fix later um and you try to see
if there's even some skeleton of an

[1:31:00]
if there's even some skeleton of an
approach that might work um and then
hopefully that breaks up the problem
into smaller sub problems which you
don't know how to do but then you uh you
focus on on sub ones and sometimes
different collaborators are better at at
working on on certain things. Um so one

[1:31:16]
working on on certain things. Um so one
of my themes I'm known for is a theorem
of Ben Green which called the green
tower theorem. Um it's a statement that
the primes contain arithmetic
progressions of any length. So it was a
modification of this theoret
and the way we collaborated was that Ben
had already proven a similar result for

[1:31:30]
had already proven a similar result for
progressions of length three. Um he
showed that sets like the primes contain
lots and lots of progressions of length
three. Um even and even um subsets of
the prime certain subsets do um but his
techniques only worked for um for length
three progressions. They didn't work for
longer progressions. Um but I had these

[1:31:47]
longer progressions. Um but I had these
techniques coming from agotic theory
which is something that I had been
playing with and and uh I knew better
than Ben at the time. Um and so um if I
could justify certain randomness
properties of some set relating to
primes like there there's a certain

[1:32:00]
primes like there there's a certain
technical condition which if I could
have it if if Ben could supply me this
fact I could I could conclude the
theorem but I what I asked was a really
difficult question in number theory
which um he said there's no way we can
prove this can so he said can you prove

[1:32:16]
prove this can so he said can you prove
your part of the theorem using a weaker
hypothesis that I have a chance to prove
it and he proposed something which he
could prove but it was too weak for me I
can't use this. Um, so there's this
there was this conversation going back
and forth. Um, so different cheats to

[1:32:30]
and forth. Um, so different cheats to
Yeah. Yeah. I want to cheat more, he
wants to cheat less. But eventually we
found a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
a a a a a a a a a a property which a he
could prove and b I could use um and
then we we could prove our view and um
yeah so there's there's a there all
kinds of dynamics you know I mean it's

[1:32:45]
kinds of dynamics you know I mean it's
every every um collaboration has a has a
has some story no two are the same. And
then on on the flip side of that like
you mentioned with lean programming now
that's almost like a different story
because you can do you can create I

[1:33:00]
because you can do you can create I
think you've mentioned a kind of a
blueprint
right for a problem and then you can
really do a divide and conquer with lean
where you're working on separate parts
right and they're using the computer
system proof checker essentially to make

[1:33:15]
system proof checker essentially to make
sure that everything is correct along
the way. Yeah. So it makes everything
compatible and uh yeah and trustable. Um
yeah so currently only a few
mathematical projects can be cut up in
this way at the current state of the art
most of the lean activity is on
formalizing boos that have already been

[1:33:30]
formalizing boos that have already been
proven by humans a math paper basically
is a boop a blueprint in a sense it is
taking a a difficult statement like big
theorem and breaking up into 100 little
lemas um but often not all written with
enough detail that each one can be sort

[1:33:45]
enough detail that each one can be sort
of directly formalized. A blueprint is
like a really pedantically written
version of a paper where every step is
explained as to as much detail as as as
possible and trying to make each step
kind of self-contained um and or
depending on only a very specific number

[1:34:01]
depending on only a very specific number
of of previous statements that been
proven so that each node of this
blueprint graph that gets generated can
be tackled independently of of the
others and you don't even need to know
how the whole thing works. Um so it's
like a modern supply chain you know like
if you want to create an iPhone or or

[1:34:15]
if you want to create an iPhone or or
some other complicated object um no one
person can can build up um a single
object but you can a specialist who who
just if they're given some widgets from
some other company they can combine them
together to form a slightly bigger
widget. I think that's a really exciting
possibility because you can have if you

[1:34:31]
possibility because you can have if you
can find problems that could be
broken down this way then you can have
you know thousands of contributors right
distributed. So I told you before about
the split between theoretical and
experimental mathematics and right now
most mathematics is theoretical and when

[1:34:45]
most mathematics is theoretical and when
you type it it's experimental. I think
the platform that lean and and other
software tools so um GitHub and things
like that um allow they will allow
experimental mathematics to be to scale
up um to a much greater degree than we
can do now. So right now if you want to

[1:35:00]
can do now. So right now if you want to
um um do any mathematical exploration of
some mathematical pattern or something
you need some code to write out the
pattern and I mean sometimes there are
some computer algebra packages that help
but often it's just one mathematician
coding lots and lots of Python or
whatever and because coding is such an

[1:35:16]
whatever and because coding is such an
errorprone activity it's not practical
to allow other people to collaborate
with you on writing modules for your
code because if one of the modules has a
bug in it the whole thing is unreliable.
Um, so it's these are uh so you get
these bespoke uh spaghetti code that

[1:35:32]
these bespoke uh spaghetti code that
written by not not professional
programmers but by mathematicians you
know and they're clunky and and and slow
and um and so because of that it's it's
hard to to really massproduce
experimental results um but um yeah but

[1:35:47]
experimental results um but um yeah but
I think with lean I mean so I'm already
starting some projects where we are not
just experimenting with data but
experimenting with proofs. So I have
this project called the equation
theories project. Basically we generated
about 22 million little problems in
abstract algebra. Maybe should back up

[1:36:01]
abstract algebra. Maybe should back up
and tell you what what the project is.
Okay. So abstract algebra studies
operations like multiplication and
addition and the abstract properties.
Okay. So multiplication for example is
commutive. X * Y is always Y * X at
least for numbers. Um and it's also
associative. X * Y * Z is the same as X

[1:36:17]
associative. X * Y * Z is the same as X
* Y * Z. Um so um these operations obey
some laws that don't obey others. For
example, x * x is not always equal to x.
So that law is not always true. So given
any any operation, it obeys some laws

[1:36:30]
any any operation, it obeys some laws
and not others. Um, and so we generated
about 4,000 of these possible laws of
algebra that certain operations can
satisfy. And our question is which laws
imply which other ones? Um, so for
example, does commutivity imply
associativity? And the answer is no

[1:36:45]
associativity? And the answer is no
because it turns out you can describe an
operation which obeys the commitive law
but doesn't obey the associative law. So
by producing an example you can you can
show that commitivity does not imply
associativity but some other laws do
imply other laws by substitution and so
forth and you can write down some some
algebraic proof. So we look at all the

[1:37:01]
algebraic proof. So we look at all the
pairs between these 4,000 laws and this
22 million of these pairs and for each
pair we ask does this law imply this um
law? If so give a give u give a proof.
If not give a counter example. Mhm. Um
so 22 million problems each one of which

[1:37:15]
so 22 million problems each one of which
you could give to like an undergraduate
algebra student and they had a decent
chance of solving the problem. Although
there are a few of these 22 million
there like 100 or so that are really
quite hard. Okay. But a lot are easy and
the project was just to to work out to
determine the entire graph like like

[1:37:30]
determine the entire graph like like
which ones imply which other ones.
That's an incredible project by the way.
Such a good idea. Such a good test of
the very thing we've been talking about
at a scale that's remarkable. Yeah. So
it would not have been feasible. Yeah, I
mean the state-of-the-art in the
literature was like, you know, 15
equations and sort of how they apply.
That's sort of at the limit of what a

[1:37:45]
That's sort of at the limit of what a
human repentant paper can do. So, so you
need to scale it up. So, you need to
crowdsource, but you also need to trust
all the um I mean no one person can
check 22 million of these proofs. You
needed to be computerized and so it only

[1:38:00]
needed to be computerized and so it only
became possible with with lean. Um we
were hoping to use a lot of AI as well.
Um so the project is almost complete. Um
so of these 22 million all but two had
been settled. Um wow and uh well
actually and of those two we have a pen
and paper proof of the two uh and we

[1:38:16]
and paper proof of the two uh and we
we're formalizing it. In fact I was this
morning I was working on finishing it.
Um so we're almost done on this um
incredible is yeah fantastic. How many
people were able to get about 50 um
which in mathematics is is considered a

[1:38:30]
which in mathematics is is considered a
huge number. It's a huge number. That's
crazy. Yeah. So we kind of have a paper
with 50 authors uh and a big appendex of
who contribute to what. Here's an
interesting question. Now to maybe speak
even more generally about it. When you
have this pool of people,

[1:38:45]
have this pool of people,
is there a way to uh organize the
contributions by level of expertise of
the people of the contributors? Now
okay, uh I'm asking you a lot of pthead
questions here, but I I'm imagining a
bunch of humans and maybe in the future
some AIS. Can there be like an ELO

[1:39:01]
some AIS. Can there be like an ELO
rating type of situation where
like a gamification of this? The beauty
of of these lean projects is is that
automatically you get all this data, you
know, so like like everything has to be
uploaded for this GitHub and GitHub
tracks who contributed what. Um so you

[1:39:16]
tracks who contributed what. Um so you
could generate statistics from at any at
any later point in time. You can say oh
this person contributed this many this
many lines of code or whatever. I mean
these are very crude metrics. Um I would
I would definitely not want this to
become like you know part of your tenure
review or something. Uh um but um I mean

[1:39:33]
review or something. Uh um but um I mean
I think already in in in enterprise
computing right people do use some of
these metrics as part of of the
assessment of of performance of a of an
employee. Um again this is a direction
which is a bit scary for academics to go

[1:39:45]
which is a bit scary for academics to go
down. We we don't like metrics so much
and yet academics use metrics they just
use old ones. Number of papers. Yeah.
Yeah. It's true. It's true that Yeah. I
mean um it feels like this is a metric

[1:40:01]
mean um it feels like this is a metric
while flawed is is going in the more in
the right direction. Right. Yeah. It's
an interesting at least it's a very
interesting metric. Yeah. I think it's
interesting to study. I mean I I think
you can you can do studies of of whether
these are better predictors. Um there's

[1:40:15]
these are better predictors. Um there's
this problem called good heart's law. If
a statistic is actually used to
incentivize performance, it becomes
gained. Um and then it is no longer a
useful measure. Oh, humans always. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. It's rational. So what
we've done for this project is is
self-report. So um there are actually

[1:40:31]
self-report. So um there are actually
standard categories um from the sciences
of what types of contributions people
give. So there's there's concept and
validation and resources and and and and
coding and so forth. Um, so we we we
there's a standard list of troll or so
categories. Um, and we just ask each

[1:40:45]
categories. Um, and we just ask each
contributor to there's a big matrix of
all the of all the authors in all the
categories just to tick the boxes where
they think that they contributed. Um,
and just give a rough idea you know like
oh so you did some coding and and uh and
you provided some compute but you didn't
do any of the pen and paper verification

[1:41:01]
do any of the pen and paper verification
or whatever. And I think that that works
out traditionally mathematicians just
order alphabetically by surname. So we
don't have this tradition as in the
sciences of you know lead author and
second author and so forth like which
we're proud of you know we make all the
authors equal status but it doesn't

[1:41:16]
authors equal status but it doesn't
quite scale to this size so a decade ago
I was involved in these things called
polymath projects it was the crowd
sourcing mathematics but without the
lean component so it was limited by you
needed a human moderator to actually
check that all the contributions coming
in were actually valid and and this was

[1:41:31]
in were actually valid and and this was
a huge bottleneck actually um but still
we had projects that were you know 10
author
or so. But we had decided at the time um
not to try to decide who did what um but
to have a single pseudonym. So we

[1:41:46]
to have a single pseudonym. So we
created this fictional character called
DHJ Polymath in the spirit of Bwaki.
Baki is is the pseudonym for a famous
group of mathematicians in the 20th
century. But um and so the paper was a
authored under the pseudonym. So none of
us got the author credit. Um this

[1:42:01]
us got the author credit. Um this
actually turned out to be not so great
for a couple of reasons. So, so one is
that if you actually wanted to be
considered for tenure or whatever, you
could not use this paper in your uh uh
as your submitted as one of your
publications because it wasn't you

[1:42:15]
publications because it wasn't you
didn't have the formal author credit. Um
um but the other thing that we've
recognized much later is that when
people referred to these projects, they
naturally refer to the most famous
person who was involved in the project.
Oh, so this was Tim Gow's P project.

[1:42:30]
Oh, so this was Tim Gow's P project.
This was ter project and not mention the
the other 19 or whatever people that
were involved. Yeah. So we're trying
something different this time around
where we have everyone's an author. Um
but we will have an an appendix with
this matrix and we'll see how that

[1:42:45]
this matrix and we'll see how that
works. I mean uh so both projects are
incredible just the fact that you're
involved in such huge collaborations.
But I think I saw a talk from Kevin
Buzzard about uh the lean programming
language just a few years ago and he was
saying that uh this might be the future
of mathematics. And so it's also

[1:43:00]
of mathematics. And so it's also
exciting that you're embracing uh one of
the greatest mathematicians in in the
world embracing this
what seems like the paving of the future
of mathematics. Um so I have to ask you
here about

[1:43:15]
here about
the integration of AI into this whole
process. So deep mind's alpha proof was
trained using reinforcement learning on
both failed and successful formal lean
proofs of IMO problems. So this is sort
of highlevel high school oh very high

[1:43:32]
of highlevel high school oh very high
level yes very high level high school
level mathematics problems. What do you
think about the system and maybe what is
the gap between this system that is able
to prove the high school level problems
uh versus gradual level uh problems.

[1:43:47]
uh versus gradual level uh problems.
Yeah, the difficulty increases
exponentially with the the number of
steps involved in the proof. It's a
commentatorial explosion, right? So the
thing with large language models is is
that they make mistakes. And so if a
proof has got 20 steps and your model

[1:44:01]
proof has got 20 steps and your model
has a 10% failure rate um at each step
um of of going in the wrong direction
like u it's just extremely unlikely to
actually um reach the end. Actually uh
just to take a small tangent here is how
hard is the problem of mapping from

[1:44:16]
hard is the problem of mapping from
natural language to the formal program?
Oh yeah it's extremely hard actually. Um
natural language you know it's very
fault tolerant. Um like you can make a
few minor grammatical errors and a
speaker in the second language can get
some idea of what you're saying. Um yeah

[1:44:30]
some idea of what you're saying. Um yeah
but but formal language yeah you if you
get one little thing wrong um like the
whole thing is is is nonsense. um even
formal to formal is is is very hard.
There there are different incompatible
um uh proofist languages. Uh there's
lean but also coaul and Isabel and so

[1:44:45]
lean but also coaul and Isabel and so
forth and actually even converting from
a formal language to formal language um
is is an unsolved basically unsolved
problem. That is fascinating. Okay. So
uh but once you have an informal
language
they're using um their RL train model.

[1:45:02]
they're using um their RL train model.
So some something akin to alpha zero
that they used to go to then try to come
up with poos they also have a model I
believe it's a separate model for
geometric problems so what impresses you
about the system and um what do you

[1:45:16]
about the system and um what do you
think is the gap yeah we talked earlier
about things that are amazing over time
become kind of normalized um so yeah now
somehow it's oh of course geometry is a
silver problem right that's true that's
true I mean it's still beautiful yeah

[1:45:31]
true I mean it's still beautiful yeah
these are great works it shows what's
possible I mean um it's it um the
approach doesn't scale currently is yeah
3 days of Google's survey server time to
solve one high school math problem. This
is not a scalable uh prospect. Um
especially with the exponential increase

[1:45:46]
especially with the exponential increase
in um as as the complexity um increases.
We should mention that they got a silver
medal performance the equivalent of I
mean yeah equivalent of a silver so
first of all they took way more time
than was allotted um and they had this
assistance where where the humans

[1:46:00]
assistance where where the humans
started helped by by formalizing um but
uh also they they're giving us those
full marks for the solution which I
guess is formally verified. So I guess
that that's that's fair. Um yeah um
there there are efforts there was there
will be a proposal at some point to

[1:46:16]
will be a proposal at some point to
actually have an an AI math olympiate
where at the same time as the human
contestants get the the actual Olympia
um problems AIS will also be given the
same problems with the same time period
um and the outputs will have to be

[1:46:30]
um and the outputs will have to be
graded by the same judges um um and
which means that will have be written in
natural language rather than formal
language. Oh I hope that happens. I hope
that this IMO it happens. I hope I hope
next one it won't happen this IMO the
performance is not good enough in in the

[1:46:45]
performance is not good enough in in the
time period and and uh um but there are
smaller competitions um there are
competitions where the the answer is a
is a number rather than a long form
proof um and that's that's um AI are
actually a lot better at um problems

[1:47:00]
actually a lot better at um problems
where there's a specific numerical
answer um because it's it's easy to to
to uh to reinforce do reinforcement
learning on it. Yeah, you got the right
answer, you got the wrong answer. It's
it's a very clear signal. But a long
form proof either has to be formal and
then the lean can give it a thumbs up,

[1:47:15]
then the lean can give it a thumbs up,
thumbs down, or it's informal. Um, but
then you need a human to grade it to
tell uh and if you're trying to do
billions of of reinforcement learning um
you know um um runs, you're not you
can't hire enough humans to uh to grade
those. um it's already hard enough for

[1:47:31]
those. um it's already hard enough for
for the last language to do
reinforcement learning on on just the
regular text that that people get. But
now if you actually hire people not just
give thumbs up, thumbs down, but
actually check the the output
mathematically. Yeah, that's too
expensive. So if we uh just explore this

[1:47:47]
expensive. So if we uh just explore this
possible future,
what what what is the thing that humans
do that's most special in um in
mathematics? So that you could see AI
uh not cracking for a while. So

[1:48:00]
uh not cracking for a while. So
inventing new theories. So coming up
with new conjectures versus uh proving
the conjectures,
right? Building new abstractions, new
representations, maybe uh an AI turn
style with seeing new connections

[1:48:15]
style with seeing new connections
between disparate fields. It's a good
question. Um I think the nature of what
mathematicians do over time has changed
a lot. um you know um so a thousand
years ago mathematicians had to compute
the date of Easter uh and there was
really complicated uh calculations you

[1:48:30]
really complicated uh calculations you
know but it's all automated been
automated for centuries we don't need
that anymore you know they used to
navigate to do spherical navigation
spherical trigonometry to navigate how
to get from from um the old world to the
new or very complicated calculations
again we've been automated um you know

[1:48:46]
again we've been automated um you know
even a lot of undergraduate mathematics
even before AI um like wolf from alpha
for example It's not a language model,
but it can solve a lot of undergraduate
level math tasks. So on the
computational side, verifying routine
things like having a a problem and um

[1:49:00]
things like having a a problem and um
and say here's a problem in partial
equations. Could you solve it using any
of the 20 standard techniques? Um and
they say yes, I've tried all 20 and here
are the 100 different permutations and
and here's my results. Um and that type
of thing I think it will work very well.
um type of scaling to once you solve one

[1:49:17]
um type of scaling to once you solve one
problem to to make the AI attack 100
adjacent problems. Um the things that
humans do still Yeah. So so where the AI
really struggles right now um is knowing

[1:49:30]
really struggles right now um is knowing
when it's made a wrong turn. Um that it
can say, "Oh, I'm going to solve this
problem. I'm going to split up this
problem into um into these two cases.
I'm going to try this technique." And um
sometimes if you're lucky and it's a
simple problem, it's the right technique
and you solve the problem and sometimes
it it will get it will have a problem it

[1:49:47]
it it will get it will have a problem it
would propose an approach which is just
complete nonsense. Um and but like it
looks like a proof. Um so this is one
annoying thing about LM generated
mathematics. So um yeah we we we've had

[1:50:00]
mathematics. So um yeah we we we've had
human generated mathematics as very low
quality um uh like you know submissions
people who don't have the formal
training and so forth. But if a human
proof is bad, you can tell it's bad
pretty quickly. It makes really basic
mistakes. But the AI generated proofs,
they can look superficially flawless. Uh

[1:50:17]
they can look superficially flawless. Uh
and that's partly because that's what
the reinforcement learning has actually
trained them to do, right? To to make
things to to produce text that looks
like um what is correct, which for many
applications is good enough. Um uh so
the errors often really subtle and then

[1:50:30]
the errors often really subtle and then
when you spot them, they're really
stupid. Um like you know like no human
would have actually made that mistake.
Yeah, it's actually really frustrating
in the programming context because I I
program a lot and yeah, when a human
makes when lowquality code, there's
something called code smell, right? You

[1:50:46]
something called code smell, right? You
can you can tell you can tell
immediately like, okay, there's signs.
But with with a generate code of and
then you're right eventually you find an
obvious dumb thing that just looks like
good code. Yeah. So, um it's very tricky

[1:51:01]
good code. Yeah. So, um it's very tricky
to and frustrating for some reason to
Yeah. to work. Yeah. So the sense of
smell. Okay, there you go. This is this
is one thing that humans have. Um and
there's a metaphorical mathematical
smell that uh this we it's not clear how

[1:51:16]
smell that uh this we it's not clear how
to get the AI to duplicate that
eventually. Um I mean so the way um
Alpha Zero and so forth make progress on
go and and chess and so forth is is in
some sense they have developed a sense
of smell for go and chess positions you

[1:51:30]
of smell for go and chess positions you
know that that this position is good for
white is good for black. um they can't
initiate why. Um but just having that
that sense of smell lets them
strategize. So if AIs gain that ability
to sort of a sense of viability of
certain proof strategies say so so you

[1:51:46]
certain proof strategies say so so you
can say I'm going to try to break up
this problem into two small subtasks and
they can say well this looks good two
tasks look like they're simpler tasks
than than your main task and they still
got a good chance of being true. Um so
this is good to try or no you've you

[1:52:00]
this is good to try or no you've you
made the problem worse because each of
the two sub problems is actually harder
than your original problem which is
actually what normally happens if you
try a random uh thing to try normally
actually it's very easy to transform a
problem into even harder problem. Mhm.
Very rarely do you problem transport a
simpler problem. Um yeah so if they can

[1:52:18]
simpler problem. Um yeah so if they can
pick up a sense of smell then they could
maybe start competing with human level
mathematicians. So, this is a hard
question, but not competing, but
collaborating. Yeah. If Okay,
hypothetical.

[1:52:30]
hypothetical.
If I gave you an oracle
that was able to do some aspect of what
you do, and you could just collaborate
with it. Yeah. Yeah. What would that
oracle What would you like that oracle
to be able to do? Would you like it to
uh maybe be a verifier? Like check Mhm.

[1:52:46]
uh maybe be a verifier? Like check Mhm.
Do the codes like you're Yes. uh
professor to this is the correct this is
a good this is a promising fruitful
direction. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or or would
you like it to
uh generate possible proofs and then you

[1:53:01]
uh generate possible proofs and then you
see which one is the right one? Um or
would you like it to maybe generate
different representation different
totally different ways of seeing this
problem? Yeah, I think all of the above.
Um a lot of it is we don't know how to
use these tools because it's a paradigm

[1:53:16]
use these tools because it's a paradigm
that is not um yeah we have not had in
the past systems that are competent
enough to understand complex
instructions. Mhm. Um that can work at
massive scale but are also unreliable.

[1:53:30]
massive scale but are also unreliable.
Uh like it's it's an interesting uh bit
unreliable in subtle ways while we while
providing sufficiently good output. Um
it's a interesting combination. um you
know I mean you have you have like
graduate students that you work with who
kind of like this but not at scale um

[1:53:47]
kind of like this but not at scale um
you know and and and we have previous
software tools that um can work at scale
but but very narrow um so we have to
figure out how to how to use um I mean
um so Tim C actually imagine he actually

[1:54:00]
um so Tim C actually imagine he actually
foresaw like in in 2000 he was
envisioning what mathematics would look
like in in actually two and a half
decades
and that's funny yeah He he wrote in his
in in his article like a a a
hypothetical conversation between a
mathematical assistant of the future um

[1:54:16]
mathematical assistant of the future um
and himself you know trying to solve a
problem and they would have have a
conversation that sometimes the human
would would propose an idea and the AI
would would evaluate it and sometimes
the AI would propose an idea um and u
and sometimes that computation was
required and a would just go and say

[1:54:31]
required and a would just go and say
okay I've checked the 100 cases needed
here or um the first you you said this
is true for all n I've checked for n up
to 100 um and it looks good so far or
hang on there's a problem at n equals 46
you so just a free form conversation

[1:54:45]
you so just a free form conversation
where you don't know in advance where
things are going to go but just based on
on I think ideas get proposed on both
sides calculations get proposed on both
sides I've had conversations with AI
where I say okay let's we're going to
collaborate to solve this math problem
and it's a problem that I already know
the solution to so I I try to prompt it

[1:55:01]
the solution to so I I try to prompt it
okay so here's the problem I suggest
using this tool and then you'll find
this this lovely argument using a
totally different tool which eventually
goes you know, into the weeds and say,
"No, no, no. If I using this, okay, and
it might start using this and then it'll
go back to the tool that I wanted to to
before." Um, and like you have to keep

[1:55:16]
before." Um, and like you have to keep
railroading it um onto the path you
want. And like I I could eventually
force it to give the proof I wanted. Um,
but it was like hurting cats um like and
the amount of personal effort I had to
take to not just sort of prompt it, but
also check it output because it like a

[1:55:31]
also check it output because it like a
lot of what it looked like was going to
work. I know there's a problem on online
17 and basically arguing with it. um
like it was more exhausting than doing
it unassisted. So like it but that's the
current state of the art. I wonder if
there's there's a phase shift that

[1:55:47]
there's there's a phase shift that
happens to where it's no longer feels
like hurting cats and
maybe it'll surprise us how quickly that
comes. I I believe so. Um so in
formalization I I mentioned before that
it takes 10 times longer to formalize a

[1:56:00]
it takes 10 times longer to formalize a
proof than to write it by hand with
these modern AI tools is and also just
better tooling um the lean um um
developers are doing a great job adding
more and more features and making it
user friendly. It's going up from 9 to 8
to 7. Okay, no big deal. But one day it

[1:56:16]
to 7. Okay, no big deal. But one day it
will drop below one. Um and that's a
phase shift because suddenly um it makes
sense when you write a paper to to write
it in lean first or through a
conversation with AI who is generally um

[1:56:30]
conversation with AI who is generally um
on the fly with you and it becomes
natural for journals to accept you know
maybe they'll offer expedite refereeing
you know if if a paper has already been
formalized in in lean um they'll just
ask the referee to comment on on the
significance of the results and how it

[1:56:45]
significance of the results and how it
connects to literature and not worry so
much about the correctness.
um because that's been certified. Um
papers are getting longer and longer in
mathematics and actually it's harder and
harder to get good refereeing for um the
really long ones unless they're really
important. It is actually an issue which

[1:57:00]
important. It is actually an issue which
and the formalization is coming in at
just the right time for this to be and
the easier and easier to guess because
of the tooling and all the other factors
then you're going to see much more like
math lib will grow potentially
exponentially. It's a it's a it's a
virtuous uh cycle. Okay. I mean one

[1:57:16]
virtuous uh cycle. Okay. I mean one
facet of this type that happened in the
past was the adoption of latte. So so
latte is this type seting language that
all mians use now. So in the past people
use all kinds of word processors and
typewriters and whatever but at some
point latte became easier to use than

[1:57:30]
point latte became easier to use than
all other competitors and that people
just switched you know within a few
years like it was just a dramatic um pay
shift. It's a wild out there question,
but what
what year how far away are we from

[1:57:45]
what year how far away are we from
a uh AI system being a collaborator
on a proof that wins the Fields medal.
So that level. Okay. Um well, it depends
on the level of collaboration. I mean,
no, like it deserves to be to get the

[1:58:00]
no, like it deserves to be to get the
Fields Medal. like so half and half
already like I I can imagine if it was a
winning paper having some AI systems in
writing it you know uh just you know
like the order complete alone is already
I I use it like it speeds up my my own
writing um um like you know you you can

[1:58:17]
writing um um like you know you you can
have a theorem you have a proof and the
proof has three cases and I I write down
the proof of the first case and the
autocomplete just suggests all right now
now here's how the proof of second case
could work and like it was exactly
correct that was great saved me like 5
10 minutes of uh of typing but in that

[1:58:31]
10 minutes of uh of typing but in that
case The AI system doesn't get the
Fields medal. No. Uh
are we talking 20 years, 50 years, 100
years? What do you think? Okay. So I I
gave a prediction in print. So by 2026,

[1:58:45]
gave a prediction in print. So by 2026,
which is now next year, um there will be
math collaborations, you know, where the
AI, so not Fields Medal winning, but but
like actual research level math like
published ideas that in part generated
by AI. Um maybe not the ideas but at
least uh some of the computations um um

[1:59:02]
least uh some of the computations um um
the verifications. Yeah. I mean has that
already happened? Has that already
happened? Yeah. There are there are
problems that were solved uh by a
complicated process conversing with AI
to propose things and the human goes and

[1:59:15]
to propose things and the human goes and
tries it and the contract doesn't work
but it might propose a different idea.
Um it it's it's hard to disentangle
exactly. Um there are certainly math
results which could only have been
accomplished because there was a math
method human mathematician and an AI

[1:59:31]
method human mathematician and an AI
involved. Um but it's hard to sort of
disentangle credit. Um
I mean these tools they they do not uh
replicate all the skills needed to do
mathematics but they can replicate sort

[1:59:45]
mathematics but they can replicate sort
of some non-trivial percentage of them
you know 30 40%. they can fill in gaps.
Um, you know, so, uh, coding is is is a
is a good example, you know. So, I I um
um it's annoying for me to code in
Python. I'm not I'm not a native um I'm

[2:00:00]
Python. I'm not I'm not a native um I'm
not a professional um programmer. Um,
but um the with AI that the the friction
cost of of doing it is is is much
reduced. Uh so it it fills in that gap
for me. Um
AI is getting quite good at literature
review. Um I mean there's still a

[2:00:16]
review. Um I mean there's still a
problem with um hallucinating you know
the references that don't exist. Um but
this I think is a civil war problem if
you train in the right way and so forth
you can you can and um and verify um you
know using the internet um you know um

[2:00:32]
know using the internet um you know um
you should in a few years get to the
point where you you have a a lema that
you need and uh we say has anyone proven
this lema before and it will do
basically a fancy web search AI
assistant and say yeah yeah there are
these six papers where something similar

[2:00:45]
these six papers where something similar
has happened and I mean it you can ask
it right now and it'll give you six
papers of which maybe one is is
legitimate and relevant. One exists but
is not relevant and four are
hallucinated. Um it has a non-zero
success rate right now, but uh it's
there's so much garbage. Uh so much the

[2:01:00]
there's so much garbage. Uh so much the
signal to noise ratio is so poor that
it's it's um it's most helpful when you
already somewhat know the literature. Um
and you just need to be prompted to be
reminded of a paper that was already
subconsciously in your memory versus
helping you discover new you were not

[2:01:16]
helping you discover new you were not
even aware of but is the correct
citation. Yeah, that's yeah, that it can
sometimes do. But but when it does, it's
it's buried in in a list of options for
which the other that are bad. Yeah. I
mean, being able to automatically
generate a related work section that is

[2:01:31]
generate a related work section that is
correct. Yeah. That's actually a
beautiful thing that might be another
phase shift because it assigns credit
correctly. Yeah. It does. It breaks you
out of the silos of Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
thought, you know. Yeah. No, there's a
big hump to overcome right now. I mean,

[2:01:45]
big hump to overcome right now. I mean,
it's it's like self-driving cars, you
know. the the safety margin has to be
really high for it to be um uh to be
feasible. So yeah, so there's a last
mile problem um with a lot of AI
applications um that uh you know they
can develop tools that work 20% 80% of

[2:02:02]
can develop tools that work 20% 80% of
the time but it's still not good enough
um and in fact even worse than good some
ways. I mean another way of asking the
Fields metal question is what year do
you think you'll wake up and be like

[2:02:15]
you think you'll wake up and be like
real surprised? you read the headline,
the news of something happened that AI
did like you know real breakthrough
something it doesn't you know like feels
metal even hypothesis it could be like
really just
this alpha zero moment with go that kind

[2:02:31]
this alpha zero moment with go that kind
of thing right um yeah this this decade
I can I can see it like making a
conjecture
between two unrelated two two things
that people thought was unrelated oh
interesting generating a conjecture
that's a beautiful conjecture Yeah. And

[2:02:46]
that's a beautiful conjecture Yeah. And
and actually has a real chance of being
correct and and and meaningful and um
because that's actually kind of doable I
suppose but the word of the data is
Yeah. No, that would be truly amazing.
Um the current models struggle a lot. I

[2:03:00]
Um the current models struggle a lot. I
mean so um a version of this is um I
mean the physicists have a dream of
getting the AI to discover new new laws
of physics. Um you know the the dream is
you just feed it all this data. Okay.
and and this is here's a new patent that
we didn't see before but it actually

[2:03:16]
we didn't see before but it actually
even struggle the current state of the
art even struggles to discover old laws
of physics um from the data uh or if it
does there's a big concern contamination
that that it did it only because like
somewhere in this training data it some
new um you know boils law or whatever

[2:03:31]
new um you know boils law or whatever
ball you're trying to to to reconstruct
um part of it is that we don't have the
right type of training data for this um
yeah so for laws of physics like we we
don't have like a million different
universes with a million infant laws of
nature. Um

[2:03:45]
nature. Um
and um like a lot of what we're missing
in math is actually the negative space
of so we have published things of things
that people have been able to prove um
and conjectures that ended up being
verified um or maybe counter examples
produced but um we don't have data on on

[2:04:02]
produced but um we don't have data on on
things that were proposed and they're
kind of a good thing to try but then
people quickly realized that it was the
wrong conjecture and then they they said
oh but we we should actually change um
our claim to modify it in this way to
actually make it more plausible. Um

[2:04:15]
actually make it more plausible. Um
there's this there's a trial and error
process which is a real integral part of
human mathematical discovery which we
don't record cuz it's embarrassing. Uh
we make mistakes and and we only like to
publish our wins. Um and uh the AI has

[2:04:30]
publish our wins. Um and uh the AI has
no access to this data to train on. Um I
sometimes joke that basically AI has to
go through um grad school and actually
you know go to grad courses, do the
assignments, go to office hours, make
mistakes, um get advice on how to

[2:04:45]
mistakes, um get advice on how to
correct the mistakes and learn from
that. Let me uh ask you if I may about
uh Gregori Pearlman. Mhm. You mentioned
that you try to be careful in your work
and not let a problem completely consume
you. just you really fall in love with

[2:05:00]
you. just you really fall in love with
the problem and really cannot rest until
you solve it. But you also hasted to add
that sometimes this approach actually
can be very successful. An example you
gave is Gregoria Pearlman who proved the
point conjecture and did so by working

[2:05:15]
point conjecture and did so by working
alone for 7 years with basically little
contact with the outside world. Can you
explain this one millennial prize
problem that's been solved point
conjecture and maybe speak to the
journey that Gagora Pearlman's been on.

[2:05:31]
journey that Gagora Pearlman's been on.
All right. So it's it's a question about
curb spaces. Earth is a good example. So
you can think of a 2D surface in being
round could maybe be a Taurus with a
hole in it or it can have many holes and
there there are many different
topologies up priori that that a surface

[2:05:45]
topologies up priori that that a surface
could have. um even if you assume that
it's it's bounded and and uh and smooth
and so forth. So we have figured out how
to classify surfaces as a first
approximation everything is determined
by something called the genus how many
holes it has. So a sphere has genus 0 a
donut has genus one and so forth and one

[2:06:00]
donut has genus one and so forth and one
way you can tell these surfaces apart
probably the sphere has which is called
simply connected if you take any closed
loop on the sphere like a big closed
little rope you can contract it to a
point and while staying on the surface
and the sphere has this property but a
taurus doesn't if on a taurus and you

[2:06:16]
taurus doesn't if on a taurus and you
take a rope that goes around say the the
outer diameter taurus there's no way it
can't get through the hole there's no
way to to contract it to a point so it
turns out that the this the sphere is
the only surface with this property of
contractability up to like continuous

[2:06:31]
contractability up to like continuous
deformationations of the sphere. So um
things that I want to call topologically
um equivalent of the sphere. So point
asked the same question in higher
dimensions. Um so this it becomes hard
to visualize because um surface you can
think of as embedded in three dimensions
but a curved free space we don't have

[2:06:47]
but a curved free space we don't have
good intuition of 4D space to to to live
and and there are also 3D spaces that
can't even fit into four dimensions. you
need five or six or or higher. But
anyway, uh mathematically you can still
pose this question that if you have a
bounded threedimensional space now which

[2:07:01]
bounded threedimensional space now which
is also has this simply connected
property that every loop can be
contracted. Can you turn it into a
threedimensional version of a sphere?
And so this is the point conjecture.
Weirdly in higher dimensions four and
five it was actually easier. So uh it
was solved first in higher dimensions.
There's somehow more room to do the

[2:07:16]
There's somehow more room to do the
deformation. It's easier to to to move
things around to a sphere. But three was
really hard. So people tried many
approaches. There sort of commentary
approaches where you chop up the the
surface into little triangles or or
tetrahedra and you you just try to argue

[2:07:30]
tetrahedra and you you just try to argue
based on how the faces interact each
other. Um there were um algebraic
approaches. There's there's various
algebraic objects like things called the
fundamental group that you can attach to
these homology and coology and and and
all these very fancy tools. Um they also

[2:07:45]
all these very fancy tools. Um they also
didn't quite work. Um but Richard
Hamilton's proposed a um partial
differential equations approach. So you
take um you take so the problem is that
you so you have this object which is so
secretly is a sphere but it's given to
you in a in a really um in in a weird

[2:08:02]
you in a in a really um in in a weird
way. So like like think of a ball that's
been kind of crumpled up and twisted and
it's not obvious that it's a ball. Um
but um like if you if you have some sort
of surface which is which is a deformed
sphere, you could um u you could for

[2:08:17]
sphere, you could um u you could for
example think of it as a surface of a
balloon. You could try to inflate it.
You you blow it up. Um and naturally as
you fill it with air um the the wrinkles
will sort of smooth out and it will turn
into um um a nice round sphere. Um

[2:08:30]
into um um a nice round sphere. Um
unless of course it was a Taurus or
something in which case it would get
stuck at some point like if you instead
of Taurus it would there'll be a point
in the middle when the inner ring
shrinks to zero you get you get a
singularity and you can't blow up any
further. You can't flow any further. So
he created this flow which is called
Richie flow which is a way of taking an

[2:08:45]
Richie flow which is a way of taking an
arbitrary surface or or space and
smoothing it out to make it rounder and
rounder to make it look like a sphere.
And he wanted to show that that either
uh this process would give you a sphere
or it would create a singularity. Um
actually very much like how PDS either
they have global regularity or finite

[2:09:01]
they have global regularity or finite
blow like basically it's almost exactly
the same thing. It's all connected. Um
and so and and he showed that for two
dimensions two dimensional services
surfaces um if you started simply
connected no singularities ever formed
um you never ran into trouble and you

[2:09:15]
um you never ran into trouble and you
could flow and it would give you a
sphere and it so he he got a new proof
of the two dimensional result but by the
way that's a beautiful explanation of
reach flow and its application in this
context how difficult is the mathematics
here like for the 2D case is it yeah
these are quite sophisticated equations

[2:09:30]
these are quite sophisticated equations
on par with the Einstein equations
slightly simpler but um Um yeah but but
they were considered hard nonlinear
equations to solve um and there's lots
of special tricks in 2D that that that
helped but in 3D the problem was that uh
this equation was actually super

[2:09:46]
this equation was actually super
critical the same problems as Nabia
Stokes as you blow up um maybe the
curvature could get constraint in finer
smaller smaller regions and it um it
looked more and more nonlinear and
things just look worse and worse and
there could be all kinds of
singularities that showed up. um some

[2:10:02]
singularities that showed up. um some
singularities um like if there's these
things called neck pinches where where
the uh the surface sort of creates
behaves like like a like a a barbell and
it it pinches at a point. Some some
singularities are simple enough that you
can sort of see what to do next. You

[2:10:15]
can sort of see what to do next. You
just make a snip and then you can turn
one surface into two and evol them
separately. But there was there was a
the prospect that there's some really
nasty like knotted singularities showed
up that you you couldn't see how to um
resolve in any way that you couldn't do
any surgery to. Um so you need to

[2:10:31]
any surgery to. Um so you need to
classify all the singularities like what
are all the possible ways that things
can go wrong. Um so what Pearlman did
was first of all he he made the problem
he turned the problem a super critical
problem to a critical problem. Um I said
before about how um the invention of the

[2:10:45]
before about how um the invention of the
of of energy the Hamiltonian like really
clarified um Newtonian mechanics. Um uh
so he introduced something which is now
called permanence reduced volume and
permanence entropy. He introduced new
quantities kind of like energy that look

[2:11:00]
quantities kind of like energy that look
the same at every single scale and
turned the problem into a critical one
where the nonlinearities actually
suddenly looked a lot less scary than
they did before. Um and then he had to
solve he still had to analyze the
singularities of this critical problem.
uh and that itself was a problem similar
to this wake up thing I worked on

[2:11:15]
to this wake up thing I worked on
actually um so on the on the level of
difficulty of that. So he managed to
classify all the singularities of this
problem and show how to apply surgery to
each of these and through that was able
to to resolve the point Cray conjecture.
um quite like a lot of really ambitious

[2:11:30]
um quite like a lot of really ambitious
steps um and like like nothing that a
large language model today for example
could I mean um at best uh I could
imagine model proposing this idea as one
of hundreds of different things to try
um but the other 99 would be complete
dead ends but you'd only find out after

[2:11:46]
dead ends but you'd only find out after
months of work he must have had some
sense that this was the right track to
pursue because you know I it takes years
to get them from A to B so you've done
like you said Actually you see even
strictly mathematically but more broadly

[2:12:01]
strictly mathematically but more broadly
in terms of the process he's done
similarly difficult
things what what can you infer from the
process he was going through because he
was doing it alone what are some low
points in a process like that when you
start to like you've mentioned hardship

[2:12:15]
start to like you've mentioned hardship
like uh AI doesn't know when it's
failing what happens to you you're
sitting in your office when you realize
the thing you did for the last few days
maybe weeks weeks. Yeah. Is a failure.
Well, for me, I switch to different
problem. Uh so, uh as said, I'm I'm a

[2:12:32]
problem. Uh so, uh as said, I'm I'm a
fox. I'm not a hedgehog. But you
legitimately that is a break that you
can take is is to step away and look at
a different problem. Yeah, you can
modify the problem too. Um I mean um
yeah, you can ask some cheat if if
there's a specific thing that's blocking
you that this um some bad case keeps

[2:12:48]
you that this um some bad case keeps
showing up that that that for which your
tool doesn't work, you can just assume
by fiat this this bad case doesn't
occur. So you you do some magical
thinking um for the but but but
strategically okay for the point to see
if the rest of the argument goes through

[2:13:01]
if the rest of the argument goes through
um if there's multiple problems uh with
with with your approach then maybe you
just give up okay but if this is the
only problem that you know but
everything else checks out then it's
still worth fighting um so yeah you have
to do some some sort of forward
reconnaissance sometimes to uh you know

[2:13:17]
reconnaissance sometimes to uh you know
and that is sometimes productive to
assume like okay we'll figure it out oh
yeah yeah eventually um Sometimes
actually it's even productive to make
mistakes. So um one of the I mean um
there was a project which actually u we

[2:13:30]
there was a project which actually u we
won some prizes for actually
four other people. Um we worked on this
PD problem again actually this blow of
regularity type problem. Um and it was
considered very hard. Um Sean Bain who
was another field methodist who worked
on a special case of this but he could

[2:13:46]
on a special case of this but he could
not solve the general case. Um and we
worked on this problem for two months
and we found we thought we solved it. We
we had this this cute argument that if
everything fit and we were excited uh we
were planning celebrationally um to all
get together and have champagne or
something. Um and we started writing it

[2:14:02]
something. Um and we started writing it
up. Um and one of one of us, not me
actually, but another co-author said,
"Oh, um in this in this lema here, we um
we have to estimate these 13 terms that
that show up in this expansion." And we
estimate 12 of them, but in our notes, I

[2:14:15]
estimate 12 of them, but in our notes, I
can't find the estimation of the 13th.
Can you can someone supply that? And I
said, "Sure, I'll look at this." and
actually yeah we didn't cover we
completely omitted this term and this
term turned out to be worse than the
other 12 terms put together um in fact
we could not estimate this term um and
we tried for a few more months and all

[2:14:30]
we tried for a few more months and all
different permutations and there was
always this one thing one term that we
could not control um and so like um this
was very frustrating um but because we
had already invested months and months
of effort into this already um we stuck
at this we we tried increasingly

[2:14:46]
at this we we tried increasingly
desperate things and and crazy things um
and after two is we found an approach
which was actually somewhat different by
quite a bit from our initial um strategy
which did actually didn't generate these
problematic terms and and and actually
solve the problem. So we we solve a

[2:15:00]
solve the problem. So we we solve a
problem after 2 years but if we hadn't
had that initial false dawn of nearly
solving a problem we would have given up
by month two or something and and worked
on an easier problem. Um yeah if we had
known it would take two years not sure
we would have started the project. Yeah

[2:15:15]
we would have started the project. Yeah
sometimes actually having the incorrect
you know it's like Columbus New
incorrect version of measurement of the
size of the earth. He thought he was
going to find a new trade route to India
or at least that was how he sold it in
his perspectus. I mean it could be that

[2:15:30]
his perspectus. I mean it could be that
he actually secretly knew but just on
the psychological element.
Do you have like emotional or
like self-doubt that just overwhelms you
moments like that? You know, because
this stuff it feels like math is is so

[2:15:46]
this stuff it feels like math is is so
engrossing
that like it can break you when you like
invest so much yourself in the problem
and then it turns out wrong. You could
start to
similar way chess has broken some
people. Yeah. Um I I think different

[2:16:02]
people. Yeah. Um I I think different
mathematicians have different levels of
emotional investment in what they do. I
mean I think for some people it's just a
job. you know you you have a problem and
if it doesn't work out you you you go on
the next one. Um yeah so the fact that
you can always move on to another

[2:16:16]
you can always move on to another
problem um it reduces the emotional
connection. I mean
there are cases you know so there are
certain problems that are what I call
back diseases where where where just
latch on to that one problem and they
spend years and years thinking about

[2:16:30]
spend years and years thinking about
nothing but that one problem and um you
know maybe their career suffers and so
forth but okay this big win this will
you know once I once I finish this
problem I will make up for all the years
of of of lost opportunity but that's

[2:16:45]
of of of lost opportunity but that's
that's I mean occasionally occasionally
it works But I I um I really don't
recommend it for people without the the
right fortitude. Yeah. So I I've never
been super invested in any one problem.
Um one thing that helps is that we don't

[2:17:01]
Um one thing that helps is that we don't
need to call our problems in advance. Uh
um well uh when we do grant proposals we
s say we we will study this set of
problems. But even then we don't promise
definitely by 5 years I will supply a
proof of all these things. you know, or

[2:17:15]
proof of all these things. you know, or
um you promise to make some progress or
discover some interesting phenomena. Uh
and maybe you don't solve the problem,
but you find some related problem that
you you can say something new about and
that's that's a much more feasible task.
But I'm sure for you there's problems
like this. You have you have

[2:17:31]
like this. You have you have
um made so much progress towards the
hardest problems in the history of
mathematics. So is there is there a
problem that just haunts you? It sits
there in the dark corners, you know,
twin prime conjecture, reman hypothesis,

[2:17:47]
twin prime conjecture, reman hypothesis,
global conjecture. Twin prime that
sounds again. So, I mean, the problem is
like a reman hypothesis, those are so
far out of reach. Why do you think so?
Yeah. there's no even viable strate like
even if I activate all my all the cheats

[2:18:00]
even if I activate all my all the cheats
that I know of in this problem like it
there's just still no way to get me to
be um like it's um I think it needs a
breakthrough in another area of
mathematics to happen first and for
someone to recognize that it that would

[2:18:15]
someone to recognize that it that would
be a useful thing to transport into this
problem. So we we should maybe step back
for a little bit and just talk about
prime numbers. Okay. So they're often
referred to as the atoms of mathematics.
Can you just speak to the structure that
these uh atoms the natural numbers have

[2:18:32]
these uh atoms the natural numbers have
two basic operations attached to them?
Addition and multiplication. Um so if
you want to generate the natural
numbers, you can do one of two things.
You can just start with one and add one
to itself over and over again and that
generates you the natural numbers. So
additively they're very easy to generate
1 2 3 4 5. Or you can take the prime if

[2:18:47]
1 2 3 4 5. Or you can take the prime if
you want to generate multiplicatively
you can take all the prime numbers 2 3
57 and multiply them all together. um
and together that gives you all the the
natural numbers except maybe for one. So
there these two separate ways of
thinking about the natural numbers from

[2:19:00]
thinking about the natural numbers from
an additive point of view and point of
view. Um and separately they're not so
bad. Um so like any question about that
only was addition is relatively easy to
solve and any question that only was
multiplication is easy to solve. Um but

[2:19:16]
multiplication is easy to solve. Um but
what has been frustrating is that you
combine the two together. Um and
suddenly you get this extremely rich I
mean we know that there are statements
in number theory that are actually as
undecidable. There are certain polomials
in some number of variables. You know is
there a solution in the natural numbers
and the answer depends on on an

[2:19:31]
and the answer depends on on an
undecidable statement um like like
whether um the aims of of mathematics
are consistent or not. Um
but um yeah but even this the simplest
problems that combine something
multiplicative such as the primes with

[2:19:45]
multiplicative such as the primes with
something additive such as shifting by
two uh separately we understand both of
them well but if you ask when you shift
the prime by two do you can you get a
how often can you get another prime we
it's been amazingly hard to relate the
two and we should say that the twin

[2:20:00]
two and we should say that the twin
prime conjecture is just that it posits
that there are infinitely many pairs of
prime numbers that differ by do. Yes.
Now the interesting thing is that you
have been very successful at pushing
forward the field in answering these

[2:20:15]
forward the field in answering these
complicated questions uh of this variety
like you mentioned the green tile
theorem. It proves that prime numbers
contain arithmetic progressions of any
length, right? Which is mind-blowing
that you can prove something like that,
right? Yeah. So, what we've realized
because of this this this type of of

[2:20:31]
because of this this this type of of
research is that there's different
patterns have different levels of uh
indestructibility. Um so, so what makes
the twin prime problem hard is that if
you take all the primes in the world,
you know, 3, 5, 7, 11, so forth, there

[2:20:45]
you know, 3, 5, 7, 11, so forth, there
are some twins in there. 11 and 13 is a
twin prime pair of twin primes and so
forth. But you could easily if you
wanted to um redact the primes to get
rid of to get rid of the um these twins
like the twins they show up and they're
infinitely many of them but they're

[2:21:00]
infinitely many of them but they're
actually reasonably sparse. Um not there
there's not I mean initially there's
quite a few but once you got to the
millions the trillions they become rarer
and rarer and you could actually just
you know if if someone was given access
to the database of primes you just edit
out a a few primes here and there they

[2:21:15]
out a a few primes here and there they
could make the trim pan conjure false by
just removing like 01% of the primes. or
something um just well well chosen to to
um to do this. And so you could present
a censored database of the primes which
passes all of the statistical tests of

[2:21:31]
passes all of the statistical tests of
the primes. You know that it it obeys
things like the paralle theorem and and
other texts about the primes but doesn't
contain any true primes anymore. Um and
this is a real obstacle for the twin
prime conjecture. It means that any
proof strategy to actually find twin

[2:21:45]
proof strategy to actually find twin
primes in the ecto primes must fail when
applied to these slightly edited primes.
And so it must be some very um subtle
delicate feature of the primes that you
can't just get from like like aggregate

[2:22:00]
can't just get from like like aggregate
statistical analysis. Okay. So that's
all yeah on the other hand progressions
has turned out to be much more robust.
um like you can take the primes and you
can eliminate 99% of the primes actually
you know and you can take take any 99%
you want and uh it turns out and another

[2:22:15]
you want and uh it turns out and another
thing we prove is that you still get
arithmetic progressions um arithmetic
progressions are much you know they're
like cockroaches of arbitrary length yes
that's crazy I mean so so this for for
people who don't know arithmetic
progressions is a sequence of numbers

[2:22:30]
progressions is a sequence of numbers
that differ by some fixed amount yeah
but it's again like it's infinite monkey
type phenomenon for any fixed length of
your set. You don't get arbitrary as
progressions. You only get quite short
progressions. But you're saying twin
prime is not an infinite monkey
phenomena. I mean, it's a very subtle

[2:22:46]
phenomena. I mean, it's a very subtle
monkey. It's still an infinite monkey
phenomen. Yeah. If the primes were
really genuinely random, if the primes
were generated by monkeys, um then yes,
in fact, the infinite monkey theorem
would Oh, but you're saying that twin
prime is it doesn't you can't use the

[2:23:01]
prime is it doesn't you can't use the
same tools like the it doesn't appear
random almost. Well, we don't know.
Yeah, we we we we believe the prior
behave like a random set. And so the
reason why we care about the trim
conjecture is is a test case for whether
we can genuinely confidently say with

[2:23:17]
we can genuinely confidently say with
with 0% chance of error that the primes
behave like a random set. Okay. Random.
Yeah. Random versions of the primes we
know contain twins. Um at least with
with 100% probability or probably
tending to 100% as you go out further

[2:23:30]
tending to 100% as you go out further
and further. Um yeah. So the primes we
believe that they're random. Um the
reason why arithmetic progressions are
indestructible is that regardless of
whether you looks random or looks um
structured like periodic in both cases
um arithmetic regressions appear but for

[2:23:47]
um arithmetic regressions appear but for
different reasons. Um and this is
basically all the ways in which the
there are many proofs of of these sort
of arithmetic region epithems and
they're all proven by some sort of
dichotomy where your set is either
structured or random and in both cases
you can say something and then you put

[2:24:00]
you can say something and then you put
the two together. Um but in twin primes
if if the primes are random then you're
happy you win. But if your primes are
structured they could be structured in
in a specific way that eliminates the
twin the twins. Uh and we can't rule out
that one conspiracy and yet you were

[2:24:16]
that one conspiracy and yet you were
able to make a as I understand progress
on the Kupal version. Right. Yeah. So um
the one funny thing about conspiracies
is that any one conspiracy theory is
really hard to disprove that you know if
if you believe the water is won by
lizards you say here's some evidence

[2:24:31]
lizards you say here's some evidence
that that it it's not run by lizards
well that that evidence was planted by
the lizards. Yeah. Right. You may have
encountered this kind of phenomen. Yeah.
So like like um a pure like there's
there's almost no way to um definitively
rule out a con and the same is true in

[2:24:45]
rule out a con and the same is true in
mathematics that a con is to solely
devote devoted to learning twin primes
you know like it would you have to also
infiltrate other areas of mathematics to
sort of but but like it could be made
consistent at least as far as we know
but there's a weird phenomenon that you
can make one um one conspiracy rule out

[2:25:03]
can make one um one conspiracy rule out
other conspiracies so you know if the if
the world is is run by lizardist it
can't also be run by Right.
Right. So one unreasonable thing is is
is is hard to dispute but but more than
one there are there are tools. Um so

[2:25:15]
one there are there are tools. Um so
yeah so for example we we know there's
infinitely many primes that are um no
two which are um so there infinite pair
of primes which differ by at most um 246
actually is is a is the current. So
there's like a bound yes on the right.
So like there's twin primes this thing

[2:25:32]
So like there's twin primes this thing
called cousin primes that differ by by
four. Um there's called sexy primes that
differ by six. Uh, what are sexy primes?
Primes that differ by six. The name is
much less the concept is much less
exciting than the name suggests. Got it.
Um, so you can make a conspiracy rule

[2:25:46]
Um, so you can make a conspiracy rule
out one of these, but like once you have
like 50 of them, it turns out that you
can't rule out all of them at once. It
just it requires too much energy somehow
in this conspiracy space. How do you do
the bound part? How do you how do you
develop a bound for the difference

[2:26:00]
develop a bound for the difference
between the prize that okay so um that
there's an infinite number of so it's
ultimately based on what's called the
pigeon hole principle um so the pigeon
hole principle uh it's a statement that
if you have a number of pigeons and they
all have to go into into pigeon holes
and you have more pigeons than pigeon
holes then one of the pigeon holes has

[2:26:15]
holes then one of the pigeon holes has
to have at least two pigeons in so there
has to be two pigeons that that are
close together. So for instance if you
have 100 numbers and they all range from
one to a thousand um two of them have to
be at most 10 apart. Mhm. because you
can divide up the numbers one to 100
into 100 pigeon holes. Let's let's say

[2:26:31]
into 100 pigeon holes. Let's let's say
you have if you have 101 numbers 100 one
numbers then two of them have to be
distance less than 10 apart because two
of them have to belong to the same
pigeon hole. So it's a basic um basic
feature of uh a basic principle in
mathematics. Um so it doesn't quite work

[2:26:46]
mathematics. Um so it doesn't quite work
with the primes directly because the
primes get sparer and sparser as you go
out that fewer and fewer numbers are
prime. But it turns out that there's a
way to assign weights to the to to
numbers like um so there are numbers
that are kind of almost prime but

[2:27:00]
that are kind of almost prime but
they're not they they don't have no
factors at all other than themselves in
one but they have very few factors. Um
and it turns out that we understand
almost primes a lot better than primes.
Um and so for example it was known for a
long time that there were twin almost
primes. This has been worked out. So

[2:27:16]
primes. This has been worked out. So
almost primes are something we can't
understand. So you can actually restrict
attention to a a suitable set of almost
primes and uh whereas the primes are
very sparse overall relative to the
almost primes actually are much less

[2:27:31]
almost primes actually are much less
sparse. They make um you can set up a
set of almost primes where the primes
have density like say 1%. Um and that
gives you a shot at proving by applying
some sort of original principle that
that those pairs of primes are just only
100 100 apart. But in order to with the

[2:27:45]
100 100 apart. But in order to with the
twin pan conjecture you need to get the
density of primes inside the also size
up to up to a first of 50%. Um once you
get up to 50% you will get twin primes.
But uh unfortunately there are barriers.
Um we know that that no matter what kind
of good set of almost primes you pick

[2:28:00]
of good set of almost primes you pick
the density primes can never get above
50%. It's called the parody barrier. Um
and I would love to find yes. So one of
my long-term dreams is to find a way to
breach that barrier because it would
open up not only the trip conjecture the
go back conjecture and many other
problems in number theory are currently
blocked because our current techniques

[2:28:17]
blocked because our current techniques
would require improve going beyond this
theoretical um parody barriers. It's
like it's like pulling past the speed of
light. Yeah. So we just say a twin prime
conjecture one of the biggest problems
in the history of mathematics go by
conjecture also um they feel like

[2:28:31]
conjecture also um they feel like
nextdoor neighbors. Uh has there been
days when you felt you saw the path? Oh
yeah. Um um yeah uh sometimes you try
something and it it works super well. Um
you you again again the sense of methac

[2:28:45]
you you again again the sense of methac
smell uh we talked about earlier uh you
learn from experience when things are
going too well
because there are certain difficulties
that you sort of have to encounter. Um
um I think the way a colleague might put
it is that um you know like if if you

[2:29:01]
it is that um you know like if if you
are on the streets in New York and you
put in a blindfold and you put in a car
and and um after some hours um you the
blindfold's off and you're in Beijing.
Um you know I mean that was too easy
somehow like like there was no ocean
being crossed. Even if you don't know

[2:29:16]
being crossed. Even if you don't know
exactly what how what what was done
you're suspecting that that something
wasn't right. But is that still in the
back of your head to do you return to
these to the prime do you return to the
prime numbers every once in a while to
see yeah when I have nothing better to

[2:29:30]
see yeah when I have nothing better to
do which is less and less tired which is
I get busy with so many things these
days but yeah when I have free time and
I'm not and I'm too frustrated to to
work on my sort of real research
projects and I also don't want to do my
administrative stuff I don't want to do
some errands for my family um I can play

[2:29:47]
some errands for my family um I can play
with these these things um for fun uh
and usually you get nowhere Yeah, you
have you have to learn to just say okay
fine once again nothing happened I I
will move on. Um yeah very occasionally
one of these problems I actually solved

[2:30:00]
one of these problems I actually solved
or sometimes as you say you think you
solved it and then you're euphoric for
maybe 15 minutes and then you think I
should check this because this is too
easy too good to be true and it usually
is. What's your gut say about when these
problems would be uh solved when prime

[2:30:15]
problems would be uh solved when prime
and go back? Prime I think we'll keep
getting keep getting more partial
results. Um
it does need at least one this parody
barrier is is the biggest remaining
obstacle. Um there are simpler versions
of the conjecture where we are getting

[2:30:30]
of the conjecture where we are getting
really close. Um so I think we will in
10 years we will have many more much
closer results. May not have the whole
thing. Um yeah so trens is somewhat
close reman hypothesis I have no I mean

[2:30:45]
close reman hypothesis I have no I mean
it has to happen by accident I think so
the reman hypothesis is a kind of more
general conjecture about the
distribution of prime numbers right yeah
it's it's states are sort of viewed
multiplicatively like for questions only
involving multiplication no addition the
primes really do behave as randomly as

[2:31:01]
primes really do behave as randomly as
as you could hope so there's a
phenomenon in probability called square
root cancellation that um you know like
if you want to poll say America upon on
on some issue. Um, and you you ask one
or two voters and you may have sampled a
bad sample and then you get you get a

[2:31:16]
bad sample and then you get you get a
really imprecise um measurement of of
the full average, but if you sample more
and more people, the accuracy gets
better and better and it actually
improves like the square root of the
number of people you you sample. So
yeah, if you sample a thousand people,

[2:31:30]
yeah, if you sample a thousand people,
you can get like a 2 3% margin of error.
So in the same sense if you measure the
primes in a certain multiplicative sense
there's a certain type of statistic you
can measure and it's called the reman's
data function and it fluctuates up and
down but in some sense um as you keep
averaging more and more if you sample

[2:31:46]
averaging more and more if you sample
and more and more the fluctuation should
go down as if they were random and
there's a very precise way to quantify
that and the reman hypothesis is a very
elegant way that captures this but um as
with many others in mathematics we have
very few tools to show that something

[2:32:00]
very few tools to show that something
really genuinely behaves like really
random And this is actually not just a
little bit random but it's it's asking
that it behaves as random as it actually
random set this this square root
cancellation and we know actually
because of things related to the parity
problem actually that most of us usual

[2:32:16]
problem actually that most of us usual
techniques cannot hope to settle this
question. Um the proof has to come out
of left field. Um
yeah but uh what that is yeah no one has
any serious proposal. Um yeah and and

[2:32:30]
any serious proposal. Um yeah and and
there's there's various ways to sort of
as I said you can modify the primes a
little bit and you can destroy the human
hypothesis. Um so like it has to be very
delicate. You can't apply something that
has huge margins of error. It has to
just barely work. Um and like um there's

[2:32:46]
just barely work. Um and like um there's
like all these pits pitfalls that you
have like dodge very adeptly. The prime
numbers are just fascinating. Yeah.
Yeah. What what to you is um most
mysterious about the prime numbers.
So that's a good question. So like

[2:33:01]
So that's a good question. So like
conjecturally we have a good model of
them. I mean like as I said I mean they
have certain patterns like the primes
are usually odd for instance but apart
from this of obvious patterns they
behave very randomly and just assuming
that they behave so there's something
called the crema random model of the

[2:33:15]
called the crema random model of the
primes that that after a certain point
primes just behave like a random set. Um
and there's various slight modifications
this model but this has been a very good
model. It matches the numeric. It tells
us what to predict. Like I can tell you
with complete certainty the truth is
true. Uh the random model gives

[2:33:31]
true. Uh the random model gives
overwhelming odds it is true. I just
can't prove it. Most of our mathematics
is optimized for solving things with
patterns in them. Um and the primes have
this anti-attern um as do almost
everything really. But we can't prove

[2:33:46]
everything really. But we can't prove
that. Yeah. I guess it's not mysterious
that the prize be kind of random because
there no reason for them to be um uh to
have any kind of secret pattern but what
is mysterious is what is the mechanism
that really forces the randomness to

[2:34:01]
that really forces the randomness to
happen. Uh and this is just absent.
Another incredibly surprisingly
difficult problem is the colots's
conjecture. Oh yes. simple to state,
beautiful to visualize in its simplicity

[2:34:15]
beautiful to visualize in its simplicity
and yet extremely
uh difficult to solve and yet you have
been able to make progress. Uh Paular
said about the coloss conjecture that
mathematics may not be ready for such
problems. Others have stated that it is

[2:34:30]
problems. Others have stated that it is
an extraordinarily difficult problem
completely out of reach this is in 2010
out of reach of present- day mathematics
and yet you have made some progress. Why
is it so difficult to make? Can you
actually even explain what it is? Oh,
yeah. So, it's it's it's a problem that
you can explain. Um yeah, it um it helps

[2:34:47]
you can explain. Um yeah, it um it helps
with some um visual aids, but yeah, so
you take any natural number like say 13.
And you apply the the following
procedure to it. So, if it's even, you
divide it by two and if it's odd, you
multiply by three and add one. So, even

[2:35:00]
multiply by three and add one. So, even
numbers get smaller, odd numbers get
bigger. So, 13 will become 40 because 13
* 3 is 39. Add one, you get 40. So, it's
a simple process for odd numbers and
even numbers. They're both very easy
operations. And then you put it
together. It's still reasonably simple.
Um, but then you ask what happens when

[2:35:15]
Um, but then you ask what happens when
you iterate it. You take the output that
you just got and feed it back in. So, 13
becomes 40. 40 is now even divide by 2
is 20. 20 is still even divide by 10 2
10 5 and then 5 * 3 + 1 is 16. And then
8 4 2 1. So, uh, and then from 1 it goes

[2:35:32]
8 4 2 1. So, uh, and then from 1 it goes
1 4 2 1 421. It cycles forever. So this
sequence I just described um yeah 13 40
20 10 so these are also called hailstone
sequences because there's an
oversimplified model of of hailstone
formation yeah which is not actually

[2:35:45]
formation yeah which is not actually
quite correct but it's so somehow taught
to high school students as a first
approximation is that um like a a little
nugget of ice gets gets an ice crystal
forms in a cloud and it it goes up and
down because of the wind and sometimes
when it's cold it get acquires a bit

[2:36:00]
when it's cold it get acquires a bit
more mass and maybe it melts a little
bit and this process of going up down
creates this s of partially melted ice
which event hell stone and eventually it
falls out the earth. So the conjecture
is that no matter how high you start up
like you take a number which is in the
millions or billions you go this process

[2:36:17]
millions or billions you go this process
that that goes up if you're odd and down
if you're even eventually um goes down
to to earth all the time no matter where
you start with this very simple
algorithm you end up at one and you
might climb for a while right yeah so

[2:36:30]
might climb for a while right yeah so
yeah if you plot it um these sequences
they look like brownie in motion um they
look like the stock market you know they
just go up and down in a in a seemingly
random pattern and in Usually that's
what happens that that if you plug in a
random number, you can actually prove at
least initially that it would look like

[2:36:45]
least initially that it would look like
um random walk. Um and that's actually a
random walk with a downward drift. Um
it's like if you're always gambling on
on roulette at at the casino with odds
slightly weighted against you. So
sometimes you you win, sometimes you
lose, but over in the long run you lose

[2:37:00]
lose, but over in the long run you lose
a bit more than you win. Um and so
normally your wallet will hit will go to
zero um if you just keep playing over
and over again. So statistically it
makes sense. Yes. So, so the result that
I I proved roughly speaking such that
that statistically like 99% of all

[2:37:16]
that statistically like 99% of all
inputs would would drift down to maybe
not all the way to one, but to be much
much smaller than what you started. So,
it's it's like if I told you that if you
go to a casino, most of the time you end
up if you keep playing for long enough,
you end up with a smaller amount in your

[2:37:31]
you end up with a smaller amount in your
wallet than when you started. That's
kind of like the what the result that I
proved. So why is that result like can
you continue down that thread
to prove the full conjecture? Well, the
problem is that um my I I used arguments

[2:37:45]
problem is that um my I I used arguments
from probability theory um and there's
always this exceptional event. So you
know, so in probability we have this
this law of large numbers um which tells
you things like if you play a casino
with a um a game at a casino with a
losing um expectation over time you are

[2:38:00]
losing um expectation over time you are
guaranteed or almost surely with
probably probability as close to 100% as
you wish you're guaranteed to lose
money. But there's always this
exceptional outlier. Like it is
mathematically possible that even in
when the game is is the odds are not in
your favor, you could just keep winning

[2:38:15]
your favor, you could just keep winning
slightly more often than you lose. Very
much like how in Navia Stokes there
could be, you know, um most of the time
um your waves can disperse. There could
be just one outlier choice of initial
conditions that would lead you to blow
up. And there could be one outlier

[2:38:30]
up. And there could be one outlier
choice of um um special number that they
stick in that shoots off infinity while
all other numbers crash to earth uh
crash to one. Um in fact um there's some
mathematicians um who Alex Kovvich for
instance who've proposed that um that

[2:38:46]
instance who've proposed that um that
actually um these collat uh iterations
are like the similar automator um
actually if you look at what they happen
on in binary they do actually look a
little bit like like these game of life
type patterns. Um and in an analogy to

[2:39:01]
type patterns. Um and in an analogy to
how the game of life can create these
these massive like self-plicating
objects and so forth possibly you could
create some sort of heavier than air
flying machine a number which is
actually encoding this machine which is
just whose job it is is to encode is to
create a version of itself which which

[2:39:16]
create a version of itself which which
is larger heavier than air machine
encoded in a number that flies forever.
Yeah. So Conway in fact worked on worked
on this problem as well. Oh wow. So
Conway so similar in fact that was one
of inspirations for the Nebby Stokes

[2:39:31]
of inspirations for the Nebby Stokes
project that Conway studied
generalizations of the collapse problem
where instead of multiplying by three
and adding one or dividing by two you
have a more complicated branch but but
instead of having two cases maybe you
have 17 cases and then you go up and
down and he showed that once your

[2:39:46]
down and he showed that once your
iteration gets complicated enough you
can actually encode touring machines and
you can actually make these problems
undecidable and and do things like this.
In fact, he invented a programming
language for uh these kind of fractional
linear transformations. He called a
factrat as a play on forrat. Uh and he

[2:40:02]
factrat as a play on forrat. Uh and he
showed that that you could um you can
program it was too incomplete. You could
you could you could uh um you could make
a program that if if your number you
insert in was encoded as a prime, it
would sync to zero. It would go down
otherwise it would go up uh and things

[2:40:16]
otherwise it would go up uh and things
like that. Um so the general class of
problems is is really uh as complicated
as all of mathematics. some of the
mystery of the cellular automa that we
talked about uh having a fra
mathematical framework to say anything
about cellular automa maybe the same

[2:40:32]
about cellular automa maybe the same
kind of framework is required yeah
injecture yeah if you want to do it not
statistically but you really want 100%
of all inputs to to fall to earth yeah
so what might be feasible is is
statistically 99% you know go to one but

[2:40:47]
statistically 99% you know go to one but
like everything yeah that looks hard
what would you say is out of these
within reach famous problems is the
hardest problem we have today. Is there
a reman hypothesis? We want is up there.

[2:41:00]
a reman hypothesis? We want is up there.
Um POS MP is a good one because like uh
that's that's a meta problem like if you
solve that in the um in the positive
sense that you can find a PMP algorithm
that potentially this solves a lot of
other problems as well and we should
mention some of the conjectures we've

[2:41:16]
mention some of the conjectures we've
been talking about. You know a lot of
stuff is built on top of them. Now
there's ripple effects. P equ= 1 P has
more ripple effects than basically any
other right if the reman hypothesis is
disproven um that would be a big mental
shock to the number theorist uh but it

[2:41:32]
shock to the number theorist uh but it
would have follow on effects for um
cryptography
um because a lot of cryptography uses
number theory um it uses number theory
constructions involving primes and so
forth and um it relies very much on the

[2:41:45]
forth and um it relies very much on the
intuition that number theories are built
over many many years of what operations
involving prime behave randomly and what
ones don't. Um, and in particular, our
encryption
um methods are designed to turn text
with information on it into text which
is indistinguishable from um from random

[2:42:02]
is indistinguishable from um from random
noise. So um and hence we believe to be
almost impossible to crack um at least
mathematically. Um but uh if something
has core to our belief as human

[2:42:15]
has core to our belief as human
hypothesis is is wrong it means that
there are there are actual patterns of
the primes that we not aware of and if
there's one there's probably going to be
more. Um and suddenly a lot of our
crypto systems are in doubt. Yeah.
But then how do you then say stuff about

[2:42:31]
But then how do you then say stuff about
the the primes? Yeah. That you're going
towards the collect conjecture again. Um
because if I I you you want it to be
random, right? You want it to be
randomly. Yeah. So more broadly, I'm
just looking for more tools, more ways

[2:42:45]
just looking for more tools, more ways
to show that that that things are
random. How do you prove a conspiracy
doesn't happen, right? Is there any
chance to you that P equals NP? Is there
some Can you imagine a possible
universe? It is possible. I mean there's
there's various uh scenarios. I mean

[2:43:00]
there's various uh scenarios. I mean
there there's one where it is
technically possible but in practice is
never actually implementable. The
evidence is sort of slightly pushing in
favor of no that we probably is not
equal to NP. I mean it seems like it's
one of those cases similar similar to
reman hypothesis that I think the

[2:43:16]
reman hypothesis that I think the
evidence is le leaning pretty heavily on
the no. Certainly more on the no than on
on the yes. The funny thing about
picompy is that we have also a lot more
obstructions than we do for almost any
other problem. Um so while there's
evidence we also have a lot of results

[2:43:30]
evidence we also have a lot of results
ruling out many many types of approaches
to the problem. Uh this is the one thing
that the computer scientists have
actually been very good at. It's
actually saying that that certain
approaches cannot work. No go theorems.
It could be undecidable. We don't Yeah,
we don't know. There's a funny story I

[2:43:45]
we don't know. There's a funny story I
read that when you won the Fields Medal,
somebody from the internet wrote you
and asked uh you know what are you going
to do now that you've won this
prestigious award? and and then you just
quickly very humbly said that, you know,
this a shiny metal is not going to solve

[2:44:00]
this a shiny metal is not going to solve
any of the problems I'm currently
working on. So, I'm just I'm going to
keep I'm going to keep working on them.
It's just first of all, it's funny to me
that you would answer an email in that
context, and second of all, it um it
just shows your humility. But anyway, uh
maybe you could speak to the Fields

[2:44:15]
maybe you could speak to the Fields
Medal, but it's another way for me to
ask uh
about Gregoria Pearlman. What do you
think about him famously declining the
Fields Medal and the Millennial Prize,
which came with a $1 million of prize

[2:44:30]
which came with a $1 million of prize
money? He stated that I'm not interested
in money or fame. The prize is
completely irrelevant for me. If the
proof is correct, then no other
recognition is needed. Yeah. No, he's
he's somewhat of an outlier. Um even
among mathematicians who tend to uh to

[2:44:45]
among mathematicians who tend to uh to
have uh somewhat idealistic views. I've
never met him. I think I'd be interested
to meet him one day, but I I never had
the chance. I know people who met him,
but he's always had strong views about
certain things. Um, you know, I mean,
it's it's not like he was completely
isolated from the math community. I
mean, he would he would give talks and

[2:45:00]
mean, he would he would give talks and
write papers and so forth. Um, but at
some point he just decided not to engage
with the rest of the community. He was
he was disillusioned or something. Um, I
don't know. Um, and he decided to to uh
uh to peace out uh and you know, collect

[2:45:15]
uh to peace out uh and you know, collect
mushrooms in St. Petersburg or
something. And then that's that's fine.
you know and you can you can do that. Um
I mean that's another sort of flip side.
I mean we are not a lot of our problems
that we solve you know they some of them
do have practical application and that's
that's great but uh like if you stop

[2:45:30]
that's great but uh like if you stop
thinking about a problem you know so
he's he hasn't published since in in
this field but that's fine there's many
many other people who've done so as
well. Um yeah so I guess one thing I
didn't realize initially with the fields
medal is that it it sort of makes you
part of the establishment. Um you know

[2:45:46]
part of the establishment. Um you know
so you know most mathematicians you
there's uh just career mathematicians
you know you just focus on publishing
the next paper maybe getting one to
promote one one rank you know and and
starting a few projects maybe taking
some students or something. Yeah. But

[2:46:00]
some students or something. Yeah. But
then suddenly people want your opinion
on things and uh you have to think a
little bit about you know things that
you might just so foolishly say because
you know no one's going to listen to
you. Uh it's more important now. Is it
constraining to you? Are you able to
still have fun and be a rebel and try

[2:46:16]
still have fun and be a rebel and try
crazy stuff and well play with ideas? I
have a lot less free time than I had
previously. Um I mean mostly by choice.
I mean I I I obviously I have the option
to sort of uh decline. So I decline a
lot of things. I I could decline even

[2:46:31]
lot of things. I I could decline even
more. Um or I could acquire a reputation
for being so unreliable that people
don't even ask anymore. Uh this is I
love the different algorithms here. This
is great. This is it's always an option.
Um but you know um there are things that

[2:46:45]
Um but you know um there are things that
are like
I mean so I mean I I I don't spend as
much time as I do as a postto you know
just just working on one problem at a
time or um fooling around. I still do
that a little bit but yeah as you
advance in your career somehow the more
soft skills so math somehow frontloads

[2:47:01]
soft skills so math somehow frontloads
all the technical skills to the early
stages of your career. So um yeah, so
it's as a post office publisher or
parish you're you're incent you're
incentivized to basically focus on on
proving very technical themsel
um as well as proof the theorems. Um but

[2:47:17]
um as well as proof the theorems. Um but
then as as you get more senior you have
to start you know mentoring and and and
and giving interviews uh and uh and
trying to shape um direction of the
field both research wise and and you
know uh sometimes you have to uh u you

[2:47:31]
know uh sometimes you have to uh u you
know do various administrative things
and it's kind of the right social
contract because you you need to to work
in the trenches to see what can help
mathematicians. the other side of the
establishment sort of the the really
positive thing is that um you get to be

[2:47:46]
positive thing is that um you get to be
a light that's an inspiration to a lot
of young mathematicians or young people
that are just interested in mathematics.
It's like it's just how the human mind
works. This is where I would probably uh
say that I like the fields metal
that it does inspire a lot of young

[2:48:02]
that it does inspire a lot of young
people somehow. I don't this just how
human brains work. Yeah. At the same
time, I also want to give sort of
respect to somebody like Gregoria
Pearlman who
is critical of awards in his mind. Those
are his principles and any human that's

[2:48:17]
are his principles and any human that's
able for their principles to like do the
thing that most humans would not be able
to do. It's beautiful to see. Some
recognition is is necessarily important.
Uh but yeah, it's it's also important to

[2:48:30]
Uh but yeah, it's it's also important to
not let these things take over your
life. um and like only be concerned
about uh getting the next big award or
whatever. Um I mean yeah so again you
see these people try to only solve like
a really big math problems and not work
on on on things that are less uh sexy if

[2:48:47]
on on on things that are less uh sexy if
you wish but but but actually still
interesting and instructive as you say
like the way the human mind works it's
um we understand things better when
they're attached to humans um and also
uh if they're attached to a small number

[2:49:00]
uh if they're attached to a small number
of humans like this this way our human
mind is is wired we can comprehend and
the relationships between you know 10 or
20 people you know but once you get
beyond like 100 people like there
there's a there's a limit I think
there's a name for it um beyond which uh

[2:49:15]
there's a name for it um beyond which uh
it just becomes the other um and so we
have you have to simplify the pole
master you know 99.9% of humanity
becomes the other um and uh often these
models are are incorrect and this causes
all kinds of problems but um so yeah so

[2:49:30]
all kinds of problems but um so yeah so
to humanize a subject you know if you
identify a small number of people and
say you know these
representative people of the subject
role models for example um that has some
role um but it can also be um uh yeah

[2:49:45]
role um but it can also be um uh yeah
too much of it can be harmful because
it's
I'll be the first to say that my own
career path is not that of a typical
mathematician um I the very accelerated
education I skipped a lot of classes um
I think I was had very fortunate
mentoring opportunities um and I think I

[2:50:01]
mentoring opportunities um and I think I
was at the right place at the right time
just because someone does doesn't have
my um trajectory, you it doesn't mean
that they can't be good mathematicians.
I mean they be ma good mathematician in
a very different style. Uh and we need
people of a different style. Um and you

[2:50:17]
people of a different style. Um and you
know even if and sometimes too much
focus is given on the on the person who
does the last step to complete um a
project in mathematics or elsewhere
that's that's really taken you know
centuries or decades with lots and lots
of building lots of previous work. Um,

[2:50:31]
of building lots of previous work. Um,
but that's a a story that's difficult to
tell um if you're not an expert because,
you know, it's easier to just say one
person did this one thing. You know, it
makes for a much simpler history. I
think on the whole it um is a hugely
positive thing to to talk about Steve

[2:50:45]
positive thing to to talk about Steve
Jobs as a representative of Apple when I
personally know and of course everybody
knows the incredible design, the
incredible engineering teams, just the
individual humans on those teams.
They're not a team. They're individual

[2:51:01]
They're not a team. They're individual
humans on a team. And there's a lot of
brilliance there. But it's just a nice
shorthand like a very like pi. Yeah.
Steve Jobs. Yeah. Yeah. As as a starting
point, you know, as a first
approximation that's how you and then
read some biographies and then look into

[2:51:15]
read some biographies and then look into
much deeper. First approximation. Yeah.
That's right. Uh so you mentioned you
were a Princeton to um Andrew Wilds at
that time. He's a professor there. It's
a funny moment how history is just all
interconnected. And at that time he
announced that he proved the form last
theorem. What did you think maybe

[2:51:31]
theorem. What did you think maybe
looking back now with more context about
that moment in math history? Yes. So I
was a graduate student at the time. I
mean I I vaguely remember you know there
was press attention and uh um we all had
the same um we had pigeon holes in the

[2:51:46]
the same um we had pigeon holes in the
same mail room you know. So we all
picked our mail and like suddenly Andrew
W's mailbox exploded to be overflowing.
That's a good that's a good metric.
Yeah. um you know so yeah we we all
talked about it at at tea and so forth I
mean we we didn't understand most of us

[2:52:01]
mean we we didn't understand most of us
didn't understand the proof um we
understand sort of high level details um
fact there's an ongoing project to
formalize it in lean right Kevin puzzly
yeah can can we take that small tangent
is it is it how difficult does that cuz
as as I understand the for last the

[2:52:16]
as as I understand the for last the
proof for uh for last theorem has like
super complicated objects yeah really
difficult to formalize now yeah I guess
yeah you're right the objects that they
use um you can define them. Uh so
they've been defined in lean. Okay. So
so just defining what they are can be

[2:52:31]
so just defining what they are can be
done. Uh that's really not trivial but
it's been done. But there's a lot of
really basic facts about um these
objects that have taken decades to prove
and that they're in all these different
math papers and so lots of these have to
be formalized as well. Um Kevin's uh

[2:52:47]
be formalized as well. Um Kevin's uh
Kevin Buzzard's goal actually he has a
five-year grraft to formalize fossil
theorem and his aim is that he doesn't
think he will be able to get all the way
down to the basic axioms but he wants to
formalize it to the point where the only

[2:53:00]
formalize it to the point where the only
things that he needs to rely on as black
boxes are things that were known by 1980
to um to number theorist at the time. Um
and then some other person some other
work would have to done to to to get
from there. Um so it's it's a different
area of mathematics than um the type of

[2:53:16]
area of mathematics than um the type of
mathematics I'm used to. Um um in
analysis, which is kind of my area, um
the objects we study are kind of much
closer to the ground. We study I study
things like prime numbers and and
functions and things that are within

[2:53:30]
functions and things that are within
scope of a high school um math education
to at least uh define. Um yeah, but then
there's this very advanced algebraic
side of number theory where people have
been building structures upon structures
for quite a while. Um and it's it's a
very sturdy structure. It's it's been

[2:53:45]
very sturdy structure. It's it's been
it's been very um at the base at least
is extremely well developed in the
textbooks and so forth. But um um it
does get to the point where um if you if
you haven't taken these years of study
and you want to ask about what what is
going on at um like level six of of this

[2:54:00]
going on at um like level six of of this
tower, you have to spend quite a bit of
time before they can even get to the
point where you can see you see
something you recognize. What uh
inspires you about his journey that we
similar as we talked about seven years
mostly working in secret? Yeah. Uh that

[2:54:16]
mostly working in secret? Yeah. Uh that
is a romantic uh Yeah. So it kind of
fits with sort of the the romantic image
I think people have of mathematicians to
the extent they think of them at all as
these kind of eccentric uh you know
wizards or something. Um so that

[2:54:30]
wizards or something. Um so that
certainly kind of uh uh accentuated that
perspective you know I mean it's it is a
great achievement his style of solving
problems is so different from my own um
but which but which is great. I mean we
we need people speak to it like what uh

[2:54:46]
we need people speak to it like what uh
in in terms of like the you like the
collaborative I like moving on from a
problem if it's giving too much
everybody. Um got it. But you need the
people who have the tenacity and the
fearlessness. Um you I've collaborated

[2:55:00]
fearlessness. Um you I've collaborated
with with people like that where where I
want to give up uh cuz the first
approach that we tried didn't work and
the second one didn't approach but
they're convinced and they have the
third fourth and the fifth approach
works. Um and I have to eat my words.
Okay. I didn't think this was going to
work, but yes, you were right all along.

[2:55:16]
work, but yes, you were right all along.
And we should say for people who don't
know, not only are you known for the
brilliance of your work, but the
incredible productivity, just the number
of papers, which are all of very high
quality. So there's something to be said
about being able to jump from topic to

[2:55:30]
about being able to jump from topic to
topic. Yeah, it works for me. Yeah, I
mean there also people who are very
productive and they focus very deeply on
Yeah. I think everyone has to find their
own workflow. Um like one thing which is
a shame in mathematics is that we have
mathematics there's sort of a one size
fits all approach to teach teaching

[2:55:46]
fits all approach to teach teaching
mathematics um and you know so we have a
certain curriculum and so forth I mean
you know maybe like if you do math
competitions or something you get a
slightly different experience but um I
think many people um they don't find
their their native math language uh

[2:56:01]
their their native math language uh
until very late or usually too late so
they they stop doing mathematics and
they have a bad experience with a
teacher who's trying to teach them one
way to do mathematics. They don't like
it. Um my theory is that um humans don't

[2:56:15]
it. Um my theory is that um humans don't
come evolution has not given us a math
center of a brain directly. We have a
vision center and a language center and
some other centers um which have
evolution has honed but we it doesn't we
don't have innate sense of mathematics.
Um but our other centers are

[2:56:30]
Um but our other centers are
sophisticated enough that different
people we we we can repurpose other
areas of our brain to do mathematics. So
some people have figured out how to use
the visual center to do mathematics and
so they think very visually when they do
mathematics. Some people have repurposed

[2:56:45]
mathematics. Some people have repurposed
their their language center and they
think very symbolically. Um, you know,
um, some people like if they are very
competitive and they they like gaming,
there's a type there's this part of your
brain that's very good at at at uh at
solving puzzles and games and and and

[2:57:00]
solving puzzles and games and and and
that can be repurposed. But like when I
talked about the mathematicians, you
know, they don't quite think they I can
tell that they're using some different
styles of of thinking than I am. I mean,
not not disjoint, but they they may
prefer visual. Like I I don't actually

[2:57:16]
prefer visual. Like I I don't actually
prefer visual so much. I need lots of
visual aids myself. Um, you know,
mathematics provides a common language.
So, we can still talk to each other even
if we are thinking in in different ways.
But you can tell there's a different
set of subsystems being used in the

[2:57:31]
set of subsystems being used in the
thinking process like they take
different paths. They're very quick at
things that I struggle with and vice
versa. Um, and yet they still get to the
same goal. Um, that's beautiful. And
yeah, but I mean the way we educate
unless you have like a personalized
tutor or something. I mean education

[2:57:46]
tutor or something. I mean education
sort of just by natural scale has to be
mass-produced you know you have to teach
to 30 kids and you know if they have 30
different styles you can't you can't
teach 30 different ways. On that topic
what advice would you give to students
uh young students who are struggling

[2:58:01]
uh young students who are struggling
with math and but are interested in it
and would like to get better. Is there
something in this Yeah. um in this
complicated educational context, what
what would you Yeah, it's a tricky
problem. One nice thing is that there
are now lots of sources for mathematical

[2:58:15]
are now lots of sources for mathematical
enrichment outside the classroom. Um so
in in in my day there already there are
math competitions. Um and you know there
also like popular math books in the
library. Um yeah but but now you have
you know YouTube uh there there are
forums just devoted to solving you know
math puzzles and um and math shows up in

[2:58:32]
math puzzles and um and math shows up in
other places you know like um for
example there there are hobbyists who
play poker for fun uh and um they they
you know they for very specific reasons
are interested in very specific
probability questions um and and they

[2:58:46]
probability questions um and and they
actually know there's a community of
amateur proists in in in poker um in
chess, in baseball. I mean, there's
there's there's uh yeah um there's math
all over the place. Um and I'm I'm I'm

[2:59:01]
all over the place. Um and I'm I'm I'm
hoping actually with with these new sort
of tools for lean and so forth that
actually we can incorporate the broader
public into math research projects um
like this is almost is doesn't happen at
all currently. So in the sciences
there's some scope for citizen science

[2:59:16]
there's some scope for citizen science
like astronomers uh they amateurs who
discover comets and there's biologists
there people who could identify
butterflies and so forth. Um and in
mathematics
whereum amateur mathematicians can like
discover new primes and so forth but but

[2:59:31]
discover new primes and so forth but but
previously because we have to verify
every single contribution um like most
mathematical research projects it would
not help to have input from the general
public. In fact, it would it would just
be be timeconuming because just error

[2:59:45]
be be timeconuming because just error
checking and everything. Um but you know
one thing about these formalization
projects is that they are bringing
together more bringing in more people.
So I'm sure there are high school
students who've already contributed to
some of these these formalizing projects
who contributed into math liib. Um you
know you don't need to be a PhD holder

[3:00:01]
know you don't need to be a PhD holder
to just work on one atomic thing.
There's something about the
formalization here that also at as a
very first step opens it up to the
programming community too. The people
who are already comfortable with
programming. It seems like programming
is somehow maybe just the feeling but it

[3:00:17]
is somehow maybe just the feeling but it
feels more accessible to folks than
math. Math is seen as this like extreme
especially modern mathematics seen as
this extremely difficult to enter area
and programming is not. So that could be

[3:00:30]
and programming is not. So that could be
just an entry point. you can execute
code and you can get results. You know,
you can print a hello world pretty
quickly. Um, you know, like if uh if
programming was taught as almost
entirely theoretical subject where you
just taught the the computer science,
the theory of functions and and and

[3:00:47]
the theory of functions and and and
routines and so forth and and outside of
some some very specialized homework
assignments, you're not actually program
like on the weekend for fun. Yeah. Or
Yeah. They would be as considered as
hard as math. Mhm. Um Yeah. Yeah. So, as

[3:01:00]
hard as math. Mhm. Um Yeah. Yeah. So, as
I said, you know, there are communities
of non- mathematicians where they're
deploying math for some very specific
purpose, you know, like like optimizing
their poker game and and for them then
math becomes fun for them. Uh what
advice would you give in general to
young people how to pick a career, how

[3:01:16]
young people how to pick a career, how
to find themselves like that's a tough
tough tough question. Yeah. So um
there's a lot less certainty now in the
world you know I mean I there was this
period after the war where uh at least
in the west you know if you came from a

[3:01:30]
in the west you know if you came from a
good demographic you uh you know like
you there was a very stable path to to a
good career you go to college you get an
education you pick one profession and
you stick to it becoming much more a
thing of the past so I think you just

[3:01:45]
thing of the past so I think you just
have to be adaptable and flexible I
think people have to get skills that are
transferable you know like like learning
one specific programming language or one
specific subject of mathematics or
something. It's it's it's that itself is
not a super transferable skill but sort
of knowing how to um reason with with

[3:02:02]
of knowing how to um reason with with
abstract concepts or how to problem
solve when things go wrong. So these are
things which I think we will still need
even as our tools get get better and you
know you you would be working with AI
sport and so forth. But actually you're
an interesting case study. I mean you're

[3:02:16]
an interesting case study. I mean you're
like a
one of the great living mathematicians
right and then you had a way of doing
things and then all of a sudden you
start learning I mean first of all you
kept learning new fields but you learn

[3:02:31]
kept learning new fields but you learn
lean that's not that's a non-trivial
thing to learn like that's a that's a
for a lot of people that's an extremely
uncomfortable leap to take right yeah
mathematicians um first of all I've
always been interested in new ways to do

[3:02:45]
always been interested in new ways to do
mathematics I I I feel like a lot of the
ways we do things right now are
inefficient. Um I I I I spend me my
colleagues, we spend a lot of time doing
very routine computations or doing
things that other mathematicians would
instantly know how to do and we don't
know how to do them. Uh and why can't we

[3:03:01]
know how to do them. Uh and why can't we
search and get a quick response and so
that's why I've always been interested
in exploring new workflows.
About four or five years ago, I was on a
committee where we had to ask for ideas
for interesting workshops to run at a
math institute. And at the time, Peter

[3:03:16]
math institute. And at the time, Peter
Schulzer had just formalized one of his
his um new theorems. And um there are
some other developments in computer
assisted proof that look quite
interesting. And I said, "Oh, we should
we should uh um we should run a workshop
on this. This be a good idea." Um and

[3:03:31]
on this. This be a good idea." Um and
then I was a bit too enthusiastic about
this idea. So I I got volunte.
Um, so I did with a bunch of other
people, Kevin Bisard and Jordan
Ellenburg and and a bunch of other
people. Um, and it was it was a a nice

[3:03:46]
people. Um, and it was it was a a nice
success. We brought together a bunch of
mathematicians and computer scientists
and other people and and we got up to
speed and state um and it was really
interesting um developments that that
most mathematicians didn't know was
going on. Um that lots of nice proofs of

[3:04:00]
going on. Um that lots of nice proofs of
concept, you know, just sort of hints of
of what was going to happen. this was
just before chat GBD but there was even
then there was one talk about language
models and the potential um capability
of those in the future. So that got me
excited about the subject. So I started
giving talks um about this is something

[3:04:16]
giving talks um about this is something
we should more of us should start
looking at um now that I' arranged to
run this conference and then chat GPT
came out and like suddenly AI was
everywhere and so uh I got interviewed a
lot um about about this topic um and in

[3:04:30]
lot um about about this topic um and in
particular um the interaction between AI
and formal proof assistance and I said
yeah they should be combined this this
is this is um this perfect synergy to
happen here and at some point I realized
that I have to actually do not just talk
the talk but walk the book you know like
you know I don't work in machine
learning I and I don't work in proof

[3:04:46]
learning I and I don't work in proof
formalization and there's a limit to how
much I can just rely on authority and
saying you know I I'm a I'm a warn
mathematician just trust me you know
when I say that this is going to change
athletics and I'm not doing it any when
I don't do any of it myself so I felt
like I had to actually uh uh justify it

[3:05:02]
like I had to actually uh uh justify it
yeah a lot of what I get into actually I
don't quite see in advance as how much
time I'm going to spend on it and it's
only after I'm sort of waste deep in in
in in in a project that I I I realized
by that point I'm committed. Well,

[3:05:15]
by that point I'm committed. Well,
that's deeply admirable that you're
willing to go into the fray be in some
small way a beginner, right? Or have
some of the sort of challenges that a
beginner would, right?
new concepts, new ways of thinking also,

[3:05:31]
new concepts, new ways of thinking also,
you know, sucking at a thing that others
I think I think in that talk you could
be a fields med metal winning
mathematician and undergrad knows
something better than you. Yeah. Um I
think mathematics inherently I mean

[3:05:45]
think mathematics inherently I mean
mathematics is so huge these days that
nobody knows all of modern mathematics.
Um and inevitably we make mistakes and
um you know uh you can't cover up your
mistakes with just sort of bravado and
and uh I mean because people will ask

[3:06:00]
and uh I mean because people will ask
for your proofs and if you don't have
the proofs you don't have the proofs. Um
I don't love math. Yeah. So it does keep
us honest. I mean not not I mean you can
still it's not a perfect uh panacea but
I think uh we do have more of a culture
of admitting error than because we're

[3:06:16]
of admitting error than because we're
forced to all the time. Big ridiculous
question. I'm sorry for it once again.
Who is the greatest mathematician of all
time? Maybe one who's no longer with us.
Uh who are the candidates? Zyler, Gaus,

[3:06:30]
Uh who are the candidates? Zyler, Gaus,
Newton, Raman, Hilbert. So, first of
all, as as mentioned before, like
there's there's some time dependent
on the day. Yeah. Like like if if you if
you if you plot cumulatively over time,
for example, Uklid like like sort of
like is is one of the leading
contenders. Um and then maybe some

[3:06:46]
contenders. Um and then maybe some
unnamed anonymous mathematicians before
that um you know whoever came up with
the concept of of numbers you know you
know um do mathematicians today still
feel the impact of Hilbert just oh yeah
directly of everything that's happened
in the 20th century yeah Hilbert spaces

[3:07:01]
in the 20th century yeah Hilbert spaces
we have lots of things that are named
after him of course just the arrangement
of mathematics and just the introduction
of certain concepts I mean 23 problems
have been extremely influential
there's some strange power to the
declaring ing which problems are hard to

[3:07:16]
declaring ing which problems are hard to
solve. The statement of the open
problems. Yeah. I mean this is bystander
effect in everywhere. Like if no one
says you should do X, everyone just
moves around waiting for somebody else
to to uh to do something and and like
nothing gets done. Um so and and like it

[3:07:33]
nothing gets done. Um so and and like it
like it's one one thing that actually uh
you have to teach undergraduates in
mathematics is that you should always
try something. So um you see a lot of
paralysis um in an undergraduate trying

[3:07:45]
paralysis um in an undergraduate trying
a math problem if they recognize that
there's a certain technique that that
can be applied they will try it but
there are problems for which they see
none of their standard techniques
obviously applies and the common
reaction is then just paralysis I don't
know what to do or um or I think there's

[3:08:01]
know what to do or um or I think there's
a quote from the Simpsons I've tried
nothing and I'm all out of ideas um so
you know like the next step then is to
try anything like no matter how stupid
um and in fact almost as stupid of the
better um which you know and one a

[3:08:15]
better um which you know and one a
technique which is almost guaranteed to
fail but the way it fails is going to be
instructive um like it fails because you
you you're not at all taking into
account this hypothesis oh this
hypothesis must be useful that's a clue
I I think you also suggested somewhere
this this fascinating approach which

[3:08:30]
this this fascinating approach which
really stuck with me I started using it
and really works I think you said it's
called structured procrastination no yes
it's when you really don't want to do a
thing. Do you imagine a thing you don't
want to do more? Yes. That's worse than
that. And then in that way, you

[3:08:45]
that. And then in that way, you
procrastinate by not doing the thing
that's worse. Yeah. Yeah. It's a nice
It's a nice hack. It actually works.
Yeah. Yeah. This um I mean with anything
like you know I mean like you um
psychology is really important like you
you talk to athletes like marathon

[3:09:01]
you talk to athletes like marathon
runners and so forth and and they talk
about what's the most important thing is
it their training regimen or the diet
and so forth. Actually so much of it is
actually psychology. Um you know just
tricking yourself to to think that the
problem is feasible um so that you can
you're motivated to do it. Is there

[3:09:16]
you're motivated to do it. Is there
something our human mind will never be
able to comprehend?
Well I sort of as a mathematician I mean
you
there must be some suffer that you can't
understand. That was the first thing

[3:09:30]
understand. That was the first thing
that came to mind. So that but even
broadly is there are we li is there
something about our mind that's we're
going to be limited even with the help
of mathematics well okay I mean like how
much augmentation are you willing like

[3:09:45]
much augmentation are you willing like
like for example if if I didn't even
have pen and paper um like if I had no
technology whatsoever okay so I'm not
allowed blackboard pen and paper right
you're already much more limited than
you would be incredibly limited even
language the English language is a
technology

[3:10:00]
technology
It's a It's one that's been very
internalized. So, you're right. There
really the the the formulation of the
problem is incorrect because there
really is no longer a just a solo human.
We're already augmented in extremely

[3:10:15]
We're already augmented in extremely
complicated intricate ways, right? Yeah.
Yeah. We're already like a collective
intelligence. Yes. Yeah. Yes. So,
humanity plural has much more
intelligence in principle on it good
days than than the individual humans put
together. It can also have less. Okay.

[3:10:31]
together. It can also have less. Okay.
But uh um yeah, so yeah, mathemat
mathematical community plural is is is
incredibly super intelligent uh entity
um that uh no single human mathematician
can can come closer to to replicating.

[3:10:45]
can can come closer to to replicating.
You see it a little bit on these like
question analysis sites. Um so this math
overflow which is the math version of
stack overflow and like sometimes you
get like this very quick responses to
very difficult questions from the
community. Um, and it's it's it's a
pleasure to watch actually as a as an

[3:11:00]
pleasure to watch actually as a as an
expert. I'm a fan spectator of that uh
of that site, just seeing the brilliance
of the different people, the um the
depth of knowledge that people have and
the the willingness to engage in the in
the rigor and the nuance of the

[3:11:15]
the rigor and the nuance of the
particular question. It's pretty cool to
watch. It's fun. It's almost like just
fun to watch. Uh what gives you hope
about this whole thing we have going on,
human civilization? I think uh yeah. Um
the younger generation is always like
like really creative and enthusiastic

[3:11:30]
like really creative and enthusiastic
and and inventive. Um it's a pleasure
working with with with uh with uh with
young students. Um
you know the uh the progress of science
tells us that the problems that used to
be really difficult can become extremely

[3:11:45]
be really difficult can become extremely
you know can become like trivial to
solve. you know, I mean, like it was
like navigation, you know, just just
knowing where you were on the planet was
this horrendous problem. People died um
you know, or or lost fortunes because

[3:12:00]
you know, or or lost fortunes because
they couldn't navigate, you know, and we
have devices in our pockets that do this
automatically for us, I guess, a
completely solved problem, you know. So
things that are seem unfeasible for us
now could be maybe just sort of homework
exercises for
Yeah. But one of the things I find
really sad about the finitness of life

[3:12:16]
really sad about the finitness of life
is that I won't get to see all the cool
things we create as a civilization. You
know that cuz in the next 100 years, 200
years, just imagine showing showing up
in 200 years. Yeah. Well, already plenty
has happened, you know, like if if you
could go back in time and and talk to

[3:12:30]
could go back in time and and talk to
your teenage self or something, you know
what I mean? Yeah. and just the internet
and and our AI. I mean again they
they've been in they're beginning to be
internalized and say yeah of course an
AI can understand our voice and and give
reasonable you know slightly incorrect

[3:12:46]
reasonable you know slightly incorrect
answers to to any question but yeah this
was mind-blowing even 2 years ago and in
the moment it's hilarious to watch on
the internet and so on the the drama uh
people take everything for granted very
quickly and then they we humans seem to
entertain ourselves with drama out of

[3:13:02]
entertain ourselves with drama out of
anything that's created somebody needs
to take one opinion another person needs
to take an opposite opinion, argue with
each other about it. But when you look
at the arc of things, I mean just even
in progress of robotics. Yeah. Just to
take a step back and be like, "Wow, this

[3:13:17]
take a step back and be like, "Wow, this
is beautiful that we humans are able to
create this." Yeah. When the
infrastructure and the culture is is
healthy, you know, the community of
humans can be so much more intelligent
and mature and and and rational than the
individuals within it. Well, one place I

[3:13:32]
individuals within it. Well, one place I
can always count on rationality is the
comment section of your blog, which I'm
a big fan of. There's a lot of really
smart people there. And thank you, of
course, for uh for putting those ideas
out on the blog, and it's I can't tell

[3:13:45]
out on the blog, and it's I can't tell
you how
uh honored I am that you would spend
your time with me today. I was looking
forward this for a long time, Terry. I'm
a huge fan. Um you inspire me. You
inspire millions of people. Thank you so
much for talking. Oh, thank you. It was
a pleasure.

[3:14:00]
a pleasure.
Thanks for listening to this
conversation with Terrence Tao. To
support this podcast, please check out
our sponsors in the description or at
lexfreedman.com/sponsors.
And now, let me leave you with some
words from Galileo Galile.

[3:14:15]
words from Galileo Galile.
Mathematics is a language with which God
has written the universe.
Thank you for listening and hope to see
you next time.