[00:00]
There's a funny story I read that when
you won the Fields Medal, somebody from
the internet wrote you and asked, you
know, what are you going to do now that
you've won this prestigious award and
then you just quickly very humbly said
that, you know, this a shiny metal is
not going to solve any of the problems
I'm currently working on. So, I'm just
I'm going to keep I'm going to keep
working on them. First of all, it's
funny to me that you would answer an
email in that context. It just shows
your humility. But anyway, it's another
way for me to ask about Gregoria
Pearlman. What do you think about him
famously declining the Fields Medal and
the Millennial Prize, which came with a
$1 million of prize money? He stated
that I'm not interested in money or
fame. The prize is completely irrelevant
for me if the proof is correct and no
other recognition is needed. He's
somewhat of an outlier, even among
mathematicians who tend to have somewhat
idealistic views. I've never met him.
I'd be interested to meet him one day,
but I I never had the chance. He's
always had strong views about certain
things. It's not like he was completely
isolated from the math community. I mean
he would he would give talks and write
papers and so forth but at some point he
just decided not to engage with the rest

[01:00]
just decided not to engage with the rest
of the community. He was disillusioned
and he decided to peace out and you know
collect mushrooms in St. Petersburg or
something and that's fine. You can do
that. He hasn't published since in this
field but that's fine. There's many many
other people who've done so as well. I
guess one thing I didn't realize
initially with the fields medal is that
it sort of makes you part of the
establishment. Most mathematicians
there's career mathematicians you know
you just focus on publishing the next
paper maybe getting one to promote one
one rank and starting a few projects
maybe taking some students or something
yeah but then suddenly people want your
opinion on things and uh you have to
think a little bit about you know things
that you might just so foolishly say
because you know no one's going to
listen to you so it's more important now
this is where I would probably say that
I like the fields medal it does inspire
a lot of young people somehow this is
just how human brains work yeah at the
same time I also want to give sort of
respect to somebody like Gregoria
Pearlman who is critical of awards in
his mind those are his principles and
any human that's able for their
principles to like do the thing that
most humans would not be able to do it's
beautiful to see. Thank you for watching

[02:01]
beautiful to see. Thank you for watching
this clip. Please subscribe to the Lex
Freedman YouTube channel and consider
watching the full episode of the
podcast.