[00:00]
It's possible for society to lose a
competence it still needs because it's
chasing the future. We have so much
critical infrastructure, for example,
that still runs on cobalt that about
five humans around the world really
understand truly deeply. I don't think
any of the programmers who wrote that

[00:15]
any of the programmers who wrote that
cobalt code back in the '7s had any damn
idea that in 2025 checks were still
being cut off the business logic that
they had encoded back then. But that
just brings me to the conclusion on the
question for what should a young
programmer do? You're not going to be
able to predict the future. No one's
going to be able to predict the future.

[00:31]
going to be able to predict the future.
If you like programming, you should
learn programming. Now, is that going to
be a career forever? I don't know. But
what's going to be a career forever? Who
knows? Like a second ago, we thought
that it was the blue collar labor that
was going to be abstracted first. It was
the robots that were going to take over.

[00:45]
the robots that were going to take over.
Then Gen AI comes out and then all the
artists suddenly look like, "Holy
is this going to do all animation now?
Is going to do all music now?" They get
real scared. And now I see the latest
Tesla robot going like, "Oh, maybe we're
back now to blue collar being in trouble
because if it can dance like that, it

[01:01]
because if it can dance like that, it
can probably fix a toilet." So, no one
knows anything. And you have to then
position yourself for the future in such
a way that it doesn't matter that you
pick a profession or path where if it
turns out that you have to retool and

[01:15]
turns out that you have to retool and
reskill, you're not going to regret the
path you took. That's a general life
principle for me. I want to be content
with all outcomes. If no one wants this,
I will have had another opportunity to
write beautiful Ruby code, to explore a
green field domain, to learn something

[01:30]
green field domain, to learn something
new, to build a system I want. Even if
no one else wants it, what a blessing.
What a privilege. If a bunch of people
want it, that's great. We can pay some
salaries. We can keep the business
running. And if it's a blowway success,

[01:45]
running. And if it's a blowway success,
wonderful. I get to impact a bunch of
people.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for watching this clip. Please
subscribe to the Lex Freedman YouTube
channel and consider watching the full
episode of the podcast.