[00:00]
I thought when the iPhone came out that
like, oh, it's like a mobile phone. I've
had a mobile phone since the early '9s.
Well, it wasn't a mobile phone. It was a
mobile computer. And even more than
that, it was the most important computer
or it would become the most important
computer for most people around the
world, which meant that if you like to

[00:15]
world, which meant that if you like to
make software and wanted to sell it to
people, you had to go through that
computer. Now, suddenly, before you
could even launch, you'd have to ask
Apple for permission. That always sat
wrong with me. But it wasn't until we
launched Hay in 2001 that I saw the full

[00:30]
launched Hay in 2001 that I saw the full
extent of the rot. When we got ready to
launch after spending 2 years building
this product, millions of dollars in
investment to it, we obviously needed
mobile apps. So, we had built a great
native client for both iOS and for
Android. And we were so excited. Hey

[00:45]
Android. And we were so excited. Hey
world, we've been working on this new
thing. I'd love for you to check it out.
And of course, as with anything, when
you launch a new product, there are some
bugs. So, we quickly found a few in the
iOS client and submitted a new build to
Apple. Hey, here's our bug fixes. Can
you please update? And that's when all

[01:00]
you please update? And that's when all
the help broke loose. They said, "Oh,
wait a minute. We see that uh you're not
using our inapp payment system, which
means that we don't get 30% of your
business. You will have to rectify that
or you can't be in the app store." Apple
was willing to destroy hay if we did not

[01:17]
was willing to destroy hay if we did not
agree to give them 30% of all the
signups that came through the iOS app.
And it wasn't just about the 30%. When
you sell an app in the app store, you're
not selling an app to a customer. You're
selling an app to inventory at Apple and

[01:31]
selling an app to inventory at Apple and
then Apple sells an app to that
customer. So, if you want to give
discounts or refunds, if you want to
easily support multiplatform, if someone
signs up for hey on their iPhone and
they want to switch to Android, it's
complete hell. For a million reasons, I

[01:46]
complete hell. For a million reasons, I
did not want to hand my business over to
Apple. So, we decided to do something
that seemingly Apple had never heard
before. We said, "No, this is not fair.
This is not reasonable. Please approve."
And of course, they didn't. And it
escalated. And after a couple of days,

[02:01]
escalated. And after a couple of days,
we realized, you know what? we're going
to be dead if they go through with this
unless we make such a racket, such noise
that they will regret it. So, I started
kicking and screaming and going public

[02:15]
kicking and screaming and going public
and that turned into a prolonged twoe
battle with Apple that essentially ended
in the best possible outcome we could
have gotten. We wouldn't hand 30% over
to Apple. they do wouldn't kick us out
of the app store, but we had to build
some dummy account so that the

[02:30]
some dummy account so that the
app did something when you downloaded
it. That was a rule that Phil Schiller
seemingly made up on the fly when
pressed for the fifth time by the media
about why we couldn't be in the app
store when a million other companion
apps could. But we just happened to be
able to create so much pain and noise

[02:45]
able to create so much pain and noise
for Apple that it was easier for them to
just let us be than to keep on fighting.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for watching this clip. Please
subscribe to the Lex Freedman YouTube
channel and consider watching the full
episode of the podcast.