[00:00]
you've estimated that we'll have AGI by
2030. How will we actually know that we
got there and uh what maybe quote move
37 of AGI?
&gt;&gt; So I think there's the sort of blanket
testing to just make sure you got the
consistency but I think there are the
sort of lighthouse moments like the move
37 that I would be looking for. So one
would be inventing a new conjecture or a
new hypothesis about physics like
Einstein did. So maybe you could even
run the back test of that very
rigorously like have a cut off of
knowledge cutff of 1900 and then give
the system everything that was you know
that was written up to 1900 and then and
then see if it could come up with
special relativity and general
relativity right like Einstein did. That
that would be an interesting test.
Another one would be, can it invent a
game like Go? Not just come up with move
37, a new strategy, but can it invent a
game that's as deep, as aesthetically
beautiful, as elegant as Go. And those

[01:00]
beautiful, as elegant as Go. And those
are the sorts of things I would be
looking out for. And probably a system
being able to do several of those
things, right? For it to be very
general, not just one domain. And so, I
think that would be the signs at least
that I would be looking for that we've
got a system that's a GI level. And then
maybe to fill that out, you would also
check the consistency, you know, make
sure there's no holes in that system
either.
&gt;&gt; And you would be in the room for that
probably 2 or 3 months before announcing
it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And you would just be sitting there
trying not to tweet
&gt;&gt; something like that. Exactly. It's like
what is this amazing new, you know,
physics idea? And then we would probably
check it with world experts in that
domain, right? and validate it and kind
of go through its workings and it would
be explaining its workings too. Yeah, be
an amazing moment.
Thank you for watching this clip. Please
subscribe to the Lex Freedman YouTube
channel and consider watching the full
episode of the podcast.