[00:00]
What do you think about Meta buying up
talent with huge salaries and and the
heating up of this battle for talent?
&gt;&gt; You know, there's a strategy that that
Meta is taking right now. I think that
from my perspective at least, I think
the people that are real believers in
the mission of AGI and what it can do
and understand the real consequences
both good and bad from that and what's
what that responsibility entails. I
think they're mostly doing it to be like
myself to be on the frontier of that
research. So, you know, they can help
influence the way that goes and steward
that technology safely into the world.
And, you know, Meta right now are not at
the frontier. Maybe they'll they'll
manage to get back on there and, you
know, it's probably rational what
they're doing from their perspective
because they're behind and they need to
do something. But, I think um there's
more important things than than just
money. Of course, one has to pay, you
know, people their market rates and all
of these things and that continues to go
up. Um, and I was expecting this because
more and more people are finally
realizing, leaders of companies, what
I've always known for 30 plus years now,

[01:00]
I've always known for 30 plus years now,
which is that AGI is the most important
technology probably that's ever going to
be invented. So, in some senses, it's
it's rational to be doing that. But I
also think there's a much bigger
question. I mean, people in AI these
days are very well paid. You know, I I
remember when we were starting out back
in 2010, you know, I didn't even pay
myself for a couple of years because
wasn't enough money. we couldn't raise
any money and these days interns are
being paid you know the amount that we
raised as our first entire seed round so
it's pretty funny and I remember the
days where we used I used to have to to
work for free and and almost pay my own
way to do an internship right now it's
all the other way around but that's just
how it is the new world but I think that
you know we've been discussing like what
happens post AGI and energy systems are
solved and so on what is even money
going to mean and we're going to have
much bigger issues to work through and
how does the economy function in that
world companies. So I think you know
it's a little bit of a side issue about
salaries and things of like that today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When you're facing such gigantic
consequences and gigantic fascinating

[02:00]
consequences and gigantic fascinating
scientific questions
&gt;&gt; which maybe only a few years away.
Thank you for watching this clip. Please
subscribe to the Lex Freedman YouTube
channel and consider watching the full
episode of the podcast.