[00:00]
People do not realize how powerful meta
prompting is until they try it. And I
want to give you a couple of specific
techniques that advanced prompters use
that you can try as well. The first one
is reverse prompting. So this technique
exploits the model's meta knowledge
about what makes prompts effective. The
model's been trained on a lot of prompt
engineering conversation and you can ask
it to design an optimal prompt. And the
funny thing is people don't realize
this. You can ask it to define the
prompt to solve a particular defined
task and it will just write its own
prompt and execute on it. And so one of
the ways that you can do this is to say
you're an expert prompt designer. Please
design the single most effective prompt
to analyze quarterly earnings reports
for early warning signs of financial
distress. Consider what details matter,
what output format is most actionable,
what reasoning steps are essential. Then
execute that prompt on this particular
route. You see how we've included a
request for specific outputs along with

[01:00]
request for specific outputs along with
a request for the prompt. You can
totally do that. You can ask for a
prompt with certain characteristics and
the model can use best practice, look at
the output, formulate the prompt, keep
in mind what you're looking for, and
then run it. People don't realize you
can do this, but it sure opens up a lot
of power in the model. Another one is
recursive prompt optimization. So this
is a situation where you can say you're
a recursive prompt optimizer. My current
prompt is here. Your goal is this. I
need you to go through multiple
iterations with me. Right? For version
one, just add the missing constraints.
For version two, please resolve
ambiguities. And for version three,
enhance reasoning depth. You can pick
what the versions do. But the point is
you are starting to define aspects of
the prompt you care about. You're not
saying what the new prompt will be.
That's up to the model. and you were
giving the model multiple iterations in
one pass. And so it's going back over
the prompt again and again and again.
And this can force a kind of structure
and constraint that improves the quality

[02:01]
and constraint that improves the quality
of the prompt on the specific axes that
you care about. So, those are a couple
techniques for metarrompting.