[00:00]
What we're going to do, we're just going
to have fun with this. I'm going to show
you a vanilla prompt where I just say
make it and it's super vague and I don't
give Claude the context. It's just a
basic prompt. And I'm going to say make
a Thanksgiving newsletter, right?
Because it's Thanksgiving. And you're
going to see what it does. And then I'm
going to show you the difference it
makes when I actually add an extra set
of Goldilocks prompts so that Claude
knows what it's doing. Let's dive in.
Okay, here we are. That prompt on the
left there, can you create a family
newsletter? That's all I gave the model.
And this is what Claude comes back with.
It's super basic. You can see it has a
few visual elements here. And it has
these sort of annoying orange
highlights. It has a spot to add family
photos, but of course, that's not
clickable or usable. And the copy is
pretty generic. And that's that. It is a
family newsletter I would not want to
send to my family. But what if we choose
to add a more effective prompt? All
right, here we are looking at the exact

[01:01]
right, here we are looking at the exact
same prompt except I've added some
Goldilocks prompting. In fact, this is a
little bit of an advanced technique. I
have stacked up some Goldilocks prompts.
The advantage of having some shorter
ones is that you can be more effective.
So, I have a layout prompt here that
focuses on non-anoying layouts and
specifies those. I have a color prompt
that talks about the kinds of colors
that would convey trust or be modern or
whatever. I also have a font prompt. All
of these
are important for getting this into
better shape. If we move over here, we
see the font has been chosen carefully.
We see the impact of the layout. We see
the colors are chosen much more
carefully.
And the overall impression is readable.
I'm not going to say this is the most
beautiful family newsletter you've seen,
but I got to be honest with you, I have
seen much worse formatted family
newsletters. And so, this is not too
bad. It even includes a really handy
like sidebar with a quote that's not

[02:01]
like sidebar with a quote that's not
horrific and a nice little footer.