[00:00]
Chat GPT 5.1 dropped November 12th. It's
the biggest update since chat GPT5 and
everyone is talking about the emotions,
the ability of the model to be warmer
and they're all missing the point. The
point is that this is the most agentic
and useful model that we have seen out
of Open AI and I want to tell you why.
So I'm going to get into my top 10
takeaways. I would love to hear your
take. Let's hop right into it. Number
one, sharper instruction following. So
what is it? Chat GPT 5.1 is explicitly
tuned to follow instructions much more
faithfully than chat GPT5 or any earlier
OpenAI model. So OpenAI is framing it as
warmer. But the the important part is
that it's better at following your
instructions. And the way that shows up
is for example if your prompt says three
bullets in a one-s sentence summary, the
model is more likely to do exactly that.
If your system prompt says don't
apologize or don't restate the question,
it's going to try to obey that. The new
prompting guide explicitly calls on
developers to reduce conflicting
instructions because Chad GPT 5.1 takes

[01:02]
instructions because Chad GPT 5.1 takes
instructions super seriously and if
there are conflicts, it's going to try
and resolve them. The edge case here is
that there's there there's an upside and
a downside when you have something that
follows instructions. In older models,
if you had sloppy or conflicting
prompts, they often got averaged out and
people got used to that. Now,
contradictions like be concise and
explain in detail are more likely to
cause really weird behavior or
oscillation. Instruction following is
better, but it's still probabilistic.
Long prompts or hidden defaults or vague
language will still lead to drift. So,
if you want to dig in more, Chad GPT 5.1
published a usage guide. They published
a prompting guide. They both call for
stronger instruction following and the
need to simplify prompts. You have to
treat your prompts in your system like
real specs. My takeaway here is that we
continue to move toward a world where
prompt is